[{"Movie":"Cool World","Title":"Hand Drawn","Author":"mushi6618","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12132720","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A short drabble about a favorite movie of mine; even though many people didn't like it. To understand the story you should probably watch the movie, or know about it... at all. … He had to admit, it was good to be back in Cool World. Though now it was a little different. Frank was a doodle himself this time around, unrestricted by his human outline, and no longer classified as a Noid. He still operated as a detective, trafficking the Noids that managed to make it to Cool World, but now he had a socket to his plug. When he went home at night he no longer had to pretend he was a toon. Frank Harris leaned back into his creaky 50's detective's chair. Lonette was a real doll, one that he'd know since he first came to Cool World almost 57 years ago. Doc Whiskers had introduced them in a way. Lonette was his nurse, taking care of his wounds from the motorcycle accident. At first she didn't like him, he heard her say once: \"He's a Noid who probably had a pistol problem.\" It wasn't until a good ten years passed, since their first meeting, that one night he'd busted a bunch of goon doodles trying to have a \"good time\" with her when he realized what a gem she was amongst the sex-crazed lunatics that ran rampant in Cool world. It'd been a week before he scrounged up the courage to ask Lonette out, but once the ball started rolling one date turned into two, two to four, four to eight, and so on. Dr. Whiskers had told him never to have sex with a doodle, and one night he almost made that mistake. He stopped himself. It was hard as hell, but for forty years he'd kept his pen in his pants and as much as Holli wanted to get at him, it was always Lonette that was his weakness. Thinking of Holli, he'd have to thank her the next time she was in town. If it wasn't for her killing him, he'd never turned into a doodle. Sitting up he looked at the two pictures on his desk. One was of him as a Noid, a human, holding onto Lonette's waist, a wistful look paining both their faces. The other picture was taken near the same location but the two toons in the picture were too busy with each other to notice the photographer. Frank smiled as he stood up, grabbed his coat and left his office. Walking the streets of Cool World he nimbly dodged falling anvils and other crazy toons as he got into his car and sped off down the windy road towards his waiting wife. The toon-life was good. ... ","Summary":" A short drabble about a favorite movie of mine; even though many people didn't like it. To understa"},{"Movie":"Cool World","Title":"Holli's Revenge","Author":"Akktri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13057591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Clad in a black and white prison jumpsuit, I followed the detective down a prison hallway, my hands pinned behind my back with literal `hand cuffs' that looked like something cut off of Frankenstein's monster. Cartoon animals filled the cells, walked around in warden's garb, specifically felines and one classification of nocturnal bird. \"This is cute,\" I muttered. \"What is this place?\" \"Owl-Cattrez,\" the detective answered. \"Strictly minimum security. It's a quiet place. You'll like it. \" My companion was a doodle. Ink and paint. He used to be human once, but now he was full on animated, his eyes just a pair of circles like Little Orphan Annie , his blonde hair super bright yellow. \"Look, Harris,\" I said. \"I just saved the world. Before all that crap went down in Vegas, I did ten years hard time in a real prison. Don't I deserve better than a transfer to another jail?\" The officer threw me against a cell. Sometimes I could flash into a cartoon character and not feel anything, but this wasn't one of those times. It actually hurt. A human body, after sleeping with a doodle, flickers from real to cartoon and back again every couple minutes. Despite being in contact with The Spike of Power, I still hadn't been cured. \"Listen, you smug son of a bitch! You nearly ended the world because you couldn't keep your Johnson in your pants! Your psycho bitch girlfriend pushed me off the side of a building! Do you know how much that hurts? You screw the world for a piece of ass and what, I'm supposed to thank you? You didn't save the world, you just cleaned up your own mess! \" A female cat in a skin tight police uniform stopped and stared at us, making that silly blinking noise that cartoons sometimes make when confused. She resembled something from that Zootopia movie. In fact, most of the characters in the place did, from the overweight owl gawking next to her, to the lean Calicoes snickering at us behind bars. The detective, looking embarrassed, let go of me and the cat sidled away, twirling a normal set of handcuffs. Harris sighed. \"Deebes, I'm going to level with you. The reason why you're here instead of Arkham or Supermax is because you stopped Holli. Like the judge said, you're the first criminal of your kind, so we don't exactly have a legal precedent to compare it to. \"You did ten years in a real prison? Don't know what you did, don't care. I'm thinking, if you're on your best behavior, we can get you out of here in five, maybe less. Plus, uh...\" He smoothed back his crazy blonde Elvis hair, face turning an unnatural shade of pink. \"Even though dying sucked, you did kinda make it possible for me to finally get (ahem) intimate with a certain doodle... \" He feigned coughing. I opened my mouth to argue that he didn't have to die to do that, but I didn't relish getting thrown against the bars again. \"Sounds like I did you a favor! Why not, you know, just let me off with a warning?\" I saw actual steam blowing out of the detective's ears, his face turning the color of a stop light. \" Warning! I gave you that the first day I saw you step into Cool World!\" He pinned me against the cell, clamping his hands around my throat. \" You want me to make this into a life sentence? Keep talking and I'll get an order from the judge! Lessening your sentence to five years, that's all you're getting from me in terms of gratitude! You broke the oldest law in Cool World, you nearly destroyed the world! Five years, Deebes! That is what you deserve! If I were you, I'd keep my damn mouth shut and accept it, because things can certainly get a lot worse!\" \"I'm sensing a lot of pent up frustration,\" I muttered. \"How long have you gone without sex?\" He jabbed me with his finger. \"That's six years , Deebes! Want to make it seven? Because I'd be more than happy to oblige!\" Since my hands were still cuffed, I gave him my best defeated looking shrug. Harris opened a cell, tossing me in with three prison striped cats, a big fat gray thing, a skinny brown one with a stupid looking headband, and a squat little orange feline with a pumpkin shaped poorboy hat. \"Can I has cheezburger?\" the gray one asked. \"Sorry,\" I groaned. \"Fresh out.\" The cell door slammed shut. \"See you in six years, Deebes!\" I gave the detective the finger, but he only laughed at me and walked away. \"So,\" said the brown cat. \"What are you in here for?\" ","Summary":" Clad in a black and white prison jumpsuit, I followed the detective down a prison hallway, my hands"},{"Movie":"Cool World","Title":"Cool World: At The Club","Author":"Gizmo Burns","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9256184","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The cool world club was packed with almost every doodle there, the whole crew were drinking beer and waiting to see the star dancer, the very sexy \"Holli Would\" meanwhile right outside were the three little punk kids who were all trying to get into the club but the bouncer woul let them in because they were all under age he shouted. \"No, kids allowed! now get the hell out of here!\" The purple looking boy then flipped him the bird, he and his friends were now leaving with disappointed looks on their faces, suddenly \"Lonette\" one of the waiters there working she had saw them and she kind of felt sorry for the boys so she now open's the back doors to sneak theme in she says. \"Hey boys! this way.\" While holding his carrot the rabbit kid said. \"Check it out boys that hot girl is sneaking us in, and she's got a nice piece of ass to!\" The others at the same time both said. \"All right!\" They ran quickly witout being seen, Holli was now performing and everyone there was cheering for her, the kids who were watching the show from the back room were having one hell of a good time, Sparky who was looking cool with his sunglasses on smoking his cigar was really checking Holli out. While the drunken guy who had a crush on Lonette was trying to get her att he said while slobbering. \"Hey, Lonette where's my drink babe?\" She replied. \"I heard you the first ten times.\" He said while he continued to slobber. \"Oh i'm sorry here give me a kiss!\" While getting annoyed she told him. \"Why don't you go home deadbeat!\" In the back the boys were looking at Lonette, the dog looking boy said. \"That drunken loser is really pissing her off.\" The rabbit boy said. \"Somebody should do something man.\" Suddenly the purple looking boy gets out his slingshot he then puts a rock on the ropes and he shoots it to the drunken guy's head which knocks him out cold, Lonette who saw the whole thing smiled with delight. But Sparky had also saw what happend to the the drunken guy, he then recognise the boys and said to himself. \"Why it's those little assholes.\" He then said while punching his right fist to his left hand. \"Time to pun the three little twerps.\" Now getting up from his chair walking into the back room of the club, when he was about to get there Lonette hits him on the head with her tray to save theme from being bullied by Sparky, suddenly Holli who was still dancing had also saw what happend to Sparky. To be continued. ","Summary":" The cool world club was packed with almost every doodle there, the whole crew were drinking beer an"},{"Movie":"Cool World","Title":"Living With A Strange Love In Cool World","Author":"weapon13WhiteFang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4799187","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In Cool World, there is only one rule. And that rule is used to keep the balance of the real world, and the cartoon world. Breaking the rule is not an option. It never has been and it never will be. And what is that rule one may wonder? Well its simple, really. Anything goes around that world, because anything can happen their. And the one thing that is not allowed is: Noids do not have sex with doodles. You follow this rule, live this rule, and you'll have no trouble they say. Your time in Cool World will be a blast. You'll be perfectly fine. Bullshit. - The distance from the front door to the doorway of her apartment seems impossibly long. She had never had to take this many steps before, had she? I mean seriously, it should not take this long to walk down the damn hallway! Its like three feet long, and she's still walking towards it after three steps! \"You owe me last weeks rent, Hawkins!\" She stopped her pursuit to her ever distancing door, as she turned to look at the crusty, dreadful cheap booze smelling, old woman that owned her apartment building. \"Miss Helswind, I told you! I'll get you this week and last weeks rent tomorrow,\" she sighed, as the shorter woman wobbled over to her. \"Kia? Do I hear a lip coming from you?\" Miss Helswind asked, as she knocked her cane into Kia's kneecap. Hissing in pain, she bit back a long line of dreadful names she wanted to call the woman. \"No! No, of course not, Miss Helswind! I was just reminding you. Your always so busy, I didn't know if you'd forgotten,\" Kia lied through her teeth, as she rubbed her possibly bruised kneecap, attempting to hide her bag of recently bought goods from the old women. They would just cause her trouble at the moment. Miss Helswind let out a fit of coughs, as she growled at Kia, giving her a slanted glare past her greasy, salt and pepper, strands of unrully hair. Turning back to her door, the old women held up her index finger. \"One last chance, Hawkins.\" She cackled with a cough. \"One last chance, or I'm throwing you out on the streets!\" With that, the older woman retreated into her cat-piss stinking and cigarette smoke covered room. Kia found herself staring at the old woman's door, before she turned to her own door. Pulling her bag of goodies out from behind her she threw the bag over her shoulders, before stalking angrily to her small apartment door, which now seemed to close for her comfort. Closing the door behind her, Kia looked around at her poor excuse for a home. It was a one bedroom apartment, with a crappy city view, a bathroom with pealing and fading walls, and a poorly carpeted floor. But seeing as her only source of income was her job at a nearby gas station, with a pay of seven twenty-five an hour, it was the best she could afford at the moment. Throwing her orange \"Don't Mess With Texas\" cap onto her bed, she happily let her mid-back length, raven black, hair cascade down her back and onto her shoulders, as she wiped the sleep from her ice-blue eyes. \"Damn wench. She needs to find some poor, blind and horny bastard so she can get fuckin laid!\" Kia mumbled hotly, as she slipped out of her work uniform and into a cotton white t-shirt, ripped acid washed jeans, and her favorite black army boots. Turning on her radio, she grinned as \"Heart of Rock and Roll\" by Huey Lewis and the News came on. Bobbing her head along to the music, Kia walked to her small wooden desk, before taking to her bed. Plopping down on her bed with a pencil, some paper, and a book to write on, Kia slowly went to work on her life time project. Her comic book, Cool World Sally. She had, with honor, been given permission a year ago by thee Jack Deebs to use his creation, Cool World, for her story idea! Of course her story took place on another side of Cool World from Jack's, making it a little more original. She still couldn't believe Deeb's had agreed! When she had heard he was out of jail, Kia had searched everywhere for his address, so she could mail him a permissions form to use his idea world for her character. A character which Jack Deebs himself approved of! Even giving her tips to improve it! And when she had received a copy of a signed legal rights form for the comic, she had practically fainted! But the real thing she wanted to faint over was Jack's approval of her character. Her character, named Sally Bell, was a somewhat tamer, black haired version of Deeb's character, Holli Would. The girls had about the same build, but Sally was more of a sexy fighter girl. While Holli danced, Sally punched and beat her way through life troubles in Cool World. Kia usually dressed her in ripped jeans, black tank-top, ripped up denim vest, fingerless black gloves, and black boots! Kia was proud of her character, and had spent hours upon hours working on her and the comic story. Every chance she got, she would work on it! And tonight would be another chance for her to continue her work. So, getting comfortable on her bed, Kia went straight to work on her new comic page. She was happy to say she only had three more pages to go, before she could mail it to Jack Deebs and get his opinion on her work. Plus it would be nice to hear from the man she hadn't heard from since he'd given her permission to use his idea a year ago. Kia sat down her pencil, as she let out a great big sigh. She had been working for six hours now, and was in need of some screw off time to herself. Carefully, she slipped her new page into a vanilla folder with the others, before slipping it under the bed. After stretching out her stiff limbs and taking a drink of her Sprite, Kia reached from her spot on her bed, to a single wooden chair were her goodie bag sat. Shaking with happiness, Kia sat up in her bed, and removed a handful of the newest season of Cool World. Spreading each out on her bed, Kia smiled as she looked at each cover with respect and slight envy. God how she wished she was this talented. Plopping down on her stomach near the edge of her bed, Kia reached under with both hands, and removed a large, clear, basket of Cool World comics, grunting as she sat the basket beside her and plopped herself on her ass again. Opening the basket like bucket, Kia removed a pile of individually rubber-band wrapped Cool World comics, sitting them on the other side of her. She had three whole baskets similar to this one, and they were all full of Cool World comics. She was an obsessed fan, and she knew it. And frankly, she didn't give a damn what anyone thought of her for it. Grabbing one of the newer comics she had spread out on her bed, Kia found herself flipping through it, before sitting it down, not finding what she wanted. Going through each of the new ones, Kia removed three of them from the group of six. Slipping the newer ones back into the bag she'd brought them in, she looked at the three she left out. She smiled as she flipped through one of them, and found her favorite Cool World character. He wasn't a really popular character, and he was only shown when it involved getting with Holli. \"Sparks! You could do way better than her.\" Kia said with a sigh, as she tapped her finger on the broad chested purple man with white swirled hair, and black specks over beady red eyes. She rolled her eyes at herself. Her friends had always thought she was a nut for having a thing for a fictional characters. She use to simply blow them off, and go back to daydreaming, because she didn't care for their opinions. She had known it was strange, but she couldn't help it! Fictional characters were more appealing then some of the jackasses she had to deal with on a daily basis. Back when she was younger, she would have done anything to be with a cartoon, than one of the \"real boys\". But now that she was older, she found herself scolding her affection for the fictional characters like Sparks. \"Get a grip Hawkins. It ain't ever gonna happen,\" She sighed, as she grabbed the newest Cool World comic, and opened it to the first page. \"So just grow up.\" Continuing to flip through the comic, she stopped and frowned when she found Holli and the super-powered Jackman having a 'love bird' fight. Again. Rolling her eyes, Kia skipped over Holli and Jackman's fight, to find her favorite, and the most popular, and newest, couple, Frank Harris and Lonett the sexy waitress. Kia had fallen for the two after their premier in Jack Deeb's season final for Cool World; \"Holli Would in Real Vegas.\" The final comic had been a number one seller for the Cool World Fandom, and Kia had two copies of it; one in mint packaged condition and one out of its cover for her to read. \"Jack Deebs does it again,\" Kia sighed with a sad smile, as she scanned over the interesting pages full of fun looking characters and backgrounds. \"Man! I wish I could be apart of Cool World. Then maybe things would be more interesting for me.\" With that mumbled wish, Kia went to close the comic. Her attempt was stopped as a sudden blast of wind erupted from the pages of comic, blasting Kia back against her bed post and startling her! The wind suddenly died, as Kia shock her hair out of her face, caught her breath, and stared wide eyed and ash faced at the comic book, which was now glowing and tinkling with a faint sound of a city as it lay open on her bed! \"Holly shit the bed Fred!\" - Tell me what you think please![Chapter 2] \"Oh, shit! I'm high, aren't I? Someone obviously slipped something into my can of Sprite at work, and It's just now kicking in,\" Kia mumbled, as she stared at what could possibly be the most impossible thing to ever happen to her. Her mind was racing a mile a minute! Her body was shaking, and she could only stare numbly at the glowing and sound animated comic book that lay an arms length from her. From where she sat up against her bed post, she could see that the pictures were moving, and every once in a while, an animated head would pop out of the book! \"Hey, toots? Whats got you shaking like a wet dog?\" Kia nearly screamed bloody murder, as she found herself staring at an animated man wearing a pinstriped suit and hat! He was tan and wearing sunglasses, that just barely shaded his obviously green eyes. Hanging from his lips was a toothpick, and a gun from his hip. Only half his body was out of the comic, and he had a grin on his face, showing pointed teeth. Backing into her bedpost, Kia stared at him with her wide ice-blue eyes. \"Get away from me you animated freak!\" She sputtered, as the cartoon leaned towards her with an outstretched hand. The cartoon male stopped his hand, his grin turning to a frown, before crossing his hands over his broad chest. \"You noids are so damn strange. No wonder there ain't many of yans in Cool World,\" he muttered at her, shaking his head, as Kia's ears perked, her interest being peeked. Slightly forgetting her fear, Kia leaned forward with curiosity getting the better of her. \"Cool World? Your from Cool World? As in the cartoon world?\" She asked meekly, tilting her head to the side. The man's eyes popped out of head, literally, with disbelief, as he placed his hands on his hat, keeping it and his head from flying off. \"Holy doodle! Don't tell me yas didn't know Cool World was real?\" Kia shyly lowered her head, and gave a soft shrug. \"Well it isn't. It's just a fictional world made up by some comic book writer... Right?\" The cartoon man let out an annoyed sigh, almost causing Kia to laugh, as sketched clouds came out of his mouth. \"Noids,\" He mumbled, shaking his head as he stuffed his hands into his pinstriped suit. \"I'm outta here. Ain't no reason for mes ta hang with a Noid who don't know nuttin,\" he gave a snort as he turned away from her. \"'World made up by some comic book writer!' bah! Damn Noids are wack-a-doodles!\" And with that said, Kia watched with wide eyed disbelief, as the man pushed himself down and back into the comic, disappearing with a small 'pop' sound. \"Wait!\" Kia called, scrambling toward the comic book, forgetting her fear from earlier. Slowly sticking her head into the light, Kia gasped in aw, as she watched the moving cartoon drawings run around gleefully. Hesitatingly, Kia looked around her room, as if making sure no one was watching her in her bedroom, before turning back to the comic book, and reaching her hand towards the glowing comic. Becoming wide mouth with aw, she watched as her hand went right through and into the comic! Pulling her hand back quickly, Kia examined it for any changes or marks it might have gotten. When she found none, Kia clinched her hands, and stared blankly at the comic. She ran her hand through her hair quickly, before nodding her head, coming to a quickly thought out decision. Slowly pulling herself up, Kia grabbed her boots, slipped them on, before getting on her feet on her bed. \"I've got to see more!\" She mumbled to herself, staring down at the moving pictures. \"This may be my only chance to go to a world I've only ever dreamed of going to.\" Taking a step forward, Kia stood just above the glowing comic, and let our a shaky breath. She clinched her fist at her side. \"Here goes nothing!\" With gritted teeth, she jumped towards the comic, expecting to just land on top of it and find that she had just dreamed the whole thing. A gush of air, and a pull of her heart later, Kia instead found herself hovering over a seemingly endless city! The wind whipped her hair around aimlessly, as she tried to make sense of her surroundings. Suddenly, with gut wrenching speed, she found herself free-falling towards the city! \"Ahhhhhh!\" She screamed loudly, flailing her arms and legs wildly, as the ground speed towards her! 'I'm gonna die! I'm gonna die!' Her mind screamed, as she closed her eyes, gritted her teeth, and brought her arms to her face as she neared the ground. She prepared herself for a painful, possibly death-impacting, slam into the ground! \"WEEE! I Got it! Its mine now!\" Startled, Kia's eyes shot open. She gaped like a fish out of water upon finding herself hovering only a few inches away from the ground! 'Oh great! I died free-fall didn't I?' She wondered as she made an attempt to put her feet on the ground. She suddenly let out a cry of shock, as something touched her ass! Bringing her elbow and hand back, she made hard contact with something soft and fuzzy. She let out an 'Oomph!' as she suddenly crashed to the ground on her stomach. \"Hey Bunnie? What it do to ya?\" Groaning, she propped herself onto her hands and knees, shaking as she raised her head. Her eyes widened as she came face to face with a pair of beady black eyes and crooked teeth? \"Hey! It moved!\" Kia jumped back with a cry of fear and with frightful speed, causing her to fly back onto her ass! \"Whoa! Lookit! Its a noid!\" Calming her frantic heart, Kia clasped her chest, as she found herself staring at a, colorful, blue rabbit wearing green pants and white shoes, while carrying a large carrot club with spikes at the end. It was staring at her past his large sickly green noise and large teeth hanging from his mouth. Beside it stood a crooked teethed kid, with a large candy cane and wearing a pilot hat with goggles, purple jeans, and a white, almost tan, t-shirt. Next to it was a brown scruffy dog in a bolder hat, wife beater, and brown shorts with no shoes. Slowly coming to her feet, Kia watched the three huddle together and stare up at her. They whispered to each other, as Kia calmed her shaking legs and voice. \"Where am I?\" She asked, beginning to look around, startled to find herself in an alleyway. The blue rabbit, who would have been cute if not for his eyes and tubby tummy, glared up at her, as he sat his carrot club on his shoulder. \"Wait a minute...\" Kia mumbled, as she racked her brain, trying to remember were she'd seen the three before, their faces clicking something in her brain. \"I know who you guys are! Your Bunnie, Winger, and Scruffy!\" Kia exclaimed, causing the three to look at each other with disbelief, before turning back to her with guarded expressions. \"Hey noid? How you know our names?\" Winger asked, poking Kia's stomach with his candy cane. Grunting, Kia pushed the candy cane away in annoyance, as she shook her head, still not fully believing that she was talking to cartoons! \"From the-the Cool World comic. You-you three were always seen with Sparks.\" At the mention of her favorite Cool World character, Kia watched as the three toon's suddenly pounced on her, knocking her to the ground! \"Hey! Wha-! Cut it out!\" Kia exclaimed, as she found herself wrapped up in colorful toon rope! \"Heyy, Bunnie-ehhh! What are we gonna do with the noid?\" Winger asked, as the three began to pull her, grunting with each tug. Kia tried to remove the rope, as she heard Bunnie let out a grunt of annoyance. \"We're gonna take the noid ta sparks! Sparks will know what ta do with 'er.\" Bunnie grunted, causing Kia's eyes to widen. 'Oh man!' Hope you enjoyed :) ","Summary":" In Cool World, there is only one rule. And that rule is used to keep the balance of the real world,"},{"Movie":"2001 Maniacs","Title":"One Last Thank You","Author":"repomannumber1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11173467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I DO NOT OWN 2001 MANIACS NOR THE OC IN THE STORY! The night air was crisp and the stars were bright in the sky late that August night. It had been years of working and waiting, one hundred seventy five years waiting for that damn curse to be over and it had finally come. While many would be happy, that was not the case for Harper Alexander. He was glad that they would be free of it all by morning but he thought of Winter, the girl that had become like a daughter to him and had been her support where her own father had failed her. He wasn't going to be able to thank her for everything she had done to help them and he hated it. He knew he only had a few hours but he had to do something, anything, to show how much she had meant to him and how much she had changed his life. He sat down and began writing on a piece of paper, scrawling down everything that came to mind. He read it over and over again to himself, thinking that this was no way to say goodbye but it was all he could do to thank her. He placed it in an envelope and sealed it with wax before walking, or more so dragging himself to his grave and placed it on the ground next to it; using a few small rocks to hold it down. He paused a moment as if in thought and gently picked up the letter again and gently kissed it and whispered, \"Ah wish Ah could say these words t' yeh face instead a' this...\" He exhaled as a single tear rolled down his face and he placed the letter back, weighing it down once again and heading back to town. Sure enough, by that next morning all of the residents of Pleasant Valley were gone and all that was left was the graveyard. A few days had passed and the sun was shining, high and strong, as Winter Storm had decided to head back home to see the ones that she had considered a family for so long. She had no idea that the usual greeting of everyone when they seen her arrive would not be there this time to welcome her home once again. When she arrived back in Pleasant Valley it looked desolate and far quieter than she had ever known it. She looked around but no one seemed to be around. \"Harper! Huck!\" She called out for the first two names that came to her mind, and was worried upon hearing no reply. \"Where the hell is everyone?\" Still there came no reply or even sounds in the distance, there was just her and the slight sound of wind in the trees. She was shaken up at this point and had a rather bad feeling. \"Dad, where are you at,\" she whispered, just wishing that this joke would end. Almost at a moment's thought she remembered the curse of the town, the 2001 lives to avenge and she had an idea of what might have happened. A chill ran down her spine and she almost took off running for the graveyard and straight for Harper's grave. She hit her knees as she got there and already had few tears falling. She ran a shaking hand over the engraving on the tombstone and her hand trailed down to feel paper and a wax seal. She picked it up and seen her name written on the front in Harper's handwriting, though it was a little shakier than normal and opened it to find a letter inside. 'Winter If you're reading this then that means we're gone. We reached 2001 Northerners within your absence and are standing on the edge of peace and rest for our souls. I wish I was able to say this to you another way so you could hear me but it can't happen so I hope you at least hear me as you read this. I cannot begin to thank you for all that you have done for us, all of us here in town. I am proud to say that I knew you and I am proud to consider you my daughter and be there for you when your own father wouldn't be. The entire town is thankful to you for all that you have helped us with and we could never imagine how different we'd have been without you. I consider myself honored to have known you and wish you all the best with what you do in your life because I know that you will be great and that you're future is bright. I'll miss you more than you know, but who knows what the future can hold maybe we'll see one another again in the future somehow. But I am always there with you, the wind in your hair, the rain when it falls and that shadow next you you; I am right there and will be for good Until we meet again Dad' Winter was in tears as she read the letter and would give anything for it not to be true. They were gone, all of them were gone and she was all alone. She leaned against Harper's grave and sobbed, wrapping her arms around herself. She just wanted Harper there to tell her it was okay and that she'd be fine. She didn't even get to say goodbye and it was killing her. She was scared and just wanted this to be a dream that she was going to wake up from and everything would be back the way it was. She just sat there against the grave crying like a child and hardly noticed the new presence that had arrived at the grave until the other had spoke in a voice that was very familiar to her. \"Now now, wha's wit' th' tears? There's nah need fer that.\" Her eyes went wide and she looked up to see Harper standing there that same half smile/half smirk that he always wore. \"H-Harper...\" she meant to say it normally but it just came out as a whisper as she stood and threw her arms around him tightly. \"Dad...Wh-What are you doing here?\" She buried her head into his chest and exhaled as he held her as well. He gently rubbed her back as she held him tightly and stroked her hair gently with his other hand. \"Hey... easy, Ah'm righ' here. Ah'm here an' Ah'm not going anywhere Ah promise.\" He gently wiped away her tears and he smiled slightly. \"Ah don' know how or why bu' Ah'm back.\" He looked at her and moved a few loose strands of hair behind her ear. \"Jus' like Ah promised, Ah'm always gonna be there fer yeh.\" She looked at him and smiled a little. \"I'm just glad that you're back.\" The two stayed there for a time before heading off to contemplate what to do next. Whether the rest of the residents would follow at anytime and join them, neither of them knew the answer but they had each other and they were grateful enough for that./div ","Summary":" I DO NOT OWN 2001 MANIACS NOR THE OC IN THE STORY! The night air was crisp and the stars were brigh"},{"Movie":"2001 Maniacs","Title":"Aftermath","Author":"JackFrostFiction","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12437835","Passage":"[Chapter 1] THE WOUND The guardians are on their way back from beating Pitch in North's sleigh. Sandman has passed out from exhaustion and Jack looks as though he is about to dose off. North is steering the sleigh but looses control for a second. The short bump woke Jack up for a second and then he dosed off. Bunny who say Jack fall asleep looks at Tooth worried but she just gives him a look that says he is tired. Bunny didn't protest because the kid took a 3 ft fall from the sky. ~Tooth's POV~ Poor Jack looks so exhausted laying there. But I mean you can't blame him, he stayed awake for 4 weeks just to stop Pitch. But even with Pitch defeated I feel like something isn't right I just can't figure out what. \"Do you hear that?\" Bunny asks wordily. \"Hear what?\" I answered back mostly scared. In just a second things went from being okay to a nightmare. Pitch using all the strength he had left in him managed to fly up to the sleigh and shoot one last arrow, and instead of hitting Sandy he hit Jack right in the stomach. \"Gah!\" Jack shouted in pain. I wanted nothing more than to comfort the winter spirit but I was in so much shock I couldn't move. Bunny managed to send Pitch back to the ground. I looked back at Jack and I couldn't look away and to top it all off I was frozen with fear. For a split second I saw Jack look at me and his eyes locked into mine, oh how badly I wanted to look away. His eyes were full of tears oh pain as he lets out another groan and looks away. \"What's going on back there?\"North asked. \"Hurry and drive Jack's injured badly, Tooth get the gauges under the seat we need to stop the bleeding!\" Bunny shouted back. \"Alright\" I replayed worriedly I grabbed the gauges and pushed down on Jack's wound to try to stop the bleeding but it didn't work he just bled right through them. I didn't dare look at how big the gash was. We started to get closer to the North Pole. But unfortunately the closer we got to the Pole the closer Jack came to unconsciousness. ~Bunny's POV~ The kid was loosing a lot of blood and I mean a lot, the gauges have started leaking and the kid's eyes are starting to flutter shut. He is getting paler then he is supposed to be and we can barley even lift up his own head anymore. Tooth looks the most scared I mean the Pole just started to come into view and Jack is about to go unconscious. \"Hey, hey don't close your eyes. Just look at me okay.\" Said Tooth worried. \"It...It's...argh...hard.\" Said Jack half out of it half in pain. \"Just try okay.\" Said Tooth \"O...okay.\" Said Jack painfully. The poor boy looked as though he was going to die here and then but he stayed awake. We finally landed and Jack looked more awake now than before but he was still going paler. His finger tips are now purple like the bags under his eyes. \"Sandy knock him out.\" North ordered Sandy gave a slight nod and then started to form a ball of dream sand in his hand and started to move toward Jack. But Jack was trying to fight back in my arms. \"S...Sandy...argh...no...p...please\" Jack said weakly Jack gave out another large groan and this time looked like he was going to pass out on his own. Sandy looked at North but North just gave out a sigh and said \"We don't have time for this get him to the infirmary.\" I started to walk Jack to the infirmary slowly so not to make the huge gash in his abdomen worse. We finally got to the infirmary and I laid Jack down on the bed while Sandy got the heart monitor and Tooth got the IV tube. North started to get the stitching supply's as long as a bottle of something I couldn't remember to clean the wound. Tooth stuck the IV into Jack and Sandy hooked up the heart monitor to Jack. North had me hold Jack down sense he was stirring and groaning so badly I almost cried seeing him like this. \"We have to clean the wound, Bunny and Tooth hold him down for this it's going to hurt.\" Said North. Tooth and I held Jack down during the process. The poor kid was crying, groaning, and screaming. I'm pretty sure Tooth started to shed tears herself. North wants even near half way done cleaning the wound when Jack was able to break free and tried to stop North. I felt so bad for the kid I didn't do anything at first but the North gave me a look and I grabbed the kid by the arm and yanked him down into the mattress. The poor boy started to scream and groan even more than before and North eventually decided the kid couldn't handle any more and he wasn't even half way yet so he told Sandy \"Sandy I think it's about time we knock him out.\" Sandy gave North a little nod saying okay and looked at Jack and had a sad look on his face as the kid tried to break free from my grasp in pain. Sandy raised his hand above Jack's head and snapped his fingers. The dream dust sprinkled down on Jack's eyes and he fell asleep instantly. Tooth saw him sleeping and started to cry herself she had to leave the room for a minute. Jack was asleep but his facial expression was still winced as if he was still in pain. ~Jack's POV~ My head was pounding and I was thirsty but I just couldn't wake up. I was just resting there half awake half asleep just laying there with my eyes shut and then I felt something below me that made me open up my eyes. It was hard to open my eyes, they just wouldn't focus. When they finally did I saw I was covered in a blanket and pillows were surrounding me. I had no idea where I was. I tried to sit up to get a better look at the room I was in. But when I sat up there was a sharp pain in my abdomen that made me shoot back down. The pain was so intense I think I was about to black out again but I fought it off and just looked laying down. There were tubes connected to my left arm and on my chest was a heart rate monitor and then it hit me I was at the North Pole. I suddenly felt the urge to sleep but this time I couldn't stop it. My eyes snapped shut and everything went black. Beep...Beep...Beep...Beep...Beep...Beep. What ever that noise was it was quite annoying but soothing at the same time. Second later I could here voices in the room. \"Your sure he will be alright\" \"Positive\" \"He should have woken up by now\" \"Give him some time\" I tried to go back to sleep but then I heard a familiar voice, it was soft and sweet but scared and worried at the same time. I couldn't recall who's voice it was. But then I felt the bed sink in and I could here 3 people leave. It was probably Tooth, North, and Bunny. But then who is in the bed with me. \"Come on snowflake wake up.\" I recognized that voice so clearly now but I still can't recall who's it is. Wait did they say snowflake. IT WAS RAPUNZEL! But how did she get here. I tried to say I'm alright but it just came out in a cough. \"Jack are you awake. Jack come on wake up.\" I started to stir in the bed and she was now leaning on me. I tried to open my eyes, but it was hard. I got the, open enough to see her in a purple and pink dress with her hair in a braid looking at me with hope and love. That was enough for me to try to wake up. I managed to get my eyes open but they went focusing. Next thing I know she was her arms around me crying, I was in shock at first but then my eyes focused and I realized she was now bawling so I hugged her back and she pressed deeper into me sending a sudden pain in my abdomen. \"Gah\" \"Oh I'm so sorry Jack I forgot I'm sorry I- I just got excited that your awake I'm sorry.\" She said worriedly \"Hey it's okay\" I replied to her. \"Do you need anything\" she asked me \"I would like some water.\" \"Alright I'll be back soon.\" She turned to go get the water but the she turned back around and ran into my arms gave me one last hug and then went to go get the water. ~Rapunzel's POV~ I went downstairs to get the water for Jack and I was so happy we was alright. I had only got the call from North when I found out that Sandy didn't leave for his shift so I covered for him. North had told me that Jack wasn't doing so well and that after in done with the dreams I should get down here fast and see him just in case it's the last time I ever will. I got the water for Jack and started to head upstairs when I say a blood trail leading from Jack's room to downstairs. I dropped the water out side the door and followed the trail to find at the end of it Bunny holding Jacks Limp body. ~Bunny's POV~ I managed to catch the kid before he hit the floor but what he was doing I had no idea first thing I was going to go check on him and the next thing I know I see a blood trail and Jack about to pass out downstairs. Rapunzel approached us fast she saw Jack and her face went pale and she looked as though she had see a ghost. I Carrie shim back to the infirmary and fixed the stitches and changed his old blood soaked wrap with a new one and then went to wash the blood off my fur. After I was done I went to stop by Jack's room and saw him drinking water in his bed. \"What did you think you were doing\" I asked He just looked up at me ashamed of himself. I couldn't really blame the kid I mean he can't stay in one place for too long he'll find a way to get bored and fast. The poor boy looks so frail and weak. When we were wrapping him up he was so frail and fragile you could see his rib cage. I wanted to know more about this kid especially why the moon chose him. But he doesn't like to talk about it. Jack brought his head down ashamed of himself and just sat there looking out the window. I eventually left the room to let him get some rest but a was bloody scared he was going to try to sneak out again. ","Summary":" THE WOUND The guardians are on their way back from beating Pitch in North's sleigh. Sandman has pas"},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"burnin love","Author":"kisoxkiwi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7560894","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"We need an inside man\" Charlie stated talking to Lyle through a video connection. \"I should be able to dig someone up\" he replied typing furiously at the key-pad, he smirked. \"Actually I got one right here… they go by Amelia starling and they happen to be a close acquaintance of mine.\" Lyle replied, Charlie smiled. \"Send in any information on them.\" Charlie said closing the window; Lyle picked up his phone and called the new recruit. Small apartment in New York I woke up to my phone playing 'sunshine of you love' I rolled off my bed landing on the floor; as I scrambled for the phone, picking it up I flipped it open. \"This better be good Lyle\" I said angry. \"How would you like to go to Venice ?\" he asked I could tell he was smirking. \"I'll pack, when do I need to be at the airport?\" I asked grabbing a back-pack, I began to throw clothing, computer gear, and some protein bars. \"Oh about the next 20 minutes\" he said laughing. \"Im going to kill you Lyle\" I said slipping and falling into the wall. \"How's the weather?\" I asked, not wanting to get caught in rain with a tank and shorts. \"pleasant\" he replied, \"hardy har your hilarious\" I said pulling the weather up on my laptop knowing I was not going to get an answer from Lyle anytime soon about the actual weather conditions. \"Rain all week…yeah pleasant\" I stated then hung up, grabbing a pair of ripped up skinny jeans, and a civil wars t-shirt. After getting dressed I threw in a few extra outfits. I'm quite certain it was mostly underwear. Running down the stairs I swung the door open and jumped into my mini cooper. I hopped in, turning on the car I slammed onto the acceleration and flew out of the parking garage, I flipped on the radio. i been around the world, i can't decide if i love or hate this thing called money i seen those diamond waterfalls on all the corners who say to me \"hey honey\" I sped about going seventy miles per hour, I checked my mirror to see a cop I smirked and went faster swerving through back roads. i just know its gonna be okay when all this paper blows away... its just paper, anyway you got the money that i want so bad i like them rich girls you got the loving that i never had i like them poor girls you got the money that i want so you got the loving that i never had rich poor girls girls I swerved down a small alley way only big enough for my car. the rich girls see the curving of the earth when flying over kansas city but ice cream music floats along the hills of where we're living and those poor girls know the feeling of the playground bench with darkness bleeding like a palm tree, dreaming i love you even though you got no dough rich girls, poor girls i just can't decide... ...i let them roll right by ((i like them rich girls)) ...like them at the same time ((i like them poor girls)) Flying out of a back alley, the cop had gotten stuck, as my mini cooper slid through, laughing I turned up the radio. I pulled into the airport, giving me only a couple minutes to get in; I paid for my parking and ran out, with my bag and skid to a halt, feeling pain in my feet I looked down. \"Stink bombs\" I mumbled looking at my bare feet, I shook my head and walked over to get my ticket. \"Starling\" I said, as politely as possible. \"Yes here you go the plane is just getting ready to leave.\" She said handing me my ticket; I handed over my back pack, I walked over to the boarding area and went through customs I showed my passport. \"Have a nice flight\" I nodded and walked through and onto the plane I sat in first class. \"Lyle you spoil me\" I said, take off was fast and I soon fell asleep. Couple boring hours later I woke up to the flight attendant shaking me. \"Were here miss.\" She said, smiling I nodded in thanks, I stood stretching. \"Mmm, like chocolate mousse\" I said walking off the plane I went through customs, I grabbed my bag at the turn around then looked around for Lyle, I spotted him waving I smiled and ran over jumping on him for a hug, he fell over me fallowing. \"Uh Mel air\" Lyle said gasping I laughed standing I pulled him up, I giggled, Lyle scanned me. \"You look different\" he said smiling I looked down at myself, I'm tall, equally proportioned, long brown hair, green eyes, and a baby face, yet I looked like an adult and being well endowed in the ahmm chest area helps. \"So shall we go?\" I asked, he nodded, we got in the car, I threw my back pack in the trunk. \"The guys are going to freak\" Lyle said I raised an eyebrow. \"They've never really worked with a girl before, well at least a few of us haven't\" he explained, he began to drive to where we would take a boat into the city. \"So information\" I stated he smiled. \"Ok stop \"I say scooting away \"stop what?\" of course he would ask that in such an innocent way. \"With the troll face\" I say poking him he just nods \"now tell me mister who am I working with?\" \"Alright, first john\" \"john!\" I interrupted hopping in my seat, it was like Christmas in a way john had always been a father figure to me. \"Yes john!\" Lyle said imitating me; I crossed my arms pouting in defiance. \"Now let me continue\" he says while looking pointedly at me. \"since you know a lot about him already next we have Charlie are lead man and your boss, so be good. We have are explosive expert left ear he's about an inch or two taller than me, and then there's handsome rob, and he's well he's….\" \"Handsome\" I deadpanned. \"Pretty much, but he is good ad driving I suppose\" Lyle said lamely. \"your so descriptive have you ever thought of being a writer your characters would be sooooo interesting\" I said rolling my eyes. Lyle glared at me from the drivers seat. \"Anyone else?\" I asked only to be greeted with a tensed Lyle and thick air. I knew he was missing someone, but he didn't want to talk about him or her so I knew to change the subject soon or someone would get a beating. As I was about to ask we made it to the dock. \"Oh look were here\" he said, I stayed silent as he parked then we got out and found a guy waiting in the speedboat. \"So where do we meet them?\" I asked while stepping into the boat. \"Full of questions aren't we, well the job starts tomorrow, tonight were going to relax, and brief you.\" He said, relaxing I nodded. It took us only a couple of minutes before we made it to the hotel they were staying at, we got out and walked into the hotel I looked to see three men sitting in the lobby I was about to head over. \"Wait, I'll give you an entrance\" Lyle said I just complied and sat where I had stopped, he walked over to them, I saw him giving a slight twitch of his hand that was my entry, I stood. Picking up my bag I headed over smiling when I stopped in front of them Lyle smirked and I smiled at their reaction. \"So guys this is Amelia starling my sister\" Lyle said in pride, or amusement or maybe he was hungry. \"You're telling me she is your sister, I don't believe it man\" an African American man said shaking his head in disbelief, I smirked. \"I agree with left ear there's no way your two are related\" I guy said he had an English accent, and by the way he talked and sat, he had a large ego. \"I'm still hoping I'm adopted, finger crossed\" I said, Lyle pushed me I just smirked. \"Well you guys know my name so?\" I stated waiting. \"I'm Steve\" the short greasy looking weasel said, not that I judge, yeah right judging away, but there is just something about him. \"Handsome rob\" the Englishmen said. \"Left ear\" the quieter guy said, I smiled. \"Cool well call me Amelia, or Mel.\" I said shifting my bag, we shifted into awkward silence. \"Well I'm extremely tired so what room do I get?\" I asked they looked between each other. \"Well you see you either have to room with rob or Steve\" Lyle said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"Well you see we didn't think that we would need anyone else so your room didn't get booked obviously\" Lyle replied sheepishly. \"I'll take your room then\" I said seriously, the three other men laughed at Lyle who was gaping. \"What!\" he shouted. \"inside voices Lyle, I will be taking your room\" I said, I reached into his coat pocket and snatched his key card that I had noticed poking out earlier, and began walking away. \"You can stay with rob or Steve I need my own room\" I threw back as I walked. \"What…no…I...\" Lyle stuttered. \"Give it up, you can bunk with me\" Rob said chuckling. Oh this will be a fun trip. ","Summary":" \"We need an inside man\" Charlie stated talking to Lyle through a video connection. \"I should be "},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Fine","Author":"TML9115","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5450297","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Don't own anything… Just finished watchingnthe movie so wrote this short pointless story I thought I would putnout there …takes place right after the restaurant scene with Steve.n Not very well thought out nor is it long. I apologize for anyngrammar spelling and what ever else you may find wrong with it as itnis 2 in the morning. Enjoy!!! \"And why do you getnto punch him and I don't?\" Stella asked a small chuckle escapingnher lips. \"Because those hands are way too valuable.\" She smiles as she nods.n Charlie reaches a hand and places it on her back. \"Hey\" henrubs her back as he pulls her to him placing a kiss on her head. nStella pulls back wiping the tears from her face with the back of hernhand. \"You okay?\" Henasks in a soft voice. She nods as he brushes the hair from her face. \"Why don't you getnsome sleep, you'll feel better.\" He knew it wouldn't help butnit would calm her enough for her to gain control of her emotions. nStopping himself from killing Steve in the restaurant was one of thenhardest things he'd had to do. He understood to an extent what shenwas feeling. John was like a father to him too. \"I don't think Incan right now.\" She answered as a new set of tears began to flowndown her cheeks. \"Stella you need to,nI need you clear headed for whatever we decide tomorrow. You stillnwant to get him don't you?\" He knew she hadn't changed hernmind but wanted to hear her say the words. \"I want him. I wantnhim now more then ever Charlie. I\" she paused, subconsciouslynrubbing on her wrist. Charlie scooted backnuntil his back hit the backboard of the bed. \"Come here Stella.\"n He patted the stop next to him. She turned her head to look behindnher a small smile on her face. She took several seconds beforenobliging to his request. She sat beside him.n\"Charlie\" she began not sure what to do. \"Come here, I won'tnbite\" he smiled opening his arm wide for her. She took a secondnconsidering her options before she leaned into his embrace. She laidnher head on his chest and wrapped one arm around him placing it onnhis stomach her other arm between them. \"Try and get some sleep.\" She nodded but saidnnothing. Twenty minutes had passed in silence. Figuring she hadndrifted off Charlie shifted to get comfortable, her hold on himntightened as she grabbed a fist full of his shirt. \"I can still feelnit.\" She whispered. Tracing patterns on his chest. \"What's that?\" \"His hand…I cannstill feel his hand gripping my wrist.\" He felt her shiver. \"He'll get what'sncoming to him Stella we'll get him.\" She nods. \"We will\"nshe repeats with a yawn. Charlie reached over and turned off thenlamp, looked down one last time, seeing her eyes closed he too closednhis and fell asleep. ************************* Like I said short andnpointless… hope you enjoyed regardless. ","Summary":" Don't own anything… Just finished watchingnthe movie so wrote this short pointless story I thought "},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Getaway Car","Author":"penelope lemon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13201962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He was the best of times, the worst of crimes. \"What a twat.\" Left Ear glanced up and watched Steve exit one of the many high end boutiques on Rodeo Drive. \"He's just shopping,\" he commented on Handsome Rob's completely unjustified comment. \"How much do you want to bet he has a pair of Testoni shoes in that bag?\" Rob asked, indicating to the shopping bag in Steve's hand. They watched as he unlocked his car and climbed in. Rob turned over their own car, the engine rumbling to life before he shifted the car into gear. Left Ear brought the binoculars up to his eyes and leaned forward. \"The twat,\" he echoed, and Rob grinned. They had been tracking Steve for two days now, keeping tabs on any patterns, the usual places he visited, timing how long he was away from his house, looking for any window of opportunity they could use to make their move. So far he did what every other millionaire bachelor did; spent more money than he could keep track of, and hit on any woman who didn't recoil at the sight of his slimy mustache. \"Where are you off to now?\" Rob muttered to himself as they followed Steve off Rodeo Drive and farther away from the glam face of Los Angeles. They kept a few cars between them to buffer. While Rob drove, Left was scribbling notes down to give to Charlie when they rendezvoused at the hotel later. Rob turned after Steve onto a street of seedy bars and run-down gas stations. They were no longer in Steve's usual playground. Left glanced out the window, his gaze locked on a group of homeless people camped out on the corner of an alley. \"This is new,\" he commented, \"I thought Steve would be too pretentious to be caught out in a place like this.\" \"He is,\" Rob replied. \"So what business does he have here?\" Rob shrugged in reply. Traffic was less congested, and they had to fall even further behind so as not to draw attention to themselves. Steve disappeared down another street and a few minutes later, Rob and Left turned after him, just in time to see the Aston Martin park in a rundown two story motel parking lot. Rob pulled over to the curb and parked the car. \"He's not exactly laying low here...\" Left said, trying, like Rob, to figure out what a man like Steve was doing in an area like this. The place was faded pink with rusted white iron steps and green doors missing the bronze numbers. Rob sighed, leaned back in his seat, and rubbed his hand across the stubble on his jaw. They watched Steve climb out, cross the lot and pull out a key. He unlocked one of the bottom motel rooms and disappeared inside. Left craned is head, trying to see into the room, but they were too far away, and any chance of seeing something through the window was thwarted by the heavy curtains drawn closed. Rob and Left got comfortable, dropping the seats back and waiting until Steve came out. Left wrote down the time and name of the motel; The Night Hop. It flashed in neon letters, and the image of a green cricket underneath moved its legs with each flicker of the lights. Garbage littered the lot and the air was heavy with stale cigarettes. It was a far cry from Steve's Armani suits and bottles of Boerl & Kroff. After about twenty minutes, Left spoke up. \"What do you think he's doing in there? Think he's mixed up in some bad business?\" \"I don't know, wouldn't put it past him.\" There was a knock at the car window and Rob looked over. A large man stood on the other side of the glass, glowering at him. 'Khan' was tattooed on his left temple. He was tall and well-muscled between a layer of fat and thick bones. Rob was in good shape, he could hold his own against a number of men, but the stranger standing outside his car looked like he could break Rob's arm with one hit of his meaty hand. Rob cracked the window a few inches and the man leaned over. \"Can I help you?\" he asked, his voice conversational and strangely cordial. \"Just waiting on a friend,\" Rob said. \"We'll be off in a few minutes.\" Khan nodded, slowly, pursing his lips. \"Wait somewhere else,\" he said, his tone was still easy, but had taken on a commanding edge. Rob's grip tightened over the steering wheel. He glared at the massive man, but he leveled Rob with a sharp gaze of his own. Not taking his eyes off Khan, Rob shifted the car into gear and peeled away from the curb with a squeal of tires. He knew when to not push his luck. Left twisted around to watch the man out the back window. He let out the breath he had been holding, looking at Rob. \"Ah…did you see that man?\" he breathed, \"His arms were the size of tree trunks!\" \"I saw,\" Rob muttered. He looped around the block a few times, pulling back up to the same spot a few minutes later when he saw it was clear. Steve's car was still in the parking lot; they hadn't missed him. \"I don't think we should be here...\" Left said, \"The Walking Tree made it evident we weren't welcome.\" \"We can't lose Steve,\" Rob replied, \"Besides, I want to see what he's up to.\" Rob had an uneasy feeling, the answer of Steve's secrecy on the tip of his tongue. A nasty hunch in the pit of his stomach. He knew what places like this offered. He wanted to see if he was right, but also hoped that he wasn't. The door to the motel room opened and Steve strode purposefully to his car. He adjusted the belt on his pants, got in his car and pulled away from The Night Hop. Rob yanked his door open as soon as Steve's Aston Martin rounded the corner. Left leaned across the seat. \"What happened to not losing Steve?\" \"Keep the car running,\" Rob said and Left moved into the driver's seat. Rob glanced around, looking for any sign of Khan as he made his way to Steve's motel room. He tried the handle, but it was locked. He took a step back and kicked the door, the cheap deadbolt buckling under his weight. The door flew open and cracked against the opposite wall. Light flooded the dark room. A young woman stood by the bathroom door, bent over to retrieve a pair of pants off the floor. She froze when she saw him. Rob had a few seconds to glance around the motel room. Wall paper peeled at the baseboards and the sheets were twisted on top of the mattress. A champagne bottle sat on the bedside table, half empty. The room smelled of sweat. \"Steve, you sick bastard,\" Rob muttered, turning to the woman. She was dressed in only a tank top and a tattered pair of underpants. The start of a bruise colored one cheek. She looked like she wanted to scream but was poised like a deer in headlights. Rob opened his mouth, but before he could say anything, something crashed into him from behind and he flew forward onto the stained carpet. A dense body landed on top of him, knocking the wind out of his lungs. He twisted, fists raised to defend himself, but Khan, the massive brute, was already on his feet again. He lifted a booted foot and kicked Rob in the ribs. He gasped and rolled away, scrambling to his feet. Khan lunged at him again, but this time Rob was ready. His knuckles crushed against Khan's nose and jaw, sending his head snapping back with the force of each punch. The two collided in a tangle of fists and elbows and knees and they went careening into the wall. Khan rammed Rob's face into the plaster and he felt blood gush from his nose. He backhanded Khan, twisting around to try and get the upper ground again, but Khan was fast for how large he was. He wrapped a hand around Rob's wrist, his other arm snaking around his neck in a choke hold. He squeezed, flexing his large muscles and slowly applying pressure to Rob's windpipe. He gasped, reaching his hands around blindly to try and catch the man's eyes. Behind them, the young woman managed to swallow her shock. She grabbed the champagne bottle off the night stand, a gift from Steve, and raised it. She swung hard as she could, smashing the bottle over Khan's head. The glass shattered, tinkling as it felt over his shoulders and onto the floor. His grip loosened, and Rob wormed his way free, sucking in large breaths of air. \"Come on!\" he said, taking hold of her hand and running. She dropped the bottle and tip toed bare footed over the glass as he dragged her out of the motel and across the lot towards their parked car. Left Ear sat in the driver's seat, drumming the wheel. \"Hurry up!\" he called and Rob glanced over his shoulder to see Khan stumble out of the motel after them like a bull after the matador. \"Drive, drive, drive!\" Rob shouted, shoving the girl towards the back seat. She yanked open her door and climbed in while Rob rounded the car. He threw himself into the passenger seat and Left tore away from the curb as Khan closed in on them. The passenger door swung shut from the force of rounding the corner sharply, the three of them heading for the hotel. \"What have you done!\" Left was shouting, \"What the hell have you done!\" Rob ignored him and pulled out his phone to dial Charlie. Their team leader was staked out at Steve's house with Lyle, checking out the home security. \"Meet us back at the hotel,\" Rob said, before Charlie could even say 'hello'. \"We've a bit of a problem.\" \"A major problem!\" Left chimed in while he drove. \"What problem? Are you still on Steve?\" \"Just meet us at the hotel,\" Rob growled and hung up the phone. He glanced out the back to make sure they weren't being followed. His eyes drifted to the girl when he was certain they didn't have a tail. She sat quietly, but wide eyed and attentive, her chest heaving slightly. She looked back at him, and Rob turned forward. \"God you drive slow.\" He pulled off his suit jacket and tossed it into the back seat. Barely clothed, the girl pulled the jacket on to cover herself. Left looked at him incredulously. \"It's rush hour!\" I struck a match, and blew your mind. They made it through the lobby with only a few shrewd looks from the front desk clerk. Between the half-dressed woman and the man with a bleeding nose and the one wearing a hearing aid, they made quite a spectacle of themselves. In the elevator, Rob pressed the button for their floor. Soft jazz filled the silence. The girl stood behind them, clutching his jacket around her. He wasn't sure how she was fairing. She hadn't said a word to them. The adrenaline was finally subsiding in him and Rob could feel a sharp pain in his side where the Walking Tree had kicked him. His nose kept trickling blood, which he wiped away with the sleeve of his shirt. The elevator doors dinged open and Left lead the way down the hall to Stella's room. He knocked, and Stella opened the door. The three of them filed in, and Stella's gaze lingered on the unknown woman accompanying them. \"Here,\" Rob said, indicating to the bed, \"Have a seat.\" The girl did so, and Rob turned to Stella. \"I'll explain everything when Charlie and Lyle get here. Do you have extra clothes?\" \"Uh...yeah. Sure,\" Stella said, shoving away a partially dismantled safe to fumble through her suitcase. She pulled out a navy blue sweater and a pair of grey track pants. \"Sorry,\" she said handing the clothes over. \"I'm tall, so they might be long on you. You can change in the bathroom.\" The girl got up, clothes tucked under her arm, and went into the bathroom, closing the door after her. Charlie walked into the hotel room a few seconds later with Lyle trailing him. \"What happened?\" Charlie asked immediately. Rob launched into the story of following Steve into the sketchier parts of town, the motel, the pimp, the fight, and bringing the girl back to the hotel. Stella retrieved a towel from the closet, handing it to Rob so he could clean himself up. \"What were you thinking?\" Charlie hissed when he had finished. \"I was thinking that Steve is a pisser excuse for a man and that girl needed help. I wasn't thinking! But I wasn't going to leave her there!\" \"Of all the times to become an advocate for human trafficking, you choose now?\" Charlie practically shouted. \"She needed help!\" \"She puts the mission in jeopardy!\" \"Enough! Both of you!\" Stella snapped over them, turning to Charlie. \"Handsome has a point.\" Charlie sighed, pressing his fingers to the bridge of his nose. \"You didn't stop to think what happens next time Steve goes back to the motel and his prostitute isn't there—?\" \"Watch it,\" Rob growled, taking a menacing step forward. Charlie quickly lifted his hands in mock surrender. \"I'm just saying,\" he continued, \"Steve will be looking for that girl and so will her pimp and probably a number of other people. We can't take her to the police or to the hospital because we don't have an alibi for finding her. The second someone finds out about her, our cover will be blown.\" \"So we keep her with us,\" Rob said with a shrug, \"Just until the mission is over.\" \"We can't carry dead weight,\" Charlie said. \"There's no room for a side job here.\" \"I'll watch her. She won't be any trouble.\" Charlie sighed again, glancing around the group. Lyle and Left both looked too stunned to say anything, Rob's face was set with a determined frown, blood drying on his upper lip. Stella looked concerned as she chewed her lip. They didn't have room for mistakes, but they also couldn't turn the girl in. \"Fine,\" Charlie finally replied. \"She'll stick close to us until we have Steve's money. Once we're thousands of miles away in Fiji or Croatia we'll let her go. Then, and only then. We can't risk her turning us in before we lift the gold. Where is she now?\" \"In the bathroom.\" Charlie's face fell, and Rob realized his mistake. It shouldn't have taken the girl that long to change. The two of them ran to the bathroom, throwing open the door. The rest of the team followed, confused. \"Empty,\" Charlie said. Her soiled clothes were heaped on the floor and the window to the bathroom was opened. Charlie went to it and looked out. Rob pushed past Stella and went through the main room, out onto the balcony. Crouched on the decorative ledge of the hotel, dressed in Stella's clothes, was the girl. She clutched to the stone, her knuckles white. She looked up as Charlie called out to her. \"Oi!\" Rob snapped, and her head whipped around to look at him. He reached out his hand to her. \"Give me your hand!\" She shook her head vehemently. She pressed herself against the building, inching closer towards Charlie. \"Leave me alone!\" They were the first words Rob heard her say. Her voice sounded exhausted. \"Just let me go!\" \"Hey, hey,\" Charlie cooed, \"Listen, we're not going to hurt you. We're going to help you, but we need you to cooperate with us, okay? Just...come back in and we can talk.\" Charlie stuck his hand out the window and she flinched back, closer towards Rob. She scooted her bare feet across the narrow ledge, barley wide enough to hold her. She looked over at Rob suspiciously, who still had his arm extended to her. The wind picked up, tossing her light brown air around. \"Handsome?\" Rob looked over his shoulder at Stella. \"Let me try,\" she said and when he didn't move, she continued, her voice quiet. \"She's scared, obviously. Think about where you found her. She doesn't have any reason to trust men. Maybe I can talk her off the ledge.\" Rob nodded slowly, retreating his hand and letting Stella onto the balcony. She smiled at the prostitute. \"I'm Stella, by the way,\" she said gently. On the other side, Charlie watched carefully. \"What's your name?\" The girl didn't reply, she only shook her head. \"You don't have to tell me,\" Stella said. \"Where are you from?\" She muttered a reply. \"Colorado? You're far from home, aren't you? I was in Boulder last year for a job actually. Nice area, but I don't think I could ever live there, you know? Too...spread out.\" She still didn't say anything, her gaze locked on the street stories below. Her ankles wobbled from the strain of trying to keep herself tethered to the ledge. \"Listen,\" Stella said, her eyes flicking to her precarious perch. \"I know we're strangers but we're trying to help you and we're really the only chance you have of getting back to Boulder. We can get you a car, money, whatever you need. Lyle here—\" Stella indicated to their tech, who waved from behind Charlie, leaning out the window the watch, \"—can get you a bus or plane ticket to where you need. Come off the ledge. You've got nowhere else to go.\" The girl glared at Stella, but she had no other choice, so she slowly inched her way forward. \"That's it,\" Stella sing-songed, holding out her hand. She girl stood on shaking legs, then reached out and grabbed Stella's hand. \"Good,\" Stella continued, \"Now put your foot over on this ledge and climb over the balcony railing.\" She hesitated. It was a far distance for how high they were; the space between the ledge and the edge of the balcony. Rob moved closer to the two. She hopped across the gap catching herself on the lip, one hand going to the railing, the other holding onto Stella. Rob reached out to her and she wrapped her arm around his neck and they pulled her over the rail to safety. Her hands trembled from clutching the stone so tight, and Rob lowered her down until she sat on the balcony, her back against the rail. She took a deep breath, the danger of her hasty escape seeming to finally catch up with her. Lyle, Left and Charlie joined them on the balcony from the bathroom. Rob straightened, hands on his hips. \"What the hell were you thinking?\" he snapped. \"You could have fallen. You could have pulled Stella over as well!\" She didn't say anything, and Rob looked to Charlie. \"Your responsibility,\" Charlie said bluntly. But I didn't meant it, and you didn't see it. Rob flipped through the channels on the TV in his own hotel room. He wasn't paying the screen much attention, too distracted with the sound of water running in his bathroom. He had insisted that she take a shower; she had had the remnants of Steve on her still. He wasn't very pleased with himself, acting so irrational and now stuck to the responsibility of keeping the girl under his watch, but when he saw her in the dingy motel room something in him boiled to life. Something rageful and disgusted and he knew he had to make it right. He had a reputation with women, his friends called him Handsome Rob for Christ sake, but he also wasn't a monster. There was a fine line between sexist and predatory, and he was careful not to cross it. Millions of dollars and Steve still stooped to the lowest of lows. It should have come as no surprise, he tried to kill his friends in cold blood after all. Even so, Rob was sick with the thought. He looked to the bathroom, and was surprised to find her standing in the doorway, still in Stella's clothes, but this time with damp hair. Rob sat up a little, indicating to the silver tray sitting on the bed. \"I thought you might be hungry. I wasn't sure what you liked, so I just had them bring up some fruit and oatmeal.\" She nodded and moved closer to the bed. She seemed unsure, and Rob figured he should give her space, maybe move to the chair in the corner or something, but he was comfortable and also a bit of an asshole sometimes. So he stayed where he was. Eventually she climbed onto the bed and began eating. Rob glanced at the TV again, switching to sports. \"Are you going to tell me your name now?\" he asked after a few quiet minutes. She shook her head no, mouth full. He was right, she had been hungry. \"If I guess it, will you tell me?\" She considered this for a moment then nodded. He looked her over; tawny colored hair, soft hazel eyes, short, skinny, a few freckles, some scars on her arms and hands. The bruise on her cheek had turned purple and yellow. She had a tattoo on the inside of her arm, small discreet lettering. Rob tilted his head to read it. Khan. Like a property stamp. She caught him looking, and she yanked the sleeve of Stella's shirt down. Rob pursed his lips. \"Maddie?\" he guessed. She looked like a Maddie. She crinkled her nose. \"No.\" Rob chuckled. \"Don't like that name? Well then…how about Darcy?\" She shook her head no. \"Something old fashioned maybe. Rosie? Caroline?\" \"No, no.\" \"Bridget?\" She shook her head again and Rob had lost interest in their game. \"What should I call you then if you won't tell me your name?\" he asked, and she shrugged. He sighed, annoyed, and thought for a moment. \"Cricket? Can I call you Cricket?\" She flinched at the name, but seemed to recover. Slowly, she nodded her head. Rob gave her a ghost of a smile. \"Brilliant. Cricket it is.\" She finished, and he took the tray, setting it outside in the hallway for one of the maids. \"Here's the deal, Cricket,\" Rob said as he came back in. \"We'll get you to where ever you want to go, whether that be Colorado, the police, Canada, whatever, but you have to lay low with us for a few days first, understand?\" he said. He went to the bed and grabbed a pair of pillows off of it, dropping them onto the floor. \"Your boy Steve owes us quite a bit of money and we're going to take it. We can't have you getting in the way and messing it up for us, now can we?\" He went to the closet, pulled down the extra blanket on the top shelf. He dropped that next to the pillows. \"So, you're going to stick with me, not cause any trouble, and do as I say. Why? Because I saved your life. And just as quickly as I pulled you from the snake pit, I can just as quickly drop you back in. Are we clear?\" It was an empty threat, of course. He'd never hand her back to her pimp for two reasons; one being he couldn't live with himself if he did, and two, he couldn't live with himself if Khan smashed his brains in next time they met. \"You know he'll come looking for me,\" Cricket said. \"Steve was my best customer and you saw what Khan can do. He has a temper, and a lot of bad friends in bad places.\" \"Yes, well, I've got a temper too,\" Rob muttered, glancing at her. She sat on top of the covers, watching him lay down a make shift bed. Her hands fumbled with the hem of her shirt worriedly. Rob sighed and indicated to her cheek. \"Did Khan do that to you? Or Steve?\" Her fingers went to the bruise. \"Does it matter?\" she asked quietly. Rob went to the edge of the bed. \"Listen, we can help each other out here,\" he said, his voice low. She swallowed thickly. \"You stay with me, don't turn us in, and I'll make sure those men never touch you again.\" She met his gaze and nodded, but Rob could see a flicker of disbelief in her eyes. \"You can have the bed,\" he sighed, \"I'll take the floor.\" He went to the light switch and flicked them off. It was late, and it had been an eventful day. He was exhausted. He settled himself down as best he could on the floor and listened for Cricket. He wasn't totally convinced she wouldn't try and escape in the middle of the night and go to the police; so he waited for her to fall asleep first. Eventually he heard her slide under the covers, toss a bit before settling down. Her breathing grew even and calm but, despite being completely drained, Rob still found it hard to fall asleep. It wasn't until the clock glowed 2:00 AM that he was certain she wouldn't bail in the middle of the night, and he was finally able to settle into a fitful sleep. I wanted to leave him, I needed a reason. \"We have an in,\" Charlie said the next morning at breakfast. They all gathered in his hotel room, picking over the continental breakfast that the waiter wheeled in an hour ago. Rob noticed Cricket didn't eat much, just sipped on the coffee Stella poured and handed to her. She sat on the couch while they all talked around the table, looking inconspicuous, but listening intently. \"We'll cut his cable and wireless and bring in a repairman. Lyle can set us up with a mini cam to get the layout of the house.\" \"That's great and all but who are we going to send in?\" Rob asked, knowing none of them were good enough with disguises to fool Steve. Of their many talents, prosthetics was not one. Charlie jabbed a thumb at Stella, who raised her hand. Rob chuckled. \"No,\" he said, leaning back in his chair, \"No, no, no. She can't do it.\" \"Excuse me?\" Stella asked, right as Charlie said, \"She can.\" Rob thumped Left. \"Back me up here.\" Left shrugged. \"I am actually on board with it. I think Stella can manage and Steve has no idea who she is.\" \"Thank you,\" Stella said. \"Lyle can teach me some jargon before I go in so I sound like I know what I'm doing, right Lyle?\" They all looked at the tech wizard and he hesitated. \"Actually, I'm with Handsome Rob on this one,\" he said and Stella sighed in frustration. \"I mean, of course I'll prep you, but one slip up could arise suspicion. It's a little risky.\" \"Would you rather send in the sex worker?\" Charlie asked with a wave of his hand in Crickets direction, then hastily added. \"No offence.\" \"Some taken.\" Rob frowned, grabbed his jacket from off the table and stood up. \"Where are you going?\" Charlie asked. \"We'll have to get a uniform and a company van to make it legitimate, won't we?\" Rob snapped. They could sit at the table arguing all day about who should be the one to collect video feed of Steve's house, but in the end Charlie would still push for it to be Stella. There was no sense in wasting his breath. \"Napster, get your gear. Cricket let's go.\" Lyle pumped a fist, hissing out a happy, \"Yes!\" Cricket got up from the couch and she and Lyle followed Rob out of Charlie's hotel room, Lyle casting a glance over his shoulder at the rest of the team. Charlie looked annoyed, Left and Stella seemed confused. They stopped by Lyle's room so he could collect his gear, and get a pair of shoes for Cricket. He had the smallest feet of anyone in the group, and his shoes would be the closest fit for her. With a black duffel full of cameras, computers and mics, and a pair of sneakers he handed off to Cricket, Lyle lead the way down into the lobby and through the parking garage to the car. Rob glanced over his shoulder at Cricket, who had fallen behind them a few steps. He lingered back with her, noticing the way she fiddled. \"Something the matter?\" he asked. She looked up at him, a little stone faced. \"I know I'm being paranoid, but I'm not sure if this is a good idea.\" \"If what's a good idea?\" She gave him an annoyed look and Rob brushed it off with dismissive wave of his hand. \"I told you, you're safe with us.\" \"You're oddly optimistic about all this,\" she murmured, \"I'm not sure you really know what you're getting yourself into.\" \"Love, I'm about to steal millions in gold bars from a backstabbing traitor. I spent eighteen months in federal prison for breaking probation and leading a host of officers on a cross country high speed chase, because I was bored on a Wednesday afternoon. I don't exactly pray among the saints if you catch my drift.\" \"Will you two hurry up?\" Lyle called as he finished loading his gear into the car. He closed the trunk and went to the passenger side and climbed in. Rob opened the backseat door for her. \"I may not make completely rational decisions, but I am a man of my word,\" he said while she slid into the car. She didn't say anything back, but there was that look again. That look of dubiety. \"Besides,\" he added, \"We're just shadowing today. You won't even have to get out of the car.\" He shut the door after her and went around to the driver's side. They pulled out onto the street, maneuvering through the thick traffic of downtown Los Angeles. Cricket sat quietly, Lyle wouldn't shut up, and Rob moodily considered the number of bad choices he had made within the last few weeks, least of all being agreeing to ruin Steve's life. He hadn't been exaggerating when he told her he ran with a rough crowd. Perhaps it was time for a career change. He was thirty, after all. \"What's the name of the cable company again?\" Rob asked, trying to distract himself from thoughts of how dishonest yet strangely satisfying his life had turned out. Lyle checked his notes. \"Netcom Cable. Any idea where their headquarters are at?\" he directed to Cricket in the backseat. \"Actually, yes,\" she said, \"Their main office is off Sepulveda Boulevard.\" \"How do you know that?\" \"Khan splits his operations between the motel and a warehouse on that same boulevard. I pass that office building on an almost nightly basis.\" \"Oh,\" Lyle said. Rob glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw a smirk flicker across Cricket's face, amused by Lyle's sudden discomfort at her morally ambiguous past. Ironic, that Lyle didn't bat an eye at hacking online bank accounts, but sexual exploits crossed the line. Then again, he was always uncomfortable with anything that had to do women. She caught his gaze in the mirror and her features turned grim. There was a sudden challenge in her eyes. A challenge for Rob to keep his promise. They would be in Khan's territory; the perfect opportunity for him to take Cricket back and beat Rob to a pulp. He wasn't worried though; it's not like they were going to parade down the boulevard. Just linger long enough to gather information and then they would be gone before Khan ever knew his missing girl was only a few blocks away. They pulled into the parking garage of Netcom's main office twenty minutes later. Lyle set up his camera and they waited, watching workers in blue uniforms come and go in white vans. After a few minutes, they got a target. \"Becky. Nice name. I wonder what she calls the other one,\" Lyle said, snapping some pictures. Cricket leaned forward to get a better look are the girl, Lyle and Rob talking around her. Rob grabbed his jacket off the dashboard and opened the car door. \"Where are you going?\" Lyle and Cricket asked together. \"To get the work shirt and service truck,\" Rob said, like it was the most obvious thing in the world. \"Whoa, wait,\" Lyle said, nodding to Cricket, \"What about her?\" \"What about her?\" \"I'm not going to babysit your advocacy project while you go get laid!\" \"She won't be any trouble,\" Rob said, eyes flickering to Cricket, \"Will you?\" She shook her head no. \"See? Just keep out of sight and you'll be fine. I'll meet you two back at the hotel tomorrow morning. Don't wait up.\" He winked and closed the door, sliding on his jacket and striding over to the service girl named Becky. \"I don't believe this,\" Lyle said, bewildered and annoyed. He zoomed the camera in closer and took on frighteningly accurate impressions of Rob and Becky. \"...Perfect, would you like my virginity as well?\" he said in falsetto, and answered in an uncanny likeness to Rob's deep English accent, \"If it's on the menu.\" He continued until Rob and Becky exited the garage. He sighed, turning to Cricket. \"And that's why they call him Handsome Rob,\" he said, his voice returning to normal. She rolled her eyes but smiled despite herself and climbed into the front seat of the car now that Rob was no longer occupying it. Lyle began packing up his things. \"So...Cricket's not your real name,\" he said. \"No.\" \"What is?\" She looked at him and gave a harsh chuckle, dripping with sarcasm. \"I don't think so,\" she said, \"The last time I gave a strange man my name I was tossed into the trunk of a car and driven across state lines.\" The laugh in Lyle's throat quickly died when he realized she wasn't joking. He cleared his throat. \"Sorry, I just...wow.\" He cleared his throat again and a few seconds of silence passed between them. It wasn't long before Lyle talked again though, silences never lasted long with him. \"If you don't mind me asking, why did you agree to go along with this? I mean, you're essentially an accomplice to larceny. You could get in serious trouble.\" \"I was already in serious trouble when Rob found me,\" she sighed, \"And anyways, Stella was right. Sticking with you guys is my best bet to getting back home.\" \"What if we don't keep up our end of the bargain? We are criminals after all.\" She looked at him, studying his face. \"I suppose that's a chance I'm willing to take. That, or I can go to the police.\" Lyle laughed. \"The police are nothing but a monkey act in uniforms,\" he said, obviously not fazed by her threat. He grabbed his stuff and tossed it into the back, then climbed out and walked around to the driver's side, pulling open the door and indicating for Cricket to get out. \"I'll drive.\" They switched seats and Cricket buckled her belt, sighing. \"Anything was better than what I was doing before,\" she said, so quietly Lyle struggled to hear her. \"Anything is better than Khan.\" Lyle sighed, running his hands over the steering wheel. He looked at her, forcing a smile, trying to lift the dark mood in the car. \"Let's get out of here,\" he said, putting the car in gear. \"We can get you some decent clothes that actually fit.\" He poisoned the well. Cricket sat across the table from Rob in his hotel room. She watched while he cut a copy of Becky's truck keys into a blank key with slow precision. \"Where did you learn how to do this?\" she asked. \"I've been interested in cars since I was a boy,\" Rob muttered, concentrating on the cutting. \"Anything with a steering wheel and engine actually, but mostly cars. I had a massive Hot Wheels collection; loads of limited editions. I started hanging around the garages when I was eight, learning to rebuild engines, one eighty park, hotwire, cut keys, so on. Eventually I sold all those limited editions and bought my first car, fixed it up, and have been driving ever since. I guess I just love every aspect and detail about them, down to the stitching of the leather or…\" He popped the half-finished key out of its clasp and held it up for Cricket to see. \"The teeth on the keys.\" He smiled and indicated to the saw. \"This, I built myself. Doesn't quite finesse the depths and spaces like professional code cutters, but it gets the job done. The saw here,\" He pointed, \"…is driven by this rubber bit. The motor I took off an old sewing machine.\" He finished sawing down the rest of the key as he continued. \"Eight year old me always wanted to be a race car driver. I guess if I wasn't busy stealing gold and saving Charlie's arse, that's what I would be doing instead…\" He let the sentence trail off, realizing he had been rambling. He could talk mechanics for hours, but he was well aware that other people didn't share his passion for cars. He glanced at Cricket. She didn't seem to mind, but Rob had embarrassed himself enough as it was. He didn't elaborate further. After a while, Cricket spoke. \"I wanted to be an architect,\" she said. \"That's what I wanted to go to college for. I always found the design of buildings very fascinating. If I could, I would travel to Italy or France just to sketch all that beautiful Baroque styled architecture.\" \"I've been to Italy, it's beautiful there.\" Rob glanced up at her and smiled. She smiled back—open and relaxed, not like the usual stoic and guarded features she kept carefully placed on the surface. He felt at ease too, like he was no longer walking on egg shells around her. Her eyes flickered over his face, and her smile slowly dropped, seeming to sense the change between them. She leaned back in her chair, away from Rob, and there was that blank face again, quietly slipping over her vulnerable self. \"Well, maybe someday,\" she said passively. Rob nodded. Constantly hiding behind his own mask of sarcasm and subtle malice, he could understand Cricket's reason for keeping people at a distance. That one look into her personal self—however brief—was enough for him. He blew the dust off the key and looped it onto a key ring for Stella, then began dismantling the cutter and putting it away. \"I'm curious,\" he said after a moment, \"What happened between design school and…\" He indicated to the whole of her as an explanation. \"And selling myself?\" she asked and he nodded. She sighed. \"A few stupid mistakes, some desperation and enough fear to keep me under Khan's thumb.\" \"I just don't see how a girl like you ends up in nasty business like this.\" She scoffed at him. \"Wait—a girl like me? Nasty business like this? Those are large assumptions coming from a glorified gateway driver.\" \"So, enlighten me.\" He shoved his tool bag into the closet, then joined her back at the table. She regarded him coolly. \"Why do I get the feeling you just want to know about Steve?\" she asked and he shrugged his reply. He wouldn't deny it. She narrowed her gaze at him but he kept his features placid. \"Well you'll be disappointed to know that I actually liked Steve. Very much. He was one of the few that didn't treat me like…like complete trash. He always paid well and sometimes he would bring me things; diamond earrings, lingerie, flowers…\" Her gaze drifted to the table top, staring at a dent in the wood. \"Afterwards we'd lay there and just…talk. He wanted to know about Colorado and my family. He'd tell me stories of places he'd travel to. I think he was lonely. It was a little sad…\" She looked up at Rob, gauging his reaction. A few sympathetic words weren't going to change his mind about Steve. He crossed his arms over his chest. \"So some expensive gifts justifies getting the shit beat out of you?\" he asked, indicating to the bruise on her cheek. She frowned, her eyes blazing fiercely. \"You're blinded by your own personal grudge. This was Khan's handywork. I told you he had a temper.\" \"Nasty business then; I rest my case.\" \"You—you have no idea what it's like,\" she spat, standing up. \"And stop pretending like you're so much better than I am. We aren't that different, but at least I know that I'm bottom rung. Y-you act like, like thieving and philandering is some short of game and some how you're winning? But you're not. You're a loser. You're a loser like Steve and Khan and me.\" He stood up too, fast enough to knock the back of the chair against the wall. She shied back against the wall, spooked, but trying not to show it. He stood there a moment, breathing heavily, mind reeling, but no words coming out of his mouth despite wanting desperately to tell her off. \"You think you're so heroic; that you saved the poor prostitute from a life a misery,\" Cricket said, her voice low. \"But you didn't. You pulled me from the snake pit and dropped me in the rat's nest. Well…well done.\" He glared at her, then crossed the room in two strides and yanked open the door, being sure to slam it behind him. He marched down the hall to the elevator, pressing—or rather, punching—the button for the ground floor. He didn't care anymore. He didn't care if she ran from the hotel and got picked up by her pimp, or the police. He didn't care if she ran to Steve and told him everything they had been planning. She was no longer his problem. He took a seat at the hotel bar, wondering how the night had taken such a drastic turn. He sighed, ordered an Old Fashioned, and tried to not let her words get to him. And yet, he couldn't stop hearing her call him a loser. Maye her words bothered him so much because there was some truth buried in them. He never took anything seriously. He'd been sent to prison three times in his life and treated each of them like a vacation from the rest of the world. He slept with countless women and forgot their names the next morning because he didn't care. The only reason he remembered Becky's was because it was stitched on her shirt. His closest friends were criminals who operated on the notion that they were somehow a cut above the people they stole from but, as Cricket so eloquently pointed out, that moral superiority didn't exist in their line of work. Rob sighed again, finishing his drink and ordering another one. After an hour or so of lingering at the bar, untangling his thoughts and mulling over their fight, he reluctantly made his way back to his hotel room. He paused outside the door, dreading the fact that he would open it, find the room empty, and then have to go explain to Charlie that he scared away the one thing he was supposed to keep close. He opened the door to find the lights off. He could make out Cricket's form, sleeping on top of the bed covers. Feeling relieved and regretful and run down, he sighed and sunk down on to his pile of blankets on the floor, not bothering to change out of his slacks and button down. I knew from the first Old Fashioned we were cursed. There was a reason people slept on beds and not the ground; floors were unbelievably uncomfortable, and the one in his hotel room was no exception. Rob was up early, and, unable to get back to sleep, he changed and walked down the hall to Charlie's room. \"There's a park across the street with a court.\" \"Give me a few minutes.\" Charlie closed the door on him, but a moment later, reopened it wearing a pair of sweats. He rubbed the sleep from his eyes and they both headed for the elevator. Outside the hotel, dawn was breaking in a haze of grey and blue morning light. Charlie and Rob crossed the empty play ground to the basketball court, Charlie bending down to retrieve a ball and toss it to Rob. \"You know I went back to London after the Italian job.\" Rob panted, twenty minutes after they started their pickup game. Despite the cool morning, a sheen of sweat had formed on his brow. \"Yeah,\" Charlie said. \"I went to visit my mum.\" \"How's she doing?\" Charlie said, toeing the free throw line. He shot, and the ball arched through the air and bounced off the rim. \"Good; the home is good for her,\" Rob said, catching the ball and sending it back to Charlie for another try. \"But I couldn't stop thinking about that day in the Alps. I was so stupid, if I had just kept driving, even if I had sent us into the water two minutes sooner, then maybe we would still have the gold. Maybe John would still be alive. I froze when Steve had that gun aimed at me and I'm sorry, Charlie.\" \"We were all in shock Rob, no one knew what to do.\" \"Stella is the one I should be apologizing too,\" Rob murmured. \"Knock it off, will you?\" Charlie said, passing Rob the ball a little forcefully. \"We were all there that day, we all could've done something different, but we didn't. We're here now so there's no use kicking ourselves over what might have been.\" Rob ran his hands around the basketball. \"You're right, I know, but I wanted you know that I'm sorry. You and John were closer than any of the rest of us.\" Rob bounced the ball back to Charlie, who attempted another free throw. The ball sunk through the net effortlessly. Charlie sighed. \"Before we left, John advised me to retire,\" Charlie said and gave a half-hearted chuckle, \"He said I should find something and hold onto it. He would roll over in his grave if he could see what we were doing now.\" \"His dying wish but you still have to do it your way, don't you? Christ, you're a stubborn wanker,\" Rob teased, grinning. Charlie smiled, feinted around him and ran the ball up court for a layup. Rob shook his head. \"Some people were made for the picket fence life, just not us.\" There was something appealing about John's notion of retirement. A steady income from a corporate job, a family and a home to return to every night, a wife to kiss good morning, but Rob wasn't that type of man. Stability had never been part of his vocabulary. It was a nice idea but didn't bode well for reality. They passed the ball back and forth a few more times, each taking a turn shooting and playing defense. The sun finally peaked over the horizon and burned off the cool morning air, and the two decided it was time to head back to the hotel. Today was pivotal for them; Stella would be entering Steve's house for the video blueprint. \"How's Cricket doing?\" Charlie asked as they walked back to their rooms. \"Fine.\" \"Really? Because you two were going at it last night,\" Charlie said and Rob flinched. \"Are you sure everything is okay?\" \"Of course it is,\" Rob said gruffly, \"What's your problem with her anyways?\" \"No problem,\" Charlie said lightly as they entered the elevator and he pushed the button for their floor. \"I just don't trust her. She's the closest thing Steve has to a friend, and I can't believe she hasn't run off to him yet. She agreed to come with us pretty willingly…a little too willingly.\" \"She tried to escape out an eighth story bathroom window,\" Rob reminded him. Charlie shrugged. \"Just keep your eye on her. I'll sleep better once all this is over.\" Rob entered his hotel room. The bed was empty but he could hear Cricket in the bathroom. He flipped on the little complimentary coffee maker on the table and brewed two cups. He offered her a steaming mug when she came out. \"A peace offering,\" he said and she took the coffee from him. \"And an apology. I shouldn't have made assumptions, I'm sorry.\" She looked at him then took a sip and sighed. \"No, it's fine. I got carried away and said some things I shouldn't have. It's been a lot to take in the last few days, and I don't really know any of you, and I know you all hate Steve but I know a different side of him, so it's hard to understand why you're doing this,\" she said, sinking down onto the bed. He sat down next to her and she sighed again, looking at him. \"I didn't mean what I said, last night. You could have left me in that motel room, but you didn't. I've been searching for every reason to leave Khan, but finding every excuse not to, and then you show up and whisk me away from all of it—literally. So…thank you.\" Rob smiled. It was the most he had heard her speak since they met. He lifted his mug, and she tapped hers against his. \"You're welcome,\" he said, and took a sip. \"Last night, I thought you would leave.\" \"I almost did,\" she said, hands curled around her cup, \"But, we had a deal. Besides, it's a swanky hotel room and I like the free mini bar.\" Rob smirked, nodded. They finished their coffee in silence. \"I'm taking a shower,\" Rob said, standing up, \"Stella's going into Steve's house today, so we'll be watching and listening from the surveillance van.\" Cricket nodded, and Rob grabbed a towel from the closet and went into the bathroom. Never had a shotgun shot in the dark. Cricket watched while Rob and Charlie loaded weights into the back of Stella's Mini. After the infiltration of Steve's house, which went surprisingly smooth, Charlie had the brilliant (or ludicrous, Cricket wasn't sure yet) idea to use three vintage Mini Coops to haul the gold from Steve's vault. Stella volunteered to drive the dry run and after securing an empty warehouse and setting up a model of Steve's house, they were ready to get the video feed to Lyle. According to him, everything worked in theory until science could back it up. He would take the dimensions of the Coop, and the blueprints Stella had retrieved from the house, and run them through a simulation, just to be sure. Charlie and Rob shut the trunk, Rob patted the top of the car and the two of them moved to stand next to Cricket and Left Ear. \"Okay,\" Rob said, \"You're good to go.\" Stella put the car into gear and smirked, flipping the car around easily and looking completely in her element. They all watched her drive the length of the garage, skidding around the tight corners and bouncing over the mocks stairs. The car listed too much with the added weights, and the back tires sunk too low to clear the drops, but even with the minor set backs, Stella breezed through the course. \"Wow,\" Cricket murmured, \"Impressive. I can't even drive stick.\" Rob looked at her. \"Really?\" She nodded. \"I mean, I was taken at sixteen. It would be a miracle if I could remember how to drive at all.\" \"Well, we'll have to fix that, won't we?\" Rob said. Before she could object, Stella screeched to a stop in front of them. She climbed out, looking beautifully smug, and tossed Rob the keys, who only pretended to be annoyed half-heartedly. He looked fairly impressed. Charlie, however, was all business. \"We'll need more cars to handle the weight,\" he sighed. \"Looks like I'm going to need some help with the custom work too,\" Rob said. \"I know a man for the job.\" Left had a grin on his face that was akin to a little boy on Christmas morning. \"Damn girl,\" he said with a laugh and Stella gave him a high five. \"Okay, I'll get Lyle set up so he can run the numbers. Left, Stella, you guys find me two more Coops. Rob, you to get your guy down here and we'll see what he can do.\" \"Now?\" Left asked. \"Yes, now.\" \"He'll want a cut,\" Rob said. \"Fine, but no more than one percent of the haul.\" Rob shrugged, glanced at Cricket and indicated for her to follow him. She did, and they left the warehouse to the car parked around back. \"So, who is this guy you know?\" she asked, sliding into the passenger side and buckling up. \"He calls himself Wrench. A really skilled mechanic I met a few years back whose home base happens to be downtown Los Angeles. He does some of the best body work I've ever seen, in fact, there's only one other person I know who does better work than him.\" \"Who?\" \"Me.\" Rob looked at her a grinned and she rolled her eyes, glancing out the window as they drove. They didn't talk again until they pulled up to the garage fifteen minutes later, fairly good time for peak traffic. The shop was big and spacious, with a number of vintage cars littering the back lot. Rob lead the way inside. \"Wrench?\" he asked the front desk man, who jabbed a thumb over his shoulder. Cricket followed Rob through the back of the shop, past mechanics removing tire lug nuts and mounting cars on lifts. They barely looked up as she and Rob crossed the garage and passed through vinyl strip curtains. \"Wrench,\" Rob called to the man who was bent over BMW 507 Roadster, carefully sanding the body. He glanced up and grinned, his teeth like a string of pearls against dark skin. \"Handsome Rob,\" he greeted lightly and the two embraced. \"Wrench this is Cricket, Cricket, Wrench,\" Rob introduced, \"Listen, I'm in town for a few days and I've got a job for you. Interested?\" \"What kind of job?\" \"Just some body work on three Mini's.\" Wrench nodded, considering. He indicated to the car he was working on. \"I'm on a tight deadline with this bad boy. How soon do you need me?\" \"As soon as possible. Preferably now,\" Rob said, raising his voice to be heard over the whir of the drills coming from the main shop. Wrench groaned. \"I run a business now Handsome,\" he said, \"You can't keep coming in here expecting me to drop everything when you need help. I've got customers and deadlines and employees to look after! We can't all freelance our jobs like you.\" Cricket shot Rob a look. She wouldn't exactly call thieving \"freelance\" work. \"I'll make it worth your while,\" Rob replied, sounding bored. It was evident this was not the first time they had had this conversation. Wrench sighed again, giving Rob a contemptuous look. Then his eyes roamed over to Cricket. \"Is that why you brought this piece of eye candy? To entice me?\" Rob frowned, brows furrowing. \"Oi, show some respect,\" he chastised, then added, \"And yes it was.\" Cricket's head snapped around to look at him, mouth open, shocked and annoyed. He looked at her and shrugged. Wrench pursed his lips, weighing his options. \"Alright,\" he finally said, \"But not today. I'll work through the night to get the Roadster done and meet you tomorrow morning. But that's it. This is the last time, Handsome. Start calling in and making an appointment like a normal person.\" \"Sure thing Wrench,\" Rob winked. \"You're the best.\" \"Damn straight I am,\" Wrench called after them. Rob and Cricket left the mechanic shop. They drove down Pico Boulevard back towards the warehouse with the windows down. Cricket watched the store fronts breeze by, hair waving around her face from the wind. Rob glanced in the rear view mirror, watching as a nice looking Porsche pulled out behind them. \"Did I ever tell you about my first job?\" Rob asked. \"I was hired as a gateway driver for a couple of mediocre criminals wanting to hit up a small bank. Terrible pay, but I thought it would be a nice challenge.\" Cricket glanced at him, running a hand through her tangled hair. She looked curious, if not a little puzzled at his sudden willingness to share this story with her. \"Two guys on the job,\" Rob continued. \"After they got their cash, they hopped into the back seat and I took off. We had half a dozen police officers on us within a minute. So, I'm up front focusing on the road, spinning through lights, drifting around corners—the works—and all of a sudden I hear gagging and I look back and one of them had thrown up all over the backseat. The bugger got car sick in the middle of a high-speed chase. What did he expect, Driving Miss Daisy?\" Cricket grinned. Rob glanced up at the rear view again, eyeing the cars behind them and frowning slightly. He wasn't sure exactly why he was telling her this. Maybe he just wanted to see her entertained, before she was terrified again. She was always so unsure, so guarded, so cautious, and for once, Rob wanted to make that go away, if only for a few seconds. \"I can't exactly stop, now can I?\" he said. \"I have six cops on my tail, two robbers in the back seat, and someone's lunch sliding around the floor of the car. I don't know what he had, but it smelled something terrible because I couldn't eat for two days after. We got away eventually, but I dropped that car off at the junkyard the moment I was able.\" Rob blew through a yellow light. \"Weren't we supposed to turn there?\" Cricket asked, pointing as they passed their intersection. Rob frowned. \"We're taking an alternate route,\" he said. \"Why?\" Rob didn't answer but continued to check the reflection in the rear view. Cricket twisted around in her seat to see what he was looking at, but it was just a line of cars behind them, typical city traffic. The story had been a nice distraction, but now he needed her help. \"Do you see that Porsche 911?\" Rob asked, and about three cars behind them, she could make out the sleek silver of the two door sport. \"I think we're being followed.\" He glanced at her, and her brows drew together. \"Do you recognize the car?\" he asked. They would have known if Steve caught onto their plan, Lyle had been tracking his every phone conversation, so whoever was in the car was not looking for Rob or the rest of the team. They were looking for Cricket. Her expression turned worried, uncertain. \"N-no,\" she said, looking at it again. \"And I can't see the driver. Khan favors big SUV types, like Range Rovers, but it could be any number of his lackeys, or one of the popcorns, or another girl doing his dirty work. Are you certain they're following us? They—They're not going the same direction?\" Rob shook his head no. He knew what tailing looked like, he had done it enough in his own crime career. \"I don't know, I don't think I've ever seen that car before—\" Her voice quivered. Her sentences broke and stumbled over themselves whenever she was worked up, Rob had noticed. He reached over, laying a hand on her arm and silencing her. \"Listen, we're going to be fine,\" he said, and John's acronym for the word popped up in his mind. \"You forget who's in the driver's seat, love. I've been losing tails since I was eighteen. I'll get us out of this.\" She nodded mutely, her eyes wide. Panic was written on her usually molded face, open and vulnerable and frightened. She couldn't close herself off from the fear of ending up back in that motel room because the possibility was all too real right now. She couldn't manage a brave face. Rob returned both hands to the steering wheel, maneuvering around traffic and cutting through a side street. He needed more open road if he was going to lose the Porsche. As suspected, the silver sports car wound around the standstill traffic to follow them. Cricket watched out the back. \"Please don't—\" \"I won't,\" Rob interrupted, knowing exactly what she wanted to say. Please don't let them take me. And he wouldn't. He shifted the car smoothly, keeping under the speed limit until he found a window of opportunity for a chase. The rental car they were in couldn't outpace the Porsche, but he could probably out maneuver them if he found the right place to do so. He looked at Cricket, who couldn't seem to calm down. She kept twisting around in her seat, a bundle of frightened energy that wouldn't subside, like a flighty bird. \"Sit down,\" Rob ordered, \"Face forward. I can't have you being thrown around while I'm taking corners at fifty miles an hour.\" She did as she was told, taking a breath and adjusting her seatbelt. \"That's it,\" Rob said, \"Forget about them. You're about to witness me burn rubber in a truly spectacular fashion.\" He looked at her, grinning wickedly. She managed a weak smile at his attempt to ease her. \"It's amazing to me how you manage to stay so egotistical at a time like this,\" she stuttered, and Rob's grin grew wider. If she could find it in herself to tease him back, then her thoughts weren't solely focused on the Porsche that was following them. Good, he needed her to have a clear head if they were going to get out of this one. \"You trust me, don't you?\" Rob asked as he turned another corner. They neared the less crowded parts of the city. His hand hovered over the gear shift. He body felt like it was buzzing; itching and ready to throw the car into gear and slam on the gas. \"If I have to.\" \"You do.\" \"Then yes.\" Rob sped up, yanked the brake back, released it, and cranked the wheel. He flipped a hundred and eighty degrees, turning clear around on the two way street and double backing on the Porsche. He was vaguely aware of Cricket clutching onto the armrest, pressed back in her seat. He fed the engine and the car responded, speeding down another street. The Porsche managed to keep up, pulling a wide one eighty after them. Whoever the driver was, they had some experience. Rob looked at Cricket. She had her eyes shut and he laughed. One hand still clutched the arm rest, the other went to the grab handle. Rob glanced at their tail. No one had fired shots at them, which meant they must have been under order to only track and not engage. He swerved down an industrial road; parked semis, empty lots, tall factory buildings, parking garages and loading docks. A playground of cement and manufacturing that they could get lost in. The Porsche closed the gap between them, gaining with steady speed. Rob pushed their car faster, but Porsche kept up. They rammed the back of their car and Rob fought the steering wheel straight. Cricket screamed and they were jerked against the safety belts. Rob flipped the car off the road, through the open basement of one of the buildings. He weaved between the cement columns and breached the other side. Rob spotted a line of loading docks, each with semi's parked next to them. The window of opportunity. He looked for an open trailer. The Porsche rose out from the basement after them. Rob cut across the lot, circling the main manufacturing plant, trying to find a way to circle back behind the Porsche. He cut through a pair of warehouses, reappearing on the other side of the loading docks. He cut the steering wheel, flipped the gear into reverse and shot backwards up a loading ramp, into the open empty trailer bay of a semi, and jerked to a stop. \"Kill the engine!\" he snapped, jumping out of the car. Cricket reached over and yanked the key out of the ignition. Rob kicked the ramps off the trailer, and pulled each door closed with a grinding bang. A second later, he heard the soft rumble of the Porsche go by. They were bathed in darkness inside the semi's trailer. It was quiet and hot from the sun beating down while it sat parked. Rob waited a few minutes, sweat forming on his face and the back of his neck. It was a good plan if they managed to stay hidden, but if the trailer doors were opened they would be sitting ducks for the divers of the Porsche. Rob felt his way back to the car, squeezing back into the driver's seat. The rental car was barley a few feet sorter than the width of the trailer. \"We lost them,\" Rob said. He couldn't see Cricket, but he could hear her uneven panting. \"Are you okay?\" A pause and then: \"Yes.\" Rob nodded. \"We'll lay low in here for a while and then ditch the rental.\" She didn't say anything. The trailer was stifling, stuffy, but they couldn't risk opening the doors to let air in. The waited in silence as the minutes ticked by. After some time, Cricket spoke. \"Thank you,\" she said, her voice muffled in the darkness. She sounded odd, Rob wished he could see her face, but he could imagine her hands picking at the hem of her shirt. He didn't reply and again beats of quiet passed before she continued. \"I was hitch hiking,\" she said suddenly. \"I made it all the way to Hatch, New Mexico before he picked me up. I had been gone from home a month or so, and I was just starting to get the hang of being a vagabond, you know? I thought it was such a great life experience; meeting strangers and exploring the country on foot,\" She gave a strangled laugh. \"Christ, I was so stupid…I'm on the side of the road and he pulls over and offers me a ride and already I'm thinking to myself 'Not this guy. Wait for another car' but it was a hundred degrees at high noon and against my better judgment I accepted. He gets out, really charming and personable, and offers to put my backpack in the trunk…\" A tiny river of sweat ran down Rob's back, between his shoulder blades. He could feel himself holding his breath, trying to catch every word of hers in the darkness. He wanted so badly to see her expression, but he also had a feeling that's exactly why she was telling him this now; because he wouldn't be able to see the weakness in her eyes. \"He asks for my name and I tell him and he smiles and the next thing I know I'm being forced into the trunk and he's shutting the lid on me\" she continued, \"In broad daylight.\" She paused for a moment and Rob wondered if she was going to finish. His hands drifted to the steering wheel, tightening around the hot leather, needing something to ground himself to. An ugly fury reared its head inside his chest, filling him with disgust. \"My first customer was an old man who said that I remined him of his granddaughter. Khan told him he could do whatever he wanted with me.\" Rob swallowed thickly, at a loss for words. He struggled to keep his breathing under control, struggled to keep his hands from shaking with white hot rage. \"Why did you tell me that?\" he growled. \"I don't know,\" Cricket said softly. He reached for her, his hand finding her shoulder. He felt her turn towards him and his fingers went to her face, taking her chin and drawing her nearer to him. He was surprised to find her cheeks dry. How she could repeat a story like that with such nonchalance was beyond him. He had such a blind hate building inside of him for Khan and the injustice and the loss of Cricket's innocence, and it turmoiled inside him with hot headed recklessness. He wanted to fight something, to yell, to burst from that trailer and drive as far and as fast as he could away from this place. From this job. Cricket reached her hand up, fingers wrapping around his wrist, soft and warm and steady. She pulled his hand back, shifting away from him. Rob sighed, letting the anger slip from his veins but not forgetting how it felt. He didn't offer sympathy because he knew she wouldn't take it. \"Come on,\" he murmured and opened the car door. He listened for a moment, just to be sure, before opening the trailer doors. Brilliant sunlight streamed in and he blinked away the burning sensation in his eyes. Fresh air whooshed through the open door. He jumped down, then turned to help Cricket climb out of the trailer. She put her hands on his shoulders and he took her waist. He fought the urge to let his hands linger at her sides. He glanced around the factory plant. \"Leave the rental here,\" he said, \"We need to find a car I can hotwire. We'll tell Charlie what happened, then keep our heads down in the hotel room for the rest of the night. Alright?\" He looked at her and she nodded. It was the great escape, the prison break. \"Will you calm down? Stella's with her,\" Charlie said from across the warehouse, slightly annoyed. \"Since when did my premiere wheelman turn into an overly protective, glorified babysitter?\" Rob shot him a look. \"You weren't there Charlie,\" he said, \"She was really frightened, and that Porsche came out of nowhere.\" \"She'll…be…fine.\" Rob frowned, and Charlie lifted a brow. A warning; Rob was letting his emotions get the best of him and he needed to stop before he was too invested. Charlie let the topic drop and Rob went back to working on the red Mini. Ever since they had been chased by the Porsche, Rob couldn't help a slightly paranoid and overly cautious streak that had taken up residence in the back of his mind. He kept Cricket close the following days, moving only between the hotel to sleep and the warehouse to work. She seemed to be sharing in his paranoia too, because she was much more agreeable and willing to sacrifice what little freedom she had with the team. She was content to sit and watch Rob and Wrench work on the Coopers. Finally, Stella had convinced them to ease their sudden rigidity to let Cricket go with her to pick up lunch. Though hesitant, Cricket finally gave in and they left some twenty minutes ago. Rob finally relaxed when they returned with sandwiches. Cricket came to stand next to Rob while he finished up on the red Mini, and Stella passed around lunch. Wrench stopped and looked up, pulling up his welders' mask. \"We didn't get a chance to meet,\" he directed to Stella, \"Wrench.\" The smile on his face could give Handsome Rob's own knee buckling million dollar grin a run for it's money, but Stella was unfazed. Rob glanced over his shoulder at the two, knowing already how this conversation was going to end. Stella smirked, dropping a wrapped sandwich into his hand and replying, \"Ham and cheese.\" \"Oh, that's cold, damn that's cold...\" Wrench sighed, watching Stella walk away. She handed Rob a sandwich, then went to Left and Charlie on the other side of the warehouse, where Left was talking Charlie through the explosives they had available to them for the job. Rob unwrapped his sandwich, handing Cricket half. \"How much longer before they're done?\" Cricket asked, indicating to the red Mini. \"This one's done,\" Rob said, \"The other two have a bit more work before they're ready,\" he said, biting into the sandwich. Something about those few minutes inside the trailer had changed the dynamic between Rob and Cricket. They were suddenly more understanding and comfortable and more open with each other. From strangers, to unlikely allies, to cautious friends. It was strange but welcomed. It had been years since Rob had felt this easy with another person and given the short time they had known each other made it even more odd. But Cricket had shared something deeply personal, something she had spent years burying and had to dig up just to share with him, and Rob found comfort in that. It felt good to be needed and trusted. He had spent years keeping people at a safe, platonic distance, he almost forgot what it felt like. Rob glanced over at her, watching her eat. Telling him her story had not been an easy thing, he knew. She had waited until they were alone in the trailer, until the very last moment came when she wasn't sure if they would make it out or if she would be dragged back to Khan. She didn't give it up easily, and Rob surprised himself in caring so much about it. \"Hop in the Mini,\" Rob said, crumpling up the wrapper to the sandwich. \"Where are we going?\" \"Not far,\" Rob replied cryptically and climbed into the driver's seat. He started the engine and backed up to where Stella, Left and Charlie were. He rolled down the window and leaned out. \"Mini's done,\" he said, \"We're taking it for a test run.\" Charlie nodded and Rob shifted the car into first gear, driving out the open garage door and circling around to the empty back lot. He parked, climbed out, rounded the car and opened Cricket's door. \"It's time you learned stick,\" he said with a smirk. Cricket glanced at his face, pursing her lips, but got out despite looking wary. She circled to the driver's seat. \"Brilliant,\" Rob said, buckling up. \"There's nothing significantly harder about driving a manual compared to an automatic, it just takes practice and a bit more concentration, but it's bloody fun.\" Cricket nodded her head and clicked her seat belt into place. \"You've got your clutch there on the end, brake in the middle and gas on the right. Go ahead and press the clutch all the way down with your left foot. There, that's it. Now release it slowly...you're feeling for when the clutch engages. Feel it?\" \"I think so.\" \"You're going to press the clutch in…all the way down…and to move forward, you're going give it a little gas and at the same time release the clutch slowly. Not yet! We're still in neutral. Give it a little gas, up to about fifteen hundred RPM,\" Rob reached over and moved the gear shift, \"Now ease off the clutch. Ease. I said ease!\" The car bucked forward, Cricket yelped and slammed both feet onto the brake. Rob laughed. \"Do it again.\" \"No.\" \"Do it. You came off the clutch too fast.\" She tried again, and the car jerked again. \"You're forgetting about those last two inches on the clutch. You feel it give and think that it's ready, but you've got to take it all the way up. Again, slowly, wait till you feel the biting point, give it gas, release it all the way.\" Rob glanced at her. Her hands were practically wringing the wheel, and her face was pinched in concentration. He smiled, and was jerked against the belt when the car stalled. She tried a few more times, managing to get the car going but each time with a sharp kick. \"I'm letting it off slowly!\" she snapped. \"Not enough at the end there!\" \"Stop yelling!\" \"I'm not yelling, you're not listening!\" \"I'm not listening because you keep yelling!\" Rob looked at her, lips pursed. She glared back at him, and Rob reminded himself to be patient. He smiled, making his voice sweet. \"I'm watching you do it, love. You're not easing.\" She looked at him, giving him a closed lipped smile that was soured with sarcasm. \"Darling, I'm doing my best,\" she said, her voice mockingly light. Rob grinned and held his hand up. \"Listen, I want your foot to go as fast or as slow as my hand goes, alright? Match the speeds.\" Rob began to move his hand and she mimicked the motion with her foot. \"Give it a bit of gas, slowly off the clutch…slower, all the way now, that's it! Yes! Now into second. Yes!\" She shifted, a grin splitting across her face at the smooth transition. She looped the empty lot, keeping a steady, but hesitant pace. \"See?\" Rob said, \"It's not difficult, just more to think about between the clutch and switching gears and making sure you're giving it gas.\" The car jerked to an awkward stop. Cricket looked over at him. \"Are we done with driving lessons?\" she said, her voice hinting at annoyance, but her smile saying something different. It was time they had some light-hearted fun. Between fixing the Coops, worrying about Khan, and hating Steve, Rob had forgotten to let loose a little. It seemed Cricket had too. The play was well deserved, but now it was time to get back to work. \"Alright then,\" Rob said, and they climbed out, switching. \"You did good. A bit more practice and you could be driving as well as Stella.\" Cricket snorted. \"Doubtful, but thanks for the confidence boost.\" The light of freedom on my face. Rob dropped the keys to the white Mini on the table as he entered the hotel room. All three cars were finished, and they had taken them for a test run through the dried-up river bed of the LA River. An actual test drive, this time. They ran beautifully, not that Rob ever doubted they wouldn't. Wrench knew his cars and Rob knew his gateways, and together they managed to fix up three lightweight Mini's with enough suspension to carry pounds of gold, and enough torque to outrun any police cars chasing them. Cricket was on the bed, flipping through channels. She glanced up at him as he sat on the edge of the mattress and pulled his shoes off. \"We're ready,\" he sighed, \"We're finally ready. By this time tomorrow night, we'll have our gold back.\" Cricket didn't say anything. Rob knew she still didn't approve of taking Steve's money, no matter how many times he told her that they were actually taking back their own gold, but she had stopped fighting him on it. She looked at him, dropping the remote onto the bed, the television forgotten. \"What's going to happen once you have the gold?\" she asked. Rob shrugged. \"Get the hell out of dodge.\" She gave him a look and he waved his hand dismissively. \"And get you taken care of, of course,\" he added. \"You tell Lyle where you want to go, and he can print out a couple of fake IDs and a ticket. You'll ride along with me on the heist, all the way to Union Station. You pick what stop you want off on, and Lyle will take care of you from there. In less than twenty four hours, we'll finally be out of each other's hair.\" He gave her an empty smile. She turned to him, crossing her legs over each other. \"No, I mean honestly, what are you going to do with the money?\" she asked. She dropped her chin onto the palm of her hand. Rob met her gaze. She seemed so different compared to the half clothed, frightened girl in the motel room he found over a week ago. He had to remind himself that just because that was his first impression of her, it didn't mean she was like that all the time, but for Rob it was hard to imagine her any other way while in the hands of someone like Khan. He much preferred this version of her. Fiery, smart, sharp, and who fidgeted with things when she was nervous. \"I guess I don't know,\" Rob finally said. \"It's a lot of money,\" Cricket pointed out. \"I wouldn't even begin to know what to spend it on.\" \"A trip to Italy?\" Cricket smiled. \"For starters. A new Aston Martin?\" \"For starters.\" They smiled at each other and all Rob could think was 'easy'. Easy to talk to, easy to be himself around, easy to understand. Everything about her was easy. Everything about her made him feel at ease. He sighed, realizing how close their faces were. He sat up a little straighter, putting some space between them. \"I suppose I'll lay low in South Africa for a while,\" he said, \"Haven't been there yet and I've heard it's beautiful. After that, I don't know…find another job I suppose. Wait by the telephone until Charlie calls me bitching about a new mark he needs a driver for.\" \"Ever considered retirement?\" \"You sound like John.\" \"So that's a no?\" Cricket asked. \"Is having a cookie cutter life that scary to you?\" Rob pursed his lips, glancing at the television. It was muted, but he watched nonsensical images flick across the screen. It wasn't that it didn't appeal to him, he just couldn't picture himself in a little house with a traditional family, doing something so…boring. That simply wasn't him. He turned to Cricket. \"I suppose so,\" he said, shrugging again. \"I get it,\" Cricket said, voice muffled slightly by her hand. \"I never liked the idea of settling down and after all this, I don't know if I ever could.\" Rob's hands formed into involuntary fists at Cricket's nondescript mention of what had happened to her. A familiar hate filled him again. \"I feel like so much of my life has already been robbed from me…I don't really have time to waste it away, you know?\" Cricket continued. \"I've got to take what's left of it and make it mine again.\" Rob took a deep breath, glancing at her. She was so still, so detached from her feelings towards Khan, and he was unraveling with every work she spoke. She gave a strained chuckle. \"I haven't even been on an airplane before,\" she said, \"I highly doubt I could navigate airport security, let alone a new city. I'm not sure I'm brave enough for an adventure like that. I'll probably end up back in Boulder…maybe I'll start classes at the college…\" She seemed unsure of herself, but when she glanced at Rob, she gave him a half smile anyways. An attempt to chase away the doubt she felt, to reassure Rob that she would be fine after they went their separate ways. Rob uncurled his fists, glancing at the half moon marks his fingernails left in his rough palms. \"How can you be so indifferent?\" he muttered. \"What?\" He looked at her. \"Doesn't it infuriate you, what happened to you? Don't you hate Khan, and Steve, and all those other men who've touched you? And us, for dragging you along on our petty revenge scheme? How can you just…be okay with all this?\" She looked at him with furrowed brow. Her wide eyes flickered over the hard lines on his face, studying him. She blinked, and her expression turned sympathetic as she understood the venom he felt in his veins. She reached for him. \"I'm not,\" she whispered. \"I'm not okay with this. I'm…scared.\" Rob felt his breath escape him, and with it, his anger, replaced with something empathetic and protective and somber. Under all her layers; the sarcasm, the placidity, the architect, the prostitute, the secrets and the plans, she was scared. A young woman too frightened to run away, to show her true feelings, to put her trust in herself and other people. Part of him wanted to help her, but a stronger part didn't know how. He wasn't Charlie, who would jump at the chance to save a life. He was always soft like that; carefully planning tactical thievery so that no one would get hurt. Rob was more of a kick-down-the-door-with-guns-blazing type. He couldn't connect to people the way Charlie or John could. He wasn't even sure Cricket wanted his help, or just wanted him to know the truth. He didn't know what to do. He stared at her a moment and she stared back, her eyes wet. He closed the space between them, bringing his hand to her face and pulling her towards him. He kissed her, and she hesitated. He wouldn't know what to say to her, so he didn't even try. Actions were his language, and these actions he knew well. It took a few seconds, but she gave into him, melting into his kiss and bringing her hands up to his chest. He hugged her closer and they were a mess of kisses, and tongues, and tugging and hair and Steve's face appeared behind his closed eyelids. Rob jerked away. Cricket sank back, eyeing him. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. Her lips were slightly swollen. He couldn't answer her. He could only see Steve's face, Steve striding out of the motel room, adjusting his pants. He could remember the smell when he burst into that motel room to see Cricket pulling her clothes back on. The anger came again, but this time it came for Steve, who managed to take everything from Rob. He hated that slimy bastard and his skinny hands that got on everything; his gold, his car, and now Cricket. Rob felt uneasy. She read his expression, looking hurt. \"It's…it's because of Steve,\" she said, \"And all the other men.\" Rob pursed his lips, nodding slowly. She swallowed, looking away from him, her nose crinkled in disgust. She slid off the bed and stood up. \"Cricket…\" \"Don't,\" she snapped. Her face was a mixture of hurt and embarrassment and anger. She took a step back from the bed when he moved towards her. \"You—you're a hypocrite, Rob,\" she said. She yanked on her sleeve. \"You—I don't…\" she fought the words, raking a hand through her hair in frustration. \"I don't know whether to be upset or ashamed—\" \"No,\" Rob said, urgently, \"It's not that. Cricket, listen, I'm sorry. That's not what I meant.\" \"God!\" she gasped. She stood there, shaking her head. Her finger wrapped around a loose thread on her shirt and she snapped it. The noise sounded too loud in Rob's ears. He thought that she would start yelling, like the fight they had nights ago, but she didn't. She sighed, going to the closet and yanking out a towel, slipping into the bathroom and slamming the door closed. Rob groaned loudly, dropping back and smacking his head against the headboard and because it didn't hurt enough, he did it one more time. He didn't know what was wrong with him tonight. Everything was wrong. He couldn't think clearly. His emotions were out of control. He was FINE; fucked up, insecure, neurotic and emotional all because of the girl in the bathroom and the trouble she had brought and the feelings she made him feel. He glanced at the bathroom door, thinking of Steve and Charlie's warning about getting too involved. He thought of John and that frigid day they went over the bridge and how he lost control of the van. And how he seemed to be losing control now. He thought of the job and then he stopped thinking all together. Rob frowned, brow furrowed, lips pressed to a line. He got off the bed and moved towards the bathroom door, pulling his shirt off over his head. He was tired and exhausted from worrying. He wanted to take back what should have been his in the first place. He opened the bathroom door. The mirror was clouded with steam. He stripped off the rest of this clothing and opened the shower door. She glanced over her shoulder at him, eyes bloodshot, then dropped her head back under the spray. He wanted her. And now we're both sorry. \"Maybe you should stay in the car,\" Rob suggested. They were parked outside the restaurant Steve had met Stella at. After the discovery of the neighbor's party, the job had been postponed and the team had followed Stella to her date. Charlie didn't trust Steve and insisted that they come along just in case. \"I don't think it will be a good idea, should Steve see you.\" Cricket nodded. Rob opened the car door and followed Steve, Left Ear and Lyle into the restaurant. He pressed the button the key fob, listening to the locks on the car doors click into place. \"She's not coming?\" Charlie asked, nodding his head towards the rental. \"No.\" \"Stay low,\" Charlie instructed to the rest of them. They pushed through the glass double doors of the restaurant. \"Lyle and Left take the bar. Rob, you hang by the kitchen, I'll stay by the hostess podium.\" They all separated for their posts. Rob glanced across the restaurant at Stella and Steve. She looked like she was holding her own. In fact, she looked rather comfortable, considering. She was a good actress, better than he gave her credit for. He slipped behind the kitchen barrier keeping an eye on their table. One of the sous chefs approached him, knife in hand, ready to tell him off for being where he wasn't supposed to. Before he could say anything, Rob pulled out his wallet and handed over a few bills. The sous chef took the bribe and returned to his station without missing a beat. Rob leaned against the half wall while he watched. The restaurant was nice, atmospheric. At least Steve wasn't a cheap date. They barely finished their main course before Rob saw trouble. Stella was suddenly tense, and Steve grabbed hold of her wrist. Rob glanced towards the hostess station, where Charlie was watching them like how pointer watched a pheasant. He gave a miniscule shake of his head. Wait for the signal, those had been the instructions. \"Who are you working with?\" The glass bottle of water dropped. The signal. Charlie moved towards the table and so did Rob, lips curved slightly. He would relish the look on Steve's face when he realized his former allies were in fact alive. \"She's with us.\" Steve leaned back in his chair, carefully hiding his shock. \"The gang's all here,\" he sneered, and Stella rose to her feet, Charlie and Rob moving to stand behind her. His lip twitched unpleasantly, and his eyes flickered to Rob, recognition playing behind his eyes. \"I should have known. Khan told me he saw her with some burly looking Neanderthal who had skill behind the wheel. I should have known he was talking about you. Tell me, are you enjoying her yet? Someone might as well be if I'm not.\" Rob's hands curled to fists and he fought every instinct that told him to upper cut the greasy mustache right off Steve's face. Charlie placed a warm, calm hand on Rob's tense forearm. Steve waved his hand, an attempt at a careless gesture. \"You know the only thing worse than a thief?\" Stella asked him, her voice strained. \"A coward.\" \"Then you should have seen the way your daddy begged for his life.\" Stella lunged across the table at him ad Rob and Charlie both scrambled to hold her back. Rob managed to get an arm around her, pulling her away. He led her out of the restaurant, but not before Steve called after them, \"Put a leash on your cat!\" Rob indicated for Left and Lyle to follow them out and they did. They gathered in the parking lot, Rob taking a deep breath of warm summer air to calm down. Stella looked shaken and he finally released her. \"Are you alright?\" he asked her, and she nodded. \"What happened?\" Left asked, \"Why is Charlie talking to Steve?\" Rob shook his head. \"I don't know, but listen, now that Steve knows we're no longer dead, things have changed,\" Rob said. Everyone was on edge. Their plan seemed to be unraveling very quickly tonight and Rob hopped that Charlie knew what he was doing. He sighed. \"There'll be no entering his house, so we'll have to wait for another window to get to the safe. We might have to do some damage control come tomorrow morning. Lyle, you're still keeping tabs on his phone lines?\" Lyle nodded. \"Good. Keep listening for any useful information. Left and Stella you both have to be on your game and ready in a moment's notice if needs be. For now lets get back to the hotel room, keep our heads down until we know what Charlie wants to do.\" Everyone seemed to agree. It wasn't much of a plan, but at this point, Rob didn't know what was going to happen, or if the heist was even going to still happen, now that they no longer had the element of surprise. Lyle and Left walked to their car and Rob turned around and froze. The passenger door to his rental was open, the window shattered, and an empty seat. \"Handsome?\" Stella asked. Her eyes slid to the car and she gasped. Rob could feel the muscles in his face and hands and shoulders tense, twitching with pent up anger and confusion and surprise. He strode to the car, ignoring Stella calling out his name. He opened the trunk and withdrew the crowbar. \"Lyle,\" Rob barked, and the tech genius looked up at him. \"Take Stella back to the hotel. Tell Charlie I'll be indisposed for the rest of the night. I'll meet up with you lot tomorrow morning.\" \"Handsome, what are you doing?\" Stella asked. He slammed the trunk closed and rounded the front of the car, opening the drivers side door. He shot her a meaningful look over the hood. \"Wait, you don't even have a gun!\" Stella said, \"At the very least take Charlie with you!\" Rob closed the car door and revved the engine, pulling out of the parking lot and leaving a ribbon of burnout behind him. He didn't need Charlie to come with him, he didn't need to ask Steve who had taken Cricket, he didn't need a gun, he didn't need to figure out where they had gone. What he needed, what he had been wanting to do since the day he walked into that motel that wouldn't pass health inspection, was to spill some blood. He flew down the road, careless of speed limits, heading south for Wilmington. The Night Hop would be empty. Khan would know better than to drag her back to where Rob had first found her. It would be the first place he went to go look for her. That left one other place where Rob hoped she would be; the warehouse on the industrial side of town, the one Cricket had mentioned when they were scouting out the Netcom work vans. He drove along the waterfront, through the oil fields that reeked with the stench of burning sulfur and the shipping crates that glowed under the dim harbor lights. He slowed, rolling down the window. He wasn't sure what he was looking for, some sign of Khan or Cricket or the warehouse. Any noise that echoed against metal ship hulls made his head turn, only to find a late night dock worker, or a stray dog, or some kids up to no good. He faltered, wondering if Khan had decided to take her back to the motel after all. Then he wondered if something much worse happened to her. He shook his head, letting the thought go. Khan wouldn't have wasted time with something so messy, and in his eyes, Cricket wouldn't have been worth the trouble. Except, she did bring in a substantial amount of cash, most of it from Steve who had more money than what he knew what to do with, and she did mention Khan's temper. Rob grit his teeth, speeding up a little more. It didn't matter what was happening to her, he told himself, he just needed to find her so he could end it. He saw movement out of the corner of his eye; figures mulling around the loading dock beneath a warehouse. He circled back around the building that still bore the outlines of a company name on the steel front. He parked beneath the looming shadow of shipping containers, cutting the engine and watching the entrance. A few dock workers entered, a few left, quiet and unobtrusive as they went about their work. Then the door banged open and a man as tall as a tree stepped out. Rob tensed, reaching for the crowbar that was sitting across the passenger's seat. Cricket followed, a small back pack slung over her shoulder and her prostitute sisters watching from the doorway. There was dried blood around her nose, bruises on her arm he could make out, but she didn't look much the worse for wear. At least she was still breathing. Khan called over his shoulder at her. \"Hurry up.\" He opened the door to a black SUV. \"Where are we going?\" Rob heard Cricket ask and she picked up her pace. He got out of the car and started walking towards them, the crowbar heavy and reassuring in his hand. He couldn't let them leave because he didn't want to subject her to spending one more second with that brute. And he certainly couldn't risk losing them. No more wasted time, it ended now. She was climbing up into the car as he stepped beneath the warehouse lights. Khan's eyes flickered to him and he glared. \"I was wondering if you'd come for her,\" Khan said. Cricket looked over at him, eyes widening. \"You're very persistent, aren't you?\" Rob shrugged. \"I've always wanted what I can't have.\" \"Well you can't have,\" Khan said, \"So leave.\" Rob didn't move. Cricket was still half way into the SUV, eyes flickering between her pimp and Rob, also not moving. Khan frowned and stepped around the vehicle. He reached behind him to the gun tucked into the waistband of his pants, coming to stand a few feet from Rob's face. \"Now, now,\" Rob said as Khan drew the weapon, the metal winking wickedly at him. \"Let's make this a gentleman's game.\" Rob lifted the crowbar in offering. \"I'm not a gentleman.\" \"I wasn't asking.\" Rob clutched the bar and swung it around fast as he could. It collided with the side of Khan's face, sending him sprawling onto the ground. His gun discharged when it went skittering over the concrete, the shot ricocheting off the warehouses' steel frame. The girls by the door screamed and ran back inside. Rob lunged on top of him, straddling and raising the crowbar again. Khan, a stream of blood trickling out of his ear, caught the bar and blocked the coming blow. They rolled. Khan grabbed the crowbar with both hands, Rob still holding on and refusing to let go. He leaned into the bar, bringing it down to Rob's chest, closer to his throat. Rob groaned and pushed back, the muscles in his arm and chest pinching from the strain, but Khan bore all of his weight down and he felt the pressure against his Adams apple. He scrambled for a solution. The solution came in the form of a slight young woman. With much fear in her, but a sliver of courage which was all she needed. Cricket barreled into Khan, having finally found her strength to move from the SUV. It was enough to offset Khan's balance and the two of them went tumbling over Rob. The crowbar dropped and clattered against the ground and Rob swallowed and rolled onto his hands and knees and saw Khan on top of Cricket. He drew a fist back and it cracked against her face. She cried out and fresh blood gushed from her nose. He slapped her. Rob picked up the crowbar, ran to them, and smacked it against Khan's back. He didn't give him the chance to be stunned by the blow. He reeled back again and hit Khan across the face, before he could recover. Khan was thrown off Cricket from the force, spinning face down into the ground. He groaned. Rob stepped closer, grabbing the front of his shirt to lift him. He raised the crowbar again and brought it down. Again and again and again. Cricket scrambled to her feet. \"Stop!\" she yelled and it was enough to snap Rob from his red hot fury. He paused, crowbar raised above his head, and looked down at Khan. His face was cracked and bleeding and swelling. He was breathing, shallow and wheezing, but he was limp in Rob's hand. He looked at Cricket, who looked mortified, then down at his shirt, which was splotched with blood. The crowbar was slick and warm in his hand. It hovered over Khan's head. He looked back at the pimp again. He reared back again as Cricket screamed, \"No!\" then brought the crowbar down one last definitive time. There was a snap and he tossed the crowbar. He moved off Khan. He went to the discarded gun and picked it up, flipping the safety and tucking it away. Cricket jogged to the rental and Rob followed her, looking over at the prostitutes and their customers who had watched the fight from the loading dock. They looked on, disturbed, but in no hurry to call the police. They drove back to the hotel, Rob checking the rear view mirror often, and Cricket trying to clean the blood off her face. She stole quick glances at him. She looked sick, and frightened at what he had done. \"What happened?\" Rob asked. It took a while before she answered. \"Once you were inside he showed up and smashed the window in. He unlocked the door and dragged me out and took me back to the warehouse. He made me pack my things and that's when you showed up.\" \"Did he say anything about what he was planning?\" Rob asked, though he had a few colorful ideas. \"No, he didn't tell me anything.\" She said and then added, almost hastily, \"And I didn't say anything to him.\" \"It wouldn't have mattered anyways,\" Rob said, and he sped down the boulevard, filling Cricket in on what had happened inside the restaurant. Now, more than ever, he wished the heist had gone down tonight, like planned. The sooner they could get on the Sunset Limited and out of Los Angeles, the better. Not only did they have Khan after them, but now Steve, and already the amount of people in on the job was one too many. Things were getting messy; a Hydra of problems: solve one and two more appear. \"I should have been more careful,\" Rob growled. \"I should have known Khan wouldn't have let you go like that. Especially after the Porsche incident…\" \"Stop,\" Cricket said firmly, tenderly wiping away the rest of the blood. Her nose could very well be broken, but he couldn't be sure until they were under the florescent lights of the hotel bathroom and he had a chance to look at it better. \"I thought—I thought that maybe that was the end of it. I thought you wouldn't come for me because I've been nothing but dead weight on this revenge mission of yours…and suddenly I was back in Khan's hands and no longer your responsibility.\" \"How could you think that?\" Rob asked, and she shrugged. \"Besides, we had a deal.\" He added. She looked at him, a smile ghosting her lips. \"Thank you, Rob,\" she said quietly, \"That's three times you've saved me.\" \"Well, had you not tackled him, I'd've had my windpipe crushed,\" Rob pointed out. \"I guess we make a good team,\" Cricket said. \"I guess so.\" \"What happens now?\" she asked as they pulled into the hotel parking lot. \"I suppose we wait until the next opportunity to take the gold. Hopefully Charlie has something up his sleeve.\" \"Hopefully.\" 'Cause us traitors never win. Charlie most definitely had nothing up his sleeve, much to Rob's chagrin. He knocked on their door early the next morning and Rob, sore and bleary eyed and riddled with nightmares, unwound himself from Cricket and shuffled to the door. \"What?\" Charlie's eyes slid to Cricket. Her bare back was too them, shoulder blades resting on top of each other, smooth skin grey in the early morning dawn, hair splayed over the pillow. Charlie raised a brow. \"What?\" Rob repeated, sounding bored. He wasn't going to give Charlie the satisfaction of seeming guilty or defensive over his questioning glance. \"Get dress, we're all meeting at the garage in a few minutes.\" Charlie said, then turned and strode down the hall. Rob leaned out and called after him. \"Why, what's the plan?\" \"To get our gold back!\" Rob rolled his eyes and ducked back into the hotel room, closing the door. Charlie's brilliant plan of taking the Mini's through Steve's house had fallen to pieces. They met in the work warehouse almost every day, brainstorming new tactics for getting he gold back and still utilizing the Mini's as getaway cars. While they talked, Lyle sat at his station listening in on Steve's phone conversations for any bit of useful information, but now that Steve knew they were alive, that Stella was John's daughter and that Cricket was on their side, it made the element of surprise far less surprising. \"Pay off his rent-a-cop?\" Rob suggested one afternoon as Stella passed around coffee she picked up from the corner café. \"Or his maid? We could have someone in his house slip a sleeping pill into the glass of Merlot he drinks with dinner. He'll be out cold, and we can be in and out before he wakes.\" Charlie shook his head. \"I don't think any of his employees could be paid off, certainly not the guard at the gate. Left's done his research on the man and getting hired by Steve was the best thing that ever happened to him; helped him bring his family up from Mexico,\" Charlie sighed, glancing at Cricket, who sipped at her coffee. The look did not go unnoticed by Rob. \"No,\" he said sternly. Charlie frowned at him. \"I'm just looking at all our options,\" he sneered. He picked up the basketball and tossed it into the hoop they dragged in from the park. Stella came and sat on the work table Rob was at, picking up a spark plug and a rag. She had been on edge the last few days, the date having done a number on her. For some reason, Rob felt partially responsible, like he should have done more to get her out of that restaurant and away from Steve before he managed to crawl under her skin and get inside her head. \"There'll be nothing left of that if you keep rubbing it.\" Rob teased as she worked the plug in her hand. She glanced at him, smiled and sighed. \"Charlie!\" Lyle called from across the garage. \"He's flying to coop!\" \"When?\" Lyle filled them in on the conversation he overheard, about an armored truck, a helicopter, and Mexico City. As Stella voiced her concern about a moving safe, Rob watched the calculation behind Charlie's eyes, and it was that very reason that Rob didn't mind following their leader. He was smart, decisive, optimistic. \"Steve's not about to let that gold out of his sight. It's going to be in that truck and he's going to be watching it every step of the way from the helicopter,\" Charlie said. \"So the gold's headed to Mexico.\" \"Who knows where?\" Stella said, seeming unconvinced, \"They could change the flight plan midair.\" Charlie smiled. \"Slow down, you guys are going about this all wrong.\" Rob glanced at Cricket as they argued. She seemed thoughtful, and that surprised him. From the beginning she had been against the heist but was careful to keep her mouth shut. She knew that voicing her dislike for the plan wouldn't bode well with the team, so she usually pretended not to be listening. She seemed fully engaged though, curious even. Rob smirked, remembering his first taste of the crime world and how it was both disgusting and liberating on his tongue. Cricket must have been feeling the same way. \"We've been trying to get to the gold in the safe, now the safe is coming to us,\" Charlie explained. \"We're going to boost it in transit.\" Another wave of protest came at him and Charlie grinned. \"Where do you want it to go? We can't have a shoot out with armed guards, we'd lose,\" Lyle pointed out. \"We do it like the Italian Job.\" Think about the place where you first met me. They sat parked at the curb. Left was will Stella in the red car, Charlie had taken the lead and Rob and Cricket were positioned in the back of the line. They were waiting for Lyle's go ahead and despite the very precarious, very high stakes mission looming over their heads, the atmosphere in the Mini Coop was relatively calm. Rob turned the dial on the radio, trying to find a station. The only hint at Cricket's nerves was the bounce in her leg. Steppenwolf's \"She'll Be Better\" drifted on through the speakers and Rob sighed. \"Ah, a classic,\" he murmured. \"You are woefully calm considering this plan was thrown together in less than twelve hours.\" \"Sink or swim, love,\" Rob commented, glancing at her. \"That,\" he said, pointing at her leg, \"Has to stop. I can't have you panicking while I'm trying to drive, okay? You need to trust that I'll keep you in one piece.\" She settled as Lyle's voice crackled over the coms. They watched Charlie thump over the curb and make a sharp turn down the Walk of Fame. People on the sidewalk screamed and jumped out of the way as Stella followed inches behind him. \"That's our cue,\" Rob said and threw he car into gear. They tore down the sidewalk to the metro station, dropping down the flights of stairs to the underground. Cricket gave a nervous laugh, her voice drumming with the wheels. \"Thirty seconds and counting,\" Lyle said into the earpiece. Cricket glanced out her window at the train that pulled along side them on the track. \"Rob…?\" she said wearily, the mood from before vanishing like a wisp of smoke in the thick seriousness of the situation. It was easy to plan a rail escape on paper, it was an entirely different thing to do it in person. Charlie and Stella cleared the gap but the last few feet were closing in. \"Rob!\" Cricket cried, her voice breaking. \"Trust me!\" he snapped, collected and calculating as he swerved onto the rail, the back bumper nipping the corner of the train. He straightened out and followed the car lights down the dark tunnel shafts. Years of practice, and though the thrill shot through his body like it was the first time, he managed always to keep a level head. Next to him, Cricket breathed out a shuttering breath. They pulled to a stop and Rob opened his door. \"Wait here.\" \"But—\" He slammed the door shut. The rest of the team followed, everyone moving swiftly. Rob took his position and cocked the grenade launcher. Left ducked behind the cars, the detonator at the ready. They listened for Wrench's countdown. The armored truck fell through the ceiling in a cloud of debris seconds later, the explosions ricocheting off the dark tunnels and sending vibrations down their spines. He could hear people above screaming as he launched the smoke grenade through the windshield. Charlie opened the rear doors. They waited while Stella worked. Rob glanced over his shoulder at Cricket, who watched from the passenger's seat. There were blue circles under her eyes, remnants of Khan's brutality. Rob knew his own eyes were drawn and grey, but more so from lack of sleep than anything else. It was a difficult thing, taking another life when he considered himself a generally good person. It was instances like that that kept him awake at night, questioning what kind of man he was. Cricket met his gaze and gave him a weak smile. They had been through a lot the last few weeks, more so than the rest of the team, and it was beginning to show. When he woke that morning, Rob was very much ready for this all to be over and done with. Stella cracked the safe and pulled open the door. Rob whipped around to watch the gold come into view, bright, clean, and once again his. They worked quickly to load the gold, sending them down the suspenders to Left, who packed them in the trunks. Steve would know his gold had been hijacked by now, and Rob wished he could see the look on his face. He packed up the gear and tossed it in the back of the white Mini, over the gold, as Lyle began calculating their catch. He got behind the wheel again, and the three cars fell into formation, heading for the storm drain. Rob felt the tension in is body vanish as they drove. He knew they weren't in the clear yet, but the getaway was his specialty and the gold was in their possession once again. He couldn't help the infections excitement that coursed through the team as things were finally beginning to go their way again. Rob followed the procession along the tracks through the storm drain, glancing in the rear view mirror as another set of revving engines filled the tunnel. \"Two motorcycles on us, Charlie,\" he said into the com as Cricket twisted around to glance out the back. He heard the pop and whizz of bullets. The glass in the back window spider webbed from the bullet hole. He flinched, and Cricket screamed as another bullet pass through the car and one dinged off the side. \"Get down!\" Rob commanded and Cricket shrank in her seat. He tilted the car left against the tunnel to clear space for the motorcyclist to pull along side him. As soon as he was in his blind spot, Rob cranked the wheel back and the motorcycle and rider went skidding along the wet storm drain. Another shot rang out and Rob felt a searing pain in his bicep. The light of the Los Angeles riverbed grew at the end of the tunnel. Rob sped up to clear the jump. One, two, and three they burst from the storm drain into the day light, skimming across the water. Rob whipped the car around and yanked the emergency brake, the back tires gliding around in a one-eighty. \"Open your door!\" She did as she was told, bracing her legs again the door right as the motorist slammed into it and summersaulted over the Mini. She pulled it closed again, whooping and laughing. Rob looked at her, grinning, almost forgetting the pain in his arm. They drove along the riverbed, Steve's chopper appearing above them. He followed Charlie up the embankment onto the golf course. \"You've been hit!\" Cricket said suddenly, looking at his arm. \"Rob, you're bleeding!\" \"Ah, is that what it is?\" Rob said evenly. \"What are you going to do Rob?\" Charlie's voice crackled in his ear. He sighed, glancing down at his left arm that rested against the gear shift. It was painful to move. He hissed, stopping below the cover of trees and throwing the car into park. \"Cricket's driving.\" He got out and rounded and car, Cricket climbing out and looking at him with mortification written across her face. \"You can't be serious?\" \"I am,\" he said. \"Rob, I can't do this,\" Cricket said across the hood of the Mini. \"I barely know how to drive, let alone handle stick!\" Rob sighed again, his good hand clutching the wound on his arm. He glanced up as the wind picked up and the top of the trees began to shake, the helicopter thumping above them menacingly. \"I'll shift the gears, you run the clutch,\" he said and climbed in. They had to move. Cricket took her place behind the wheel. \"Right,\" Rob said, \"Clutch in, gas in, just like I taught you. You can do this, Cricket.\" She worked the pedals and Rob shifted with his good arm. \"Go, go, go,\" he said and they sped off. Should have known I'd be the first to leave. She managed to keep up with Charlie and Stella. With Rob shifting, she could focus on the clutch, and while it wasn't nearly as smooth or well timed as it would have been had Rob been driving, they were able to make it work. The back windshield was riddled with bullet holes, there was a motorcycle size dent in the bumper, the front was torn up and Rob's blood was soaking through his jacket, but they were still moving and that was what was important. \"I'm going to take Steve, you guys go straight to Union Station. I'll meet you there!\" Charlie said over the ear piece. They followed Stella to the train yard, the paved roads turning to gravel and tracks beneath their wheels. Cricket handled the car like a new driver, but steady enough. She drove up the ramp to the car carrier, waved in by Wrench in a stolen uniform, with enough precision and speed that it made Rob smirk. They parked behind Stella and climbed out of the car, Cricket looking flushed. She ran a hand through her hair. They waited for Charlie in tense silence. Stella, Rob, Left Ear and Cricket loitered against the car while Wrench stood outside, keeping an eye out for Charlie's approach. Lyle would also be making his way from baggage claim soon. \"Hey,\" Rob said and Cricket looked up at him, \"That was some well handled driving back there.\" Cricket huffed. \"I'm not sure I can take much credit, you did half the work.\" \"I shifted gears, the rest—maneuvering, manning the clutch, speeding—that was all you.\" \"You managed to keep up with Stella,\" Left said, \"That's not an easy feat.\" \"A few more runs and we'll make a criminal out of you yet,\" Stella said. Cricket didn't reply, but there was a small smile on her lips. She looked at Rob again, her hazel eyes drifting to the stain on his arm. \"We need to take care of that.\" Rob glanced down at his wound, then pulled off his jacket with a grunt. Cricket helped him roll up his sleeve. She put her hands on his arm, looking over the chunk of muscle missing. Blood trickled down in a thin stream to his elbow. \"I don't see a bullet?\" Cricket said, \"You might need stiches.\" Rob chuckled, he had suffered much worse. \"I'll be fine. Get something to wrap it with.\" Cricket nodded. Wrench had a red bandanna in the back pocket of his Pacific Union uniform. He handed it to her, and Cricket wound it around Rob's arm and tied it off tightly. She helped him pull his jacket back on. \"Who taught you to drive like that anyways?\" Rob teased. Cricket shrugged, not meeting his gaze. \"Some man,\" she murmured. \"A bit of a gruff, and way to cocky for his own good, but all things considering…I suppose I like him.\" They heard the screech of tires and Charlie pulled in, in the blue Mini, seconds later. He jumped out. \"Let's move, Steve's right behind me.\" \"Cheers.\" They clinked champagne glasses in the dining car of the Sunset Limited, bound for New Orleans with over two million dollars worth of gold stashed in the car port. They drank, grinning and in good spirits. Rob looked down at Cricket, standing next to him. He put his arm around her. She glanced down at his hand on her hip, then up at him, before taking another sip from her glass, her expression unreadable. He almost asked her what could possibly be wrong. They had their gold, Lyle had fixed transportation for her to get back to Colorado, she would finally be free from her deal with them, and, more importantly, she was finally free from Khan. She wasn't sad about leaving, that much Rob was certain. She wasn't the type of girl to get teary-eyed over goodbyes, and although in another life, there maybe could have been something between them, they weren't in that other life. They only had this one, and this one was too complicated and messy to be involved. Lyle turned to her, pulling out a couple of tickets and a fake ID. \"You have a bus ticket from the train station to the El Paso airport. From there, a quick flight to Denver and you'll be back home before you know it,\" he said with that wide grin of his. Cricket took the papers and nodded. Stella reached across the circle and drew her into a hug, which made Cricket stiffen. \"I'll be sorry to see you go,\" she said. \"There's far too much testosterone on this team.\" She pulled back and Charlie offered his hand. The train began to slow, the conductor's voice coming over the speakers to announce their approach into El Paso. Cricket took his hand and shook it. \"Good luck with everything,\" he said, \"If you do decide to go to the police after all, be sure to give us a couple days head start?\" Rob rolled his eyes. \"Come on,\" he said, \"I'll walk you out.\" He led her through train compartments until they reached the doors to the platform. They stood across from each other, Cricket clutching the tickets in her hands, as they waited for the train to pull into the station. He wasn't sure what to say to her. She deserved more than just a goodbye, but he wasn't good with words. How could he tell her that in the beginning he had been trying to save her, but in the end, it was her saving him? Or that being with her was more than just sex and teasing and danger and chaos? It was also safe and comforting and familiar and he wasn't sure if he could be completely indifferent with her departure like he was with other women. He finally settled on something less pathetic sounding, and was about to open his mouth, when she spoke first. \"Elise.\" \"What?\" \"My name…Elise Dailey.\" \"Well…fuck,\" Rob said, surprised. \"You don't look like an Elise.\" She gave him an annoyed look, her nose crinkled slightly. \"I mean, it's a nice name, just doesn't seem to fit you.\" \"You prefer Cricket?\" \"Yes, actually.\" She smiled. He smiled. The train rolled into the station, the wheels whistling as they drew to a stop. The doors hissed opened and the noise of the platform filled the cabin. She put her hands on his chest, reached up on tip toes and kissed him; quick but fervent. She pulled away and stepped off the train. \"Goodbye, Handsome Rob.\" \"Goodbye, Elise Dailey.\" That was the last time you ever saw me. \" What do you mean there's only two cars? \" The steward looked between Charlie and Rob, both of whom were standing over him menacingly. Left Ear, Stella and Lyle were standing behind them on the unloading platform, open mouthed. The heat of New Orleans filled the car claim station with suffocating humidity. The steward licked his lips and checked his clipboard with the manifest. \"I mean, you have three cars registered, but one of them has already been claimed.\" \"Open the car carrier,\" Charlie growled, and the worker did as he was told, sliding the heavy metal door along its runner. They filed into the hot train car, reminiscent of the time Rob and Cricket—Elise—spent hiding in the semi truck's trailer. They glanced around. The blue and red Mini's were still there, but the white one was missing. The steward consulted his clipboard again. \"The white Mini Cooper was offloaded back in El Paso. If you have your tickets I can figure out what went wrong and we can file an insurance claim or work on getting your car back, sir,\" the steward rambled, looking genuinely scared for his life. Rob and Charlie looked at each other. Rob reached into the inside pocket of his jacket, where his claim ticket was, but felt nothing. He checked the other pockets to be sure. Charlie went red faced. \"I told you not to trust her.\" The shock on Rob's face gave way to a smile, hesitant at first, but growing until he was grinning. He started to laugh. Charlie looked at Stella, who shrugged, dumbfounded. The steward looked between them, unsure. Charlie turned back to Rob. \"I'm glad you find this so hilarious, since it's your cut she made off with.\" Rob laughed harder. He stepped down from the loading ramp, shaking his head. \"Where are you going?\" Charlie called after him. Rob turned to face him, arms out in a shrug. \"I've got to get a car, preferably something fast, and then I'm going to Colorado.\" \"How do you know she'll still be there?\" Charlie yelled as Rob crossed the station to the main road. \"She's and eighteen year old girl, with a million in gold bars, driving cross country in a car she can barley handle. She can't've gone far, I will find her.\" No, nothing good starts in a getaway car. ","Summary":" He was the best of times, the worst of crimes. \"What a twat.\" Left Ear glanced up and watched Ste"},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Mashkov's decision","Author":"bscjackson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6802967","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Now we've got your gold and you ? You've got nothing\" \"I got this\" pulling the gun Steve kept in his belt \"Now cut the crap and give me my goddamn gold! \" The loading of guns silenced Steve right away, as Mashkov stepped into the open the guns were quickly drawn on Charlie and his crew, Mashkov had betrayed them, \"Wait what?\" \"Sorry Charlie but looks like I win again\" Steve said with a evil smile spread across his face. As the Ukrainians prepared to pull the trigger and take there share of the gold Mashkov turned to Steve put the gun to his head and pulled the trigger \"That was for my cousin\" Steve dropped to the ground with the hot lead buried deep in his brain the evil grin still spread across his lifeless face. \"NOW\" yelled Charlie and even with the chance of being shot him and his team quickly dived inside the train behind them and slammed the roller door closed. And being careful not to enter the path of the bullets flying through the metal door and even through the other side of the train Handsome Rob jumped into his white mini cooper with Left Ear following close behind, he slammed the car into reverse and sped backwards as fast as the heavily worked on car could go, Charie and Stella jumped into there own cars and did the same thing desperately trying to find another exit out into the open were they could make their escape. \"Follow them!\" screamed Mashkov as he ordered his men into the darkness of the train to chase the escaped team of ingenious criminals. In the mean time Lyle had no idea as to what was going on and he thought that they had just got away with stealing a bunch of gold...again, but as soon as he heard the screams over the ear piece the had each been assigned he ran to the nearest shop he could find an got to work. \"Charlie what's going on?\" \"Mashkov shot Steve then tried to get us!\" \"Shit\" \"Lyle can you drive the train from there?\" \"Yeah, were do you want it to go?\" \"Anywhere, just make it hard for them to chase us!\" \"Ok get ready\" As soon as he said that the train started to move, slowly at first but it was quickly gaining speed. Diving out of the open side door, Mashkov underestimated the length and was sucked underneath the train and as the weight crushed his body he managed to fire of 4 shots from his gun before dying, screaming under a train. \"There goes Mashkov\" Lyle said grimacing at the security footage on his little laptop. \"Ok on my go, we drive out of the train, Lyle slow us down!\" \"Ok, get ready\" Lyle said as the train jolted and slowed right down. \"Ready , GO ! \" And at that the whole team took the risk and came flying out of train, all landing with a strong thud and Rob losing his tailbar. Lyle knowing exactly what to do, made the train go full speed in time to stop Mashkov's men getting out. \"Ok anyone else gonna betray us? Good let's get outta here.\" Rob said, relieved at the fact that they had just escaped, un harmed and filthy rich. ","Summary":" \"Now we've got your gold and you ? You've got nothing\" \"I got this\" pulling the gun Steve kept "},{"Movie":"2001 Maniacs","Title":"Tulpa","Author":"Chicasaborapan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12486916","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Se encontraba corriendo no sabe como había logrado escapar de ese castillo, pero estaba adolorido, cojeaba de un pie veía como su sangre dejaba huella por todo el bosque alrededor del castillo del que estaba huyendo. Cayó de bruces en la arena, veía borroso, el dolor ya no lo dejaba poner en pie, algo lo tomó del cuello y lo alzo. Era un tipo mas alto que el aunque no era muy fornido pero tenía una fuerza descomunal o el estaba muy débil, vestía una túnica negra y su cabello también lo era, era largo pero amarrado en una trenza baja que era tan larga que la usaba como cinturon envolviéndola alrededor de su cintura y aun asi caía hasta a sus tobillos, sus ojos eran tornasol y pudo ver en ellos todas las perversiones humanas, jamás lo había visto, el responsable de su tortura era una creatura sádica con forma femenina de hermoso rostro pero absolutamente malvada. Este parecía un hombre apesar de tener un rostro fino, lo estrelló contra un arbol haciendo que Robin diera un alarido de dolor, no creía merecer esto, es cierto a veces era pretencioso y pesado predicando su religión pero jamás había lastimado a nadie. El ser lo olió como un depredador olfatea a su presa. - eres muy grande para mi, me gusta divertirme con mas pequeños, además estas muy maltratado, no me gustas... - Súbyanci, él es mio dijo la voz de una mujer, la reconocia había sido su verdugo por semanas, tenía un vestido rojo que contrastaba con el caballo negro en el que venía montada, era un equino negro y con ojos de fuego. Didri como le había hecho se llamaba tenía el cabello rizado que refulgía en brillos azulados. Ella se bajo del animal y lo arrastró a dentro de nuevo - no ibas a conseguir escapar, sera mejor que te resignes. Solo pudo llorar al verse de nuevo en esa mazmorra, el ser tocó su cabeza y todas sus heridas empezaron a sanar, partes del cuerpo amputadas regeneraron y dolía todo el proceso, eso lo lleno mas de terror sabía para que lo curaba, para volverlo a mutilar y destazar, y torturar a su gusto, mientras se recuperaba de sus dolorosas heridas veía como lo demás que estaban de nuevo sanos eran desmenbrados nuévamente entre los gritos de dolor escuchados y lo que veía perdió la conciencia. Cuando abrió lo ojos ya estaba completamente curado pero todo estaba oscuro sentía un gran peso sobre él y un líquido cálido chorreando en todo su cuerpo, era sangre, pero no era su sangre, era la de una pila de miembros cercenados y torsos que estaban arriba de él, a este momento sentía que su mente divagaba y trataba de irse lejos, estaba rozando la locura a estas alturas no sabía si lo horrores vividos eran fruto de una cabeza trastornada, agarró aquel rosario que siempre llevaba ese que le había dado su abuela Meli, y lo apreto rogando por un milagro o por morir rápido. Lanzo un leve quejido y trato de sacar un brazo por entre el medio de aquella pila de carne. Algo lo tomó del brazo y lo jalo a la luz, era otro ser este tenía los ojos y el cabello dorado y una expresion pacifica. - tranquilo muchacho, ya se acabo todo. El seguía sin contestar y comenzó a rezar de manera intangible sobaba un crucifijo que tenía en el cuello. - salvame, salvame repetía una y otra vez a ese pedazo de metal en forma de cruz. - chico, quiero llevarte a casa. Esta vez si lo miro - casa? - si, tienes familia? - esposa, bebé Dijo tratando de pararse. - dime como te llamas y donde vives para llevarte. - Robin - esta bien Robin, ven conmigo le pidió el ser pero en cuanto lo tocó el menor grito y se alejo. - no me lastimes! Yá! Dijo perdiendo la mente de nuevo. - calmate, se que quieres ir a casa para estar a salvo, donde vives?. - Alemania... Con mucha dificultad le dijo donde vivía, era la casa donde vivía con su esposa, pero su esposa no abrió la puerta fue su madre que lo abrazo en cuanto lo vio a lo que él se desplomo. (Leer el capítulo \"el fin de la guerra\" de mi historia Hibridos) Habían pasado tres años desde el incidente. Estaba en el apartamento que había comprado para no vivir en aquella casa grande que compartía con Viviana, su esposa, cuando llego se entero que ella había muerto producto de un derrumbe ocasionado por los temblores que habían azotado esa fecha el planeta, otro golpe para él ya esperaba refugiarse en los brazos de ella como había hecho antes, en el momento en que su vida se empezó a ir a pique. Veronica Mandred era su madre, sus abuelos pertenecían a una familia noble su abuelo Octaviano tenía el titulo de conde, pero su madre se caso joven con un hombre que no era de su nivel el cual se murmuraban lo había hecho por el dinero, y tal vez tenían razón ya que que Rodrid Bayster cambio mucho con su esposa después de enterarse que Octaviano no pensaba heredarle nada a Veronica, Rodrid había cantado victoria cuando el viejo no le había hecho firmar nada, sabía que Veronica era su única hija y por lo tanto toda la herencia sería para ella, cayó en su error después de que naciera Robin, Octaviano puso que si algo le pasaba toda su fortuna y titulo pasarían a su nieto, y si moría cuando el chico fuera muy joven, todo eso pasaría a un fondo de inversión hasta que este cumpliera la mayoría de edad, y si también moría Robin, el dinero se le daría a una caridad, apenas dejo dado una pensión para su hija. Era una cantidad para vivir dignamente pero Rodrid que era un mujeriego no se había casado por una vida digna si no de millonario, el tenía una carrera en politica y buen sueldo asi que esa pensión no fue nada para él, pero ya estaba casado, era politico y presidente de la liga cristiana conservadora se vería fatal para su imagen un divorcio. Por fuera eran el matrimonio perfecto pero Veronica tuvo que aguantar años de maltratos e infidelidades Rodrid siempre manejo una doble moral, los hizo vivir bajo el rigor de la iglesia, rigor al que él no se sometía, bebía y se iba con mujeres que no se molestaba en ocultar de su esposa, ella incapaz de admitir el error que había cometido y sujeta a las reglas estrictas que decían que la mujer debía aguantar a su esposo miraba para otro lado. Era una mujer hermosa, Robin se parecía a ella tenía el cabello como la miel mas pura, unos hermosas ojos avellana, su nariz respingada y esbelto. No habían tenido mas hijos y Robin había vivido como en una burbuja, en el fondo él sabía de la situación de sus papás pero no lo quería aceptar el había sido criado en las normas cristianas. Ocurrió al poco de graduarse después de cumplir los 17, su padre se había ido toda la noche o eso se suponía, él ya estaba dormido, pero Rodrid no paso toda la noche fuera, regreso antes de las 11:00 pm y encontró a Veronica en la cama con Tom. Nadie podía juzgar duramente a Veronica por hacer eso, había sido una mujer maltratada durante años, tal vez si estubiera con otro tipo diferente a Tom, él la habría entendido, pero por que él?. El hecho de que hubiera sido con Tomás lonescu, le había causado mas impacto de lo que pensó, Tom como le decían era su mejor amigo apesar de que era cinco años mayor que el, era entendible por que alguien encontraría a su amigo atractivo, tenía ese aspecto callejero de motociclista, tenía una barba corta y uno ojos azules que te miraban de una manera magnética. Tomás era el hijo de una sirvienta que había trabajado para ellos, crecieron juntos pero desde hacía un tiempo la cercania de su amigo le estaba generando ansiedad y unas sensaciones prohibidas que alguien en la religión no podía tener y que se negaba asi mismo. Los gritos de Rodrid lo despertaron y el también los vio en la cama, los ojos de Tom se chocaron con.los suyos. - lo siento fue lo único que al ojiazul le dijo antes de que Robin corriera a encerrarse en su cuarto, el despecho y la decepción hizo que se pusiera del lado de su padre y se fuera con el de la casa, meses después ebrio y frustrado su padre le había gritado que no era su hijo que su madre se había casado embarazada de un desconocido y que era una zorra. Y aunque después le había pedido disculpas estando sobrio nada pudo borrarlo, ese fue otro clavo para su ataúd, solo en los brazos de Viviana encontró respaldo y consuelo, quería reclamar a sus padres pero se supone que los hijos debían someterse a los padres sin chistar, otra cosa mas que reprimir, no podía dejar salir su enojo esos sentimientos no podían estar en un cristiano. Refugiandose con ella terminaron por tener relaciones ambos eran virgenes y se supone que esperarían a casarse como mandaba la biblia pero la soledad les hizo caer, como resultado Robin termino casándose a los 18, era lo correcto si lo habían hecho, Octaviano no había muerto pero le mando una fuerte cantidad de dinero y varios acciones que le deportaban ganancias mensuales, el tenía mucho y ya era viejo no necesitaba tanto dinero con eso se pago la universidad y compró una casa para él y su esposa, un año después nacio su hijo Nikolas, por breve tiempo se sintió en paz. Ahora estaba muerta, y el se había quedado solo con su hijo, se había mudado a un apartamento mas pequeño. Ahora tenía 22 y el amargo recuerdo de lo que había pasado necesitaba ayuda de un profecional pero eso era mal visto en su religión, ahora se estaba alistando para ir a la iglesia, su hijo de tres años ya estaba listo y en la sala. El se miraba en el espejo y parecía un hombre joven pero se sentía viejo. Peino su cabello rubio y una lágrima resbalo por su mejilla, el la seco y siguió cepillandose. Pero algo paso, su rostro en el espejo cambio su expresión a una leve sonrisa maliciosa, el no estaba sonriendo! El reflejo no se detuvo ahí y le guiño un ojo y le lanzó un beso. Eso fue el colmo del espanto y lo hizo pegar un grito y retroceder, acaso se había vuelto loco?! Bueno esta es mi primer historia aqui y espero que les guste y me sigan[Chapter 2] Tomás lonescu era hijo de Martha Beard, ella lo había tenido a los 17, era una muchacha humilde que se dejo seducir por lo que llamarían un galán de barrio, era de un atractivo de motociclista barba corta chaqueta de cuero, eso que hace a los chicos malos tan irresistibles. El solo la uso, y la dejo en cuanto tuvo lo que quería no le importo dejarla embarazada, el hermano del hombre le dio su apellido en un acto de resarcir lo que hizo su hermano. Pero no era mucho lo que podía hacer económicamente, también eran de bajos recursos, Martha no podías sacarles nada, la verdad ella tampoco era muy buena persona, tenía un terrible defecto, era envidiosa, ella trabajaba como muchacha del servicio en la casa de los Mandred una familia de asendencia noble, los cuales tenían una única hija Veronica solo unos años mayor, Martha envidiaba la belleza de Veronica y su posición privilegiada, mientras ella lavaba platos y baños desde niña, Veronica iba a las mejores escuelas y se iba de viaje. Veronica no tenía la culpa ella no tenía nada que ver con la vida de Martha, incluso desconocia el oscuro sentimiento que le despertaba, también la envidiosa mujer tenía otro defecto, la ingratitud ya que Veronica pensando que había afecto después de tanto tiempo viviendo juntas ya que Martha era una empleada interna por no tener a donde ir, le daba ropa, zapatos y hasta le daba joyas. Las chica se las solia poner frente al espejo para simular que tenía la vida que ella pensaba se merecia, pensaba ahorrar para ir a la universidad pero quedo embarazada, mas amargura para ella ya que la que consideraba su rival se estaba graduando de la universidad. La fantasía de la recién madre siempre había sido pescar un hombre rico de esos que venían a las fiestas que hacían para que la sacara de pobre o en su defecto sacarle una pensión para no tener que trabajar mas, ahora no podría con ese parasito como ella lo veía chupandole el poco sueldo que se ganaba, Veronica desconociendo el odio de la que consideraba su amiga convencio a sus padres de que dajaran que Martha vivira ahí con su hijo hasta le regalo pañales y ropita. Tuvo que trabajar el doble ya que le tocaba cuidar a ese niño, al que no le tenía paciencia, gritos y golpes le daba cada vez que podía incluso por cosas como ensuciar el pañal. Desde que pudo sostener un trapo lo puso a limpiar, largas jornadas de trabajo para un niño de cuatro años cuando no lo hacía bien lo insultaba. Ni siquiera pensaba ponerlo en la escuela pero Veronica la convención de que por lo menos lo pusiera en una escuela pública y que ella le daría los útiles y el uniforme. Cuando Veronica se caso Martha sintió un poco de alivio ya que el esposo de Veronica era un patán, los padres de ella al no soportaron se fueron pero le dejaron la casa. Para cuando Tomás cumplió los 7 años ya sabía que no era bienvenido por su madre también paso algo cuando cumplió esa edad, su madre tuvo otra hija, su hermana Heily era hija de un hombre rico al que Martha envolvió una noche en una fiesta que organizaron en la casa. Clements Schulz fue el nombre del elegido un banquero de buena reputación, el tampoco se caso con ella, pero era un hombre viudo que había intentado por años tener hijos con su difunta esposa asi que se volvio loco con la idea de una hija. El se tenía que casar con una mujer de su alcurnia asi que dijo que tenía una mujer en otro país y viajaba mucho, cuando Heily nació la trajo diciendo que había enviudado de nuevo, no quería que supieran que era hija de una sirvienta. No consiguió casarse con un rico pero si dejar de trabajar ya que Clements no solo se encargo de darle todos los lujos a Heily si no que le paso una mensualidad a Martha lo suficiente para no tener que trabajar mas, ella quería una casa como la de Veronica pero esa costaba mucho, entonces llegaron al acuerdo de que él le pagaría una renta por la casa de huespedes que tenían en la enorme piscina, era como un apartamento de lujo, con una enorme habitación con jacuzzi. Era el sueño por que aparte de pagar esa renta le pasaba una cantidad para vivir, ya no tenia que trabajar tenía la vida hecha. - hola mi pequeña princesa dijo cargando a Heily era su hija soñada, ella era fina y todo lo que le hubiera gustado ser, todos estubieron de acuerdo en no decirle a nadie, Heily si lo sabía, ella tuvo todo hasta las cosas que no tienen valor como el amor de su madre. Al crecer fue una joven hermosa pero consentida y odiosa, ella junto con su madre le hacían desprecios a su hermano. El se quedo en el cuarto de servicio, su mamá apenas si le daba comida asi que el que era chofer de la casa en ese entonces un señor de edad avanzada le enseño algunas cosas de mecánica. Asi se ganaba algunos pesos arreglando una que otra cosa. El tuvo una etapa rebelde, consumio drogas y andaba en fiestas, es difícil no comportarse como basura si te tratan asi. Pero las cosas no fueron tan malas pudo tener un poco de felicidad, Robin, el hijo de los dueños de la casa era su mejor amigo casi su hermano, era menor que el cinco años era el responsable de todas sus alegrias, le gustaba verlo mientras se bañaba en la piscina, le resultaban hermosos esos hoyuelos que se le formaban cuando reía a carcajadas, su cabello de miel y como brillaba en el sol. El y Robin siempre estaban juntos hasta que ocurrió, fue cuando Tomás tenía 22 años, el esposo de Veronica la trataba muy mal, y era indignante ver a su madre sonreir levemente cuando lo hacía, mas de una vez Tomás se había metido para que Rodrid no le pegara. Ese día los dos estaban bebiendo para olvidar un poco las vidas que le tocaron a cada uno entre trago y trago terminaron en la cama, fue una locura, ella le doblaba la edad ni él la amaba ni ella a él, pero asi pasan a veces las cosas solo basta una vez para que todo se arruine, los descubrieron, el matrimonio por fin se acabo aunque eso no lo hicieron público. Lo que mas le dolió a Tom es ver los ojitos color avellana de Robin llorando, lo lamentaba mucho, esa era la mamá de su amigo jamás debió hacer eso. Tuvo con que irse de la casa, eso no importaba ya que dos años atrás su padre se había puesto en contacto con él, el hombre era dueño de un pequeño taller de barrio y quería dárselo, al principio Tom estaba reacio después de todo parte de lo que había pasado con su madre era responsable el. Pero cambio cuando se entero de que su padre se estaba muriendo, por que no darle una oportunidad? Por lo menos el parecia interesado en una relacion con él, le pidió que hiciera un curso de macánica por lo menos ya el sabía todo de manera empirica, su padre había muerto hace unos meses y el se quedo con el taller que le alcanzaba para susistir con modestia, en el que había al fondo un apartamento muy humilde con un baño pequeño, y un cuarto en el que apenas cabía una cama y una estufa. No soportaba a su mamá pero no se había ido por estar cerca de Robin, y ahora lo había perdido, el rubio le ponía buena cara por que se supone que un cristiano no debía tener resentimientos. Pero sabía que lo había herido, y que la relación jamás volvería hacer la misma, y no se equivoco el rubio lo evitaba constantemente. Uno de los momentos en que fue feliz es cuando Heily se fijo en Robin pero el no le presto atención y se fijo en otra, en Viviana, a Viviana no le gustaba mucho Tom, ya que en el fondo podía verse que tenían cierta química. Fue un rato amargo cuando Robin había desaparecido, lo creyó muerto, cuando aparecio le volvio el alma al cuerpo aunque Viviana había muerto dejándolo con un hijo bebé Nikolas. Ni aun asi lo dejo acercarse, podía ver como Robin se hundía en la de depresión, los demás no se daban cuenta pero él lo conocia muy bien. Ese día había una fiesta elegante en la liga política cristiana, a él no lo habían invitado solo le habían dado un puesto de mesero y acepto por ver Robin, su hermana si estaba ahí como la hija de un adinerado banquero pero no lo determino no iba a tener un hermano inferior,vio llegar a Robin.[Chapter 3] Tom podía ver a toda la gente que estaba en ese lugar, los consideraba hipocritas, farsantes que solo se comían y bebían por apariencia ya que se alimentaban de chismes y la desgracia ajena, pudo ver a una de las las mas venenosas, Diana Zaneti una mujer que se había casado con un nuevo rico como los llamaban para despojarlo de todo y dejar a la hija del anterior matrimonio de su marido en le calle una vez este murio. - es Valentina Brawn Zaneti,ya se que primero va a el Brawn pero el único apellido que vale la pena es el mio dijo la mujer soltando una risa que fue coreada por las demas brujas, ella se refería a Valentina Brawn alias \"Tita\", su única hija, la chica agachó la cabeza por el comentario de su madre. Pobre chica, Tom la recordaba tenía un año menos que Robin y había ido a la misma escuela que el, la recordaba como una adolescente obesa y con frenillos, también como todas las chicas excepto Viviana, solían hacerle bullying en especial Heily, Tita suspiraba por Robin pero demasido insignificante para que la viera, debió ser difícil con una madre esbelta y criticona. No fue de extrañar que Tita cayera en las garras de un profesor que la sedujo, solía aprovecharse de ella en el aula de maestros cuando nadie estaba, como lo sabe? Gracias a Heily que un día los siguió e invito a todos abriendo la puerta con una llave maestra y dejándolos a la vista en plena accion, Heily lo difundio por todas partes al profesor lo despidieron pero a ella le toco la peor parte y le gritaban zorra ni hablar de su reputación que quedo destruida en especial en un colegio cristiano, en cuanto se gradúo se fue a Francia allí tuvo un caso de bulimia y perdió mucho peso, se caso con un frances siendo la chica tan impulsiva pero se divorcio ya que el tipo la grabo teniendo sexo y lo público, o eso se rumoraba. Tita se veía diferente ahora a sus 21 años, tenía un bonito cuerpo debajo de toda esa grasa que perdió, de cara no era hermosa pero tampoco fea, tanía un lindo cabello largo en una tonalidad rojiza como el de su madre y lo ojos azul claro. Sus curvas se pronunciaban mas que Heily eso debía estar matando a su hermana, por que tal vez Tita no tenía la cara de muñeca de ella pero si tenía los senos mucho mas grandes tanto que se notaban jugosos dejandose ver en ese escote de un vestido negro que dejaba al descubierto que ahora tenía la cintura pequeña y las caderas redondeadas. Supuso que después de tanto tiempo le gustaría mostrar su cuerpo apesar de los reclamos de su madre. Robin estaba pálido y se veía nervioso algo había pasado, pero estaban muy distanciados, podía ver como Heily le coqueteaba, para molestia de Tomas de seguro esta vez si conseguía tener una relacion con el, Robin se estaba graduando de política y quería entrar y el padre de Heily tenía los medios y las palancas, sabía como pensaba el rubio siempre se iba por lo mas lógico ella era la opción mas indicada era una cristiana militante e hija de alguien con buen nombre aparentemente ella era una mujer recatada se vestia decorosamente, pero Tom sospechaba que no era tan asi y que Martha le solapaba ya que mas de una vez vio salir a desconocidos del cuarto de ella, pero tenía tan poca credibilidad con el de ojos avellana que no le creería nada. Busco la oportunidad de acercarse pero al momento de querer hacerlo Tita se le adelanto. - hola! Dijo la chica de una manera abrupta de seguro estaba nerviosa por que de adolescente había estado enamorada de Robin, de hecho todas habían querido algo con el era un gran partido, guapo, con dinero y se supone que era un hombre de bien, por eso su hermana lo quería atrapar. - hola dijo el rubio sin ubicar bien a la mujer voluptuosa que estaba frente a él. - yo soy Valentina Brawn, fuimos juntos a la escuela, no me reconoces por que yo pesaba como media tonelada y usaba frenos. - ah... Robin iba a decirle \"la gorda caliente\" por que asi la apodaron a sus espaldas pero le parecio de mal gusto ya no eran adolescentes. - que bien que me recuerdas, es que llegue ayer a la ciudad y queria ver si podíamos salir... - lo lamento, pero no creo que sea conveniente le dijo Robin, Tita no era su tipo de mujer se exhibía mucho, el solo se podía meter con mujeres de su religión además de todos lo escándalos que tenía la muchacha encima. - hola, mi papá quiere hablar contigo le dijo Heyli abrazandose al brazo del rubio - disculpa le dijo dejando a la pelirroja ahí y mientras que Heily le sonreía de manera triunfal, hasta Tom sintió pena por ella. Su presentimiento no estuvo equivocado ahí mismo hicieron público su noviazgo. - maldita sea dijeron en coro Tomás y Valentina, ambos se miraron pensado en los motivos del otro para decir eso. No lo podía creer se encontraba frente al espejo, acaso su reflejo le había guiñado un ojo?, se talló los ojos y miro de nuevo, todo parecía bien, se movia y el reflejo lo imitaba, ya se estaba volviendo loco? Lo lógico sería que fuera a un sicólogo pero eso estaba mal visto los padecimientos mentales estaban asociados a demonios, iría a rezar a la iglesia. Fue a esa fiesta aunque no tenía ganas de ir, sabria que tendría que formalizar con Heily desde hace tiempo venía coqueteándole era una mujer bonita y seguidora de las normas, el problema es que no lo atraía apesar de todo la consideraba una mujer odiosa y pesada, pero su padre le había insinudado que lo ayudaría a entrar al mundo de la Politica si se comprometía con su hija, a el nunca le gusto como ella y su madre trataban a Tomás pero desde que lo descubrió con su madre le perdió un poco de simpatía ahora le estaba huyendo. - cuando vas a querer hablar conmigo? Cuando me vas a perdonar? Le dijo Tom al acercarse por fin lo suficiente - yo no estoy enojado, es pecado no perdonar - asi, pues demuestramelo, vamos a vernos mañana - no puedo yo... - aunque Heily no lo reconozca yo voy hacer tu cuñado. - bien, donde quieres? - a las 8:00 pm en esta dirección, solo quiero que resolvamos esto, ya pasaron varios años y nunca volví a ver a Varonica. Robin también quería resolver las cosas Tom le hacía falta, miro a Valentina en un rincón, se sentía mal por haberla rechazado asi, seguro fuera de este circulo tenía pretendientes podía ver sus piernas largas y sus pechos abultados, pero aquí no era bienvenida. Llevo a su nueva novia a su casa, fue un viaje muy aburrido ya que ella solo hablaba de su cabello, de lo guapo que era, y de los lugares lujosos en los que se había ido de vacaciones, en cuanto la dejo la joven llamo aun amante de turno para que la llevara a un motel no se le iba a ofrecer a Robin aun siendo su novio ya que eso haría que pensara que era la chica fácil que de hecho era, asi que prefería saciar sus instintos con otros. Ignorante de esto Robin llegaba a su casa con su hijo cargado y lo fue acostar. Algo se notaba al entrar a su habitación, no sabía bien que era pero se respiraba en el ambiente, miro con recelo el espejo y se paro frente a él, hizo movimientos que evidentemente este imitaba, pero era diferente de la primera vez ahora le parecía que lo hacía para hacerle mofa. No, eran ideas de él, aun asi lo cubrió con una sabana para poder dormir, una de las cosas por lo que quería tener novia era por que se moría por casarse, ya no quería dormir solo se levantaba por las noches agitado, se quedo dormido siempre procuraba cansarse mucho para caer fundido. No sabe por que abrió los ojos pero eran las 2:00 am cuando lo hizo, se acomodo en la cama y vio el espejo que estaba frente a su cama, ya no tenía la manta y eso le erizo la piel, pudo haberse caído pero algo le decía que no había sido asi, su corazón empezó a latir fuerte cuando él comenzó a levantarse en el reflejo mientras que se encontraba inmovil en entre las sabanas, otra vez su odioso imitador tenía la sonrisa burlona en la cara, Robin trato de gritar pero su lengua estaba congelada en su boca, y si pudiera a quién llamaría? A Nikolas? Estaba solo, solo con su clon.[Chapter 4] Robin no lo podía creer mientras no se podía mover su reflejo gateaba hasta el con una sonrisa sadica y un brillo maligno en los ojos, el reflejo estiro los brazos de su contraparte salieron del espejo estirándose como si fueran de goma. El muchacho quería gritar pero no podía, sintió los manos frias de esa entidad que tomaba su forma, lo jalaban rumbo al espejo, el rubio se sintió deslizar por la cama con un gran terror, tanto que se orino encima en estos momentos deseaba mucho tener a alguien a su lado. Despertó de golpe con un grito que desgarro su garganta, se pudo mover, ya era de día, todo había sido una pesadilla, el espejo estaba aun cubierto con la sabana, tenía casi los pies tocando el piso debió haberse movido en sueños, sintió humedad, por dios! Ya era un adulto para eso. Vio el relog eran las 5:15 am, era aun temprano para llevar a Nikolas a la guardería tenía aun mas de una hora para dormir pero no le interesaba con ese tipo de pesadillas si no fuera por que ese espejo era una antiguedad lo botaría, lo sacó de su habitación y lo metió en un cuarto desocupado, metió las sabanas a la lavadora dentro de poco vendría Adela que era la señora a la que le pagaba por hacer el aseo le daba verguenza que viera que mojo la cama, se dio una ducha para cuando llego la señora el ya le estaba haciendo el desayuno. - por que hace esto? Para eso estoy yo, me vas a dejar sin trabajo le dijo la mujer sonriendo. - ayudame alistar a Niko le pidió - papi, por que gritabas? Le pregunto el niño que había heredado sus ojos avellana - pasa algo malo? Pregunto Adela una vez había alistado al niño y se disponía a limpiar la cocina - no, solo una pesadilla. La mujer venía muy temprano hacía el desayuno, limpiaba la casa y se iba dejándole el almuerzo hecho, era viernes y los fines de semana no vendría, no había mucho que limpiar ya que Nikolas se quedaba el sabado y el domingo con sus abuelos maternos, llevo al niño a la escuela. Después de dajarlo iba a ir a la iglesia no tenía mucho que hacer el lunes empezaría en el trabajo el papá de su nueva novia le había conseguido en la politica perfecto para ir asendiendo, su celular sonó, era Heily. - hola linda le dijo Robin - quería ver como habías amenecido mi amor le dijo la muchacha cínicamente ya que estaba desnuda en la cama de el amante de turno que le besaba el cuerpo mientras esta tapaba el teléfono para que Robin no escuchara las pequeñas risas. - estoy bien dijo titubeando un poco no sabía si decirle ya que con Viviana siempre pudo hablar de cualquier cosa pero Heily no se veía como alguien que entendiera. - quisiera que salieramos le dijo la chica que le hacía señas al tipo con el que estaba para que no hiciera ruidos. - quieres que pase por ti ahora? Le pregunto Robin la verdad la muchacha no le gustaba pero tal vez si pasaba mas tiempo con ella empezara a sentir algo estaba nervioso por el encuentro con Tom y esa atracción que le generaba su ex amigo, no quería sentir eso por otro hombre, estaba mal, necesitaba agarrarse de algo lo ultimo fue del sentimiento por Vivi a ahora estaba en el aire y se sentía desprotegido, temblaba un poco, siempre estaba nervioso y detestaba sentirse solo en la casa en la tarde tendría que llevar a su hijo a la casa de los papas de Viviana, debía ir a un sicólogo pero eso no era bien visto. - no, ya yo voy saliendo para allá, estaba pensando en ir al cine o algo le dijo Heily vistiéndose - bien, vamos almorzar y después de que pasemos por mi hijo vamos al cine le dijo pues si eran en serio sería mejor que se fueran conociendo. - Claro estupendo, adios amor le dijo la mujer y colgo, no estaba nada contenta de pasar la tarde con un mocoso, ahora tendrían que ver una estúpida pelicula de niños. - era tu novio? Le pregunto el tipo - si, ya debo irme a la iglesia antes de que llegue - y qué? No te gusta? - claro que si, es un bombon - y por que lo tienes de cornudo al muy idiota? Le pregunto el desconocido - por que tengo mis necesidades le dijo Heily - por que no las satisfaces con él? - por que quiero que se case conmigo, cree que soy virgen asi que lo hare desear - y no se dara cuenta? - no, es muy cofiado, en menos de un año hago que se case conmigo, yo se trucos para aparentar virginidad el solo ha estado con una mujer en toda su vida, ella no era virgen por ningún lado desde los 14. Heily sabía que de seguro Viviana también era virgen confiaba en su ingenuidad para engañarlo cuando se casaran vería como deshacerse de el niño, no le gustaban. Llego a la iglesia vestida de una manera recatada como todos los demas se sento y unos minutos después llego Robin que se puso a su lado. - mira como viene vestida la zorra de la hija de Diana Zaneti le dijo señalando a Robin e indicándole que mirara a Tita que había llegado con un vestido blanco y corto que dejaba ver sus piernas largas, aun que este era un poco mas largo que el otro. Tita sintió la mirada de todos, y como murmuraban una vez había intentado vestirse como ellas con vestidos y faldas largas, pero igual murmuraban cosas como \"quién la ve\" o \"ahora quiere hacer ver que es santa\". Asi que mejor se vestía como le daba la gana, no sabía por que tanta molestía en su contra la mitad de las mujeres aquí le eran infieles a sus maridos con la otra mitad, a ella la sedujo un profesor cuando aun era adolescente y lo del video no fue su culpa no sabía que Jean como se llamaba su ex esposo la estaba filmando, creyó que si bajaba de peso las cosas serían mejor pero fue igual, su madre siguió fastidiandola ahora no por gorda si no por la manera en la que se vestía, de dio cuenta de que Robin había volteado a verla asi que sonrio ampliamente moviendo la mano de manera enérgica el le de volvio el saludo mas por compromiso que otra cosa. Después de que salieron Robin la llevo a un buen lugar, se esmero de verdad Heily era tan aburrida, Viviana no era asi, todo lo que hacía su actual novia era chismear y hablar de trivialidades, a el le parecia solo un bulto gris. En cambio a Tom lo veía de colores, tal vez tenía que ver con que el no seguía las normas ni dogmas impuestos, siempre estaba con una mujer diferente, el era un libertino y pertenecia a otro círculo. Una vez iban por Nikolas Heily fingió un dolor de estómago alegando que le había hecho daño la comida, Robin dijo que la llevaría al medico, pero ella le dijo que se recostaría y si se ponía peor le avisaba, no tenía nada de ganas de pasar la tarde viendo dibujos animados, una vez en su casa Heily llamo a su amante al que no encontró pero por eso no la varaba tenía a un hombre de repuesto. Por su parte Robin fue con su hijo al cine y después lo llevo con sus abuelos Federico y Miranda. Se sintió un poco decepcionado ya que esperaba que Heily se quedara con el, faltaban un par de horas para verse con Tom y de verdad no quería estar solo en su casa. Ya eran las 7:30 pm y Tom terminaba de peinarse ya debía partir para verse con Robin, extrañaba mucho aquellos días en que se quedaba hasta la madrugada con el y los demas, pero el grupo se fragmento un poco después de lo de Veronica al único que veía de vez en cuando era a Fernando que curiosamente era primo de Robin. - te vas a tardar mucho? Le pregunto Sasha que estaba desnuda entre las sabanas era una mujer bien formada y noviecita de turno. - eso espero, quiero solucionar todo con él - me voy a poner celosa dijo la mujer a modo de broma pero eso produjo una leve sonrisa en Tom, no estaba muy lejos de la verdad. La cita era en un bar donde tocaban música romantica, vendían alcohol pero también comida asi que estaba bien para su sano amigo. - llevas mucho esperando? Le pregunto Tom ya que al sentarse en la mesa donde lo esperaba Robin noto que este ya se estaba acabando un helado de fresa y salsa de chocolate, Tomás sonrió recordaba que era su favorito. - supongo que sabes de que quiero hablar? - yo no quisiera mencionar eso le dijo Robin. Si extrañaba las quedarse hasta tarde viendo peliculas con Tom. ","Summary":" Se encontraba corriendo no sabe como había logrado escapar de ese castillo, pero estaba adolorido, "},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"James Bond Never Had to put up with this!","Author":"lederra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11838467","Passage":"[Chapter 1] James Bond never had to put up this! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters of the Notting Hill universe they are merely the property of their owner and as such I make no money from this or any other story that I write for this site. Summary: A look at the kind of stuff that James Bond never had to put up with while driving madly through the London traffic, to help the love life of one of his best friends. A/N: One of my favourites lines from this film is towards the end when they are racing to the hotel to stop Anna from leaving and everyone if trying to tell the driver, Max, which is the best route and he slams the breaks on and shouts, \"James Bond never had to put up with this shit\" Unfortunately due to fanfictions rules I am not allowed to put the word 'shit' into the title as knowing my luck someone would find it offensive and complain and the story would be removed. Everyone scrambled for the car when it had been realized that a huge mistake had been made on Williams part, and as they raced through the heavy traffic that was normal on the streets of London, all with an idea of the best route to get to the hotel that Anna was giving a press conference in before leaving the country for the U.S. \"Take the left down...\" \"No that will be gridlocked at this time of day, take the junction onto...\" \"Don't be a moron that will get us stuck at...\" Max listened with half a ear to their attempts to tell him the right way to go, he was starting to become frustrated with them and he knew that sooner or later he would have to say something. \"No take a left on Maybourne road...\" \"No taking a left on that road will get us stuck on the lights at Roley Street, take the right onto...\" \"No, no, no, keep going till we get to the lights at the end and then...\" The different directions they were arguing about getting more and more frustrating and in the end he slammed his foot on the brake. \"ENOUGH, I AM THE DRIVER AND I WILL DECIDE WHAT ROUTE WE ARE TAKING!\" he screamed at them. \"Sorry Max...\" \"Yeah sorry Max...\" \"Sorry!\" Max shook his head as he took his foot off the brake and the car started moving again. Muttering to himself as he took the route he felt was best, no changing at the lights at the end of the road, or turning right onto this road or that, or any other than he wanted to drive on. \"James Bond never had to put up with this shit!\" A/N: That's all folks! ","Summary":" James Bond never had to put up this! Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters of the Notting "},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Happiness is Violin-Playing Goats","Author":"Witty Eagle Proud Ravenclaw","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10476483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Happiness is Violin-Playing Goats Author Note: Notting Hill is Richard Curtis' brainchild. Film star and bookstore clerk was the central line between them The mild-mannered Londoner matched with a beautiful gem From an orange juice spill to a cozy lay-down on a bench When Anna opened up, she truly came out of the trench Honest care, so smooth, smooth like apricots in honey Honest love, that's what Will gave, he wasn't in for money Fame all melted away when Anna was beside him His family and friends welcomed her, never - for once - being dim Blue doors are like blue skies to Anna - good breaks from it all Especially a certain Will Thacker's - she loved his thrall They saw something in the other that fit like a jigsaw Happiness is violin-playing goats, and so much more ","Summary":" Happiness is Violin-Playing Goats Author Note: Notting Hill is Richard Curtis' brainchild. Film sta"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Special Delivery","Author":"autumnrose2010","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6239251","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Anna was sitting in the recliner watching TV when her water broke. She dashed to the bathroom leaving drops of water behind her. William looked up from the newspaper he was reading, startled. \"Anna?\" \"Yes, it's time,\" she told him. They collected the suitcase which had been packed and ready for a couple of weeks and headed for the hospital. On the way there Anna felt some contractions that were quite powerful. She practiced her breathing exercises. At the hospital she was taken up to the labor and delivery floor in a wheelchair. A smiling nurse greeted her. \"Hi, I'm Julie.\" She got Anna settled into bed and started her IV. \"Could I please have something for pain?\" Anna asked. \"Sure.\" Julie added a dose of Demerol to her IV. Anna lay back and closed her eyes, waiting for the medicine to take effect. William paced nervously around the room. \"Are you OK, hon?\" he asked her. \"In a few minutes I will be.\" The medicine was giving her a pleasant buzz in her head. William's voice sounded far away to her. She had a couple of contractions which she didn't feel at all. Julie checked her and told her that she was dilated four centimeters. William had found the remote control. \"What would you like to watch, love?\" he asked her. \"I'd rather have music,\" she said. William found the relaxation CD and put it in the CD player and turned the CD player on. He sat in a chair by the bed and gazed at the woman he loved. He was so glad that he had taken a chance on love once again. And now he was going to be a father, something he had dreamed of for so long. He and Anna had been married for about a year when they both decided that they wanted a baby and Anna went off the Pill. They tried for several months only to be disappointed when it didn't happen. Then Anna started feeling queasy in the mornings and tired all day, and her breasts became swollen. William would never forget the day she took the pregnancy test and they waited on the results together. When the test came back positive he gave a whoop of joy and hugged Anna and kissed her passionately on the lips. Anna's pregnancy was fairly routine. After the first few months the queasiness and tiredness went away, and she was thrilled the day she felt their baby's movements for the first time. William remembered the two of them lying in bed together with his hand on her swollen belly so that he could feel every kick and turn of their little one. The nurse came in and examined Anna and said that she was now dilated six centimeters. Anna asked for more Demerol. Several hours later Anna's contractions became stronger and closer together. William helped her with the breathing exercises they had learned together. \"God, Will, I don't think that I can take any more of this,\" she cried. \"I feel just like I'm being ripped apart.\" \"You're doing just fine, honey,\" he told her. \"Just a little bit more and it will all be over.\" Anna's eyes held a look of panic. \"But I don't think that I can take much more of this!\" she said. Just then the doctor came in and examined Anna. He put her feet up in stirrups and told her to push hard whenever he said to. By now the contractions were washing over Anna like waves on an angry sea. She looked frightened. William looked at her helplessly, wishing that he could take the pain for her himself. It was so very difficult for him to see the woman he loved in this much pain. \"Push hard, Anna,\" the doctor said. She grabbed the sides of the bed and pushed as hard as she could, grimacing with the effort. William watched, fascinated, as the baby's head began to appear. The doctor performed an episiotomy, and William watched as the rest of the baby's body gracefully slid out. \"It's a girl!\" the doctor said. There she lay, wrinkled and red and kicking and screaming. William was overcome with an emotion he had never felt before. Fascinated, he watched as his daughter was weighed and measured and her Apgar score was taken. Then she was wrapped in a blanket and placed in her father's arms. Anna was still having her episiotomy repaired. \"Is she all right?\" she asked William. \"She's beautiful, just like her mother,\" he said with a grin. He gently placed baby Kayleigh Anna in her arms. \"Oh look, Will, she has your eyes,\" Anna said. They both gazed lovingly at their daughter's big blue eyes. \"Welcome to the world, Kayleigh Anna Thacker,\" William said, kissing his daughter's tiny hand. ","Summary":" Anna was sitting in the recliner watching TV when her water broke. She dashed to the bathroom leavi"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Grainy Love","Author":"ohfrick","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2414066","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notting Hill fanfiction. Short piece on Anna coming to see Will. Anna muses on Will, and everything else. Lines in italics are from the script. Grainy Love Anna is shaking. She's falling apart. Those godawful pictures finally came to surface. It's quite common really, when you're a poor struggling actress trying to make it in the big city. Anna knows all the cliches about the lifestyle, but she never really tried to defy them. She had the pictures taken; it was quick cash. Anna tries to rationalize it as she heads towards Will's. The house with the blue door. It's mine. But there is no rationalization. The pictures are there, they're sold. Someone filmed her so it looks like a movie, as well. They're in every magazine just like she always is and they're there forever. And what's worse of all, is they're real. It wouldn't be so bad if they were fake, because that happens all of the time. Actresses being pasted on young, nubile bodies. Tabloid readers always hungry for a scandal, a couple clever lines to sell a newspaper. But when they're real , that it is you, it's different. I don't know where to go. She would go to Will. The press was like a pack of wolves waiting at the hotel door, but nobody knew of that little house in Notting Hill with the blue door. A place where a world famous actress wouldn't really be likely to visit. Perfection. I have thought about you. Anna thinks about Will constantly. On the set. 'Will would find that funny'. In her hotel room. 'I'll have honey-soaked apriocots to room 218 please.' Even when she was with her boyfriend, which is quite pathetic, but Anna knows that Hollywood relationships are cold and fake and last for a couple days, so she doesn't feel that guilty. None of those childish kebab stories you get in so many travel books these days. He makes her laugh, even with stupid jokes about honey-soaked apricots. She wants him to feed those to her now, and let her recline into his chest, hidden from the glare of the spotlight. Surreal but nice. Her mind is flooded with images of Will, of orange juice soaked shirts and messy flats. Things that are real - not glitz and glamour like everything that surrounds her. Two entirely different worlds, and yet, they met. I mean, I'll tell myself sometimes but... don't worry-- I won't believe it. He doesn't treat her like an object, like a prize. Never wears the airs of 'Look at the modest shopkeeper with the famous actress on his arm.' Her boyfriend does. 'I don't want to be the big actor with the fat girlfriend.' As if she'd eat more than a couple bites; she's been starving for ten years. I think goodbye is traditional. But she doesn't want goodbye. She knows she crushed Will, leading him on, like they were such a good thing. They are, but her boyfriend just..showed up. But they're over, and now all she wants is Will. All she wants is the house with the blue door, the reporters nowhere to be seen, and a young man at the door holding apricots soaked in honey. ","Summary":" Notting Hill fanfiction. Short piece on Anna coming to see Will. Anna muses on Will, and everything"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Him","Author":"Errol's Feather","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7785964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors Note: The song on the start of the movie is called she, and focuses on Anna. I always wanted to do as story that did the same with William. Disclaimer: I don't own Notting hill and I don't make any money from it. Him As Anna looked around the table, hearing the different jokes and conversations she couldn't help but to feel right at place. She was holding back a bit at first not being used to this setting. In fact over the past ten years she couldn't even remember being a part like something like this. This group of people seemed to be just like a family for each other. She wasn't sure how long they in fact had known each other, other than it had to be forever. How else would they know William's nickname Flopsy. She had laughed when she heard, finding it very funny, wondering why he was actually called that. In fact she had laughed more that night then she had in the longest time, it was the first time she had allowed herself to loosen up and really enjoy herself. So what if this group of people wasn't famous and just regular. Regular like him…She soon found that that was just what she loved about them. And of course him. She knew from the moment she had first kissed him that she loved him, who he was the one she wanted to spend the rest of her life with. And if they came with that she didn't really mind. Anna looked over at William chuckling over something being said. His blue eyes were twinkling and his smile made a shiver of joy run down her spine. He made her feel so safe, so at ease, so loved. By taking her here this very evening without even thinking twice about it, he had given her something no one else had given her before, a sense of belonging. The feeling of being part of a group. Of course she had been part of many groups over the years, only they were fake, but this on the other hand was real. There was nothing fake about the happy giggles going around the table or the sorrows they were sharing over the final brownie. They were real people, with real emotions, and they cared about each other in a very unique way. They would always be there for each other and have each other's back. And just for one evening she was lucky to be a part of that. As they left the house she could hear them shout, because she had been there. The famous star everyone wanted to be with. She found it a bit amusing; they would be talking about that for some time. Again she felt really glad about going there; making their evening great, they had done the same for her. As they walked around the streets, she felt safe and warm, like she could talk to him forever about anything. They didn't seem to run out of subjects either. She loved the way he smiled and his happy chuckles. Not to mention how he struggled to get over the fence in the park, it had amused her enough to smile. And she knew right then that she had to kiss him, there was no way around it and she wanted to do just that, so she did. He looked at her in surprise then followed her. She had never felt happier than she did right then, and it was because of him. No one had ever treated her that way and she loved it. In fact she loved him more than she had every loved anyone. She knew from the second time she bumped into him and she followed him to his house to change that there was something there. She knew she wanted to see him again, and she also did. As they sat down on the bench in the park, her head resting in his lap, she wished they could stay like that forever. This, right here was what she wanted, someone that cared about her, someone that treated her the way she wanted to be treated, someone that didn't use her, someone that really seemed to care about her. Love her even. Someone that in her eyes was perfect. Someone like him. Feedback always welcome and very much appreciated :o) ","Summary":" Authors Note: The song on the start of the movie is called she, and focuses on Anna. I always wante"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Notting Hill","Author":"shyjin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10240730","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Name: Jin Yang Due Date: 04/04/2014 Notting hill Anna scott is a famous actress. She is the most beautiful woman in the world. But she is arrogance. William Thacker is the owner of a small travel book shop in Huntsville. His wife left him and then he lives in a small apartment with his friend. His name is Spike and he is a very fun guy. He always stays home and enjoys life. One day, Anna enters his store and he sees her. But he cannot believe it. He always dreams of meeting her. Because most men like her and he is a big fan of her. He hesitates to approach her and then he misses her. After a few minutes, he bumps into her. At that time he spills orange juice on her clothes. He apologizes her and offers stop by his apartment. She accepts his offer. When they arrive at his apartment, Spike is wearing the strange clothes and he is dancing to music. He looks very fun. She says hello but he focuses on dancing. Even though he does not know her. She is surprised and embarrassed. Because she is always in the spotlight. So, she tries to get his attention. Finally, he stops dancing and start talking to her. They have a joke with each other. At that time, Will watches this situation and interrupts their talking because he wants to have time with her. However, she has good feeling about Spike. Eventually, Anna and spike spend time having lunch except Will. So, Will reluctantly comes back to his book store and works hard. He realizes the difference reality and movie story. He is a common man who cannot fall in love with a famous movie star. ","Summary":" Name: Jin Yang Due Date: 04/04/2014 Notting hill Anna scott is a famous actress. She is the most be"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"The Curse of Gilda","Author":"Kameka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1469930","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Fandom : Notting Hill (movie-verse, of course) Rating : G Disclaimers :xa0rnAnna Scott, William Thacker, and Spike do not belong to me.xa0 Neither does the Notting Hill movie-verse orrnthe village of Notting Hill itself (obviously.)xa0 I am making no money by writing this, and suing me will get yournvery little in the way or reward. Timeline : Takes place after Anna leaves William'srnflat the morning after making love, after the photographs hit the media. Notes :xa0 Thisrnincludes two deleted scenes that did not make the final cut in the movie itselfrnbut are included at the end of the VHS and, I assume, the DVD as well.xa0 More information on the deleted scenes is atrnthe end.xa0 Many thanks to Jo for readingrnover this fic and offering suggestions, etc.xa0rnAny mistakes are my own. Summary :xa0 Everrnwonder what Anna was thinking when she left William's flat after Spike toldrnpeople where she was and she had that argument with William?xa0 This fan/writer's thoughts in this fairlyrnshort character introspection fic. The Curse of Gilda By: Kameka Anna Scott made her way through the crowd of Britishrnpaparazzi, eternally grateful for the human shield that hired bodyguards formedrnas flashbulb after flashbulb went off in her face.xa0 Reporters yelled her name, attempting not only to get her attentionrnbut also to get answers to their questions.xa0rnQuestions that she didn't want to answer.xa0 Questions that she wasn't sure how to answer. Do you have anything to say about the photographs? Whose flat is this? Who is the man who opened the door? What is your relationship with him? She gave a choked half-laugh, half-sob at the lastrnquestion. What was herrnrelationship with him, with William Thacker? She repeated to herself,rnfrowning when the inner voice that everyone depended on to be honest sounded slightlyrnhysterical.xa0 That was definitely thernsixty-four million dollar question.xa0rnWait, wrong country: thirty million pound question. She knew what she wanted the relationship to be, what was inrnthe back of her mind even as she made her way through the bustling crowds ofrnNotting Hill, covertly watching the surrounding faces for any sign ofrnrecognition as she made her way to the blue door.xa0 To the sanctuary that beckoned and promised safety from thernprying eyes and questions, from the hornet's nest that the reappearance of arndecade-old roll of film had stirred up. She should have expected to get stung, sooner or later.xa0 As soon as that stupid, uncomfortable photornshoot had ended, as soon as she had quickly drawn on her clothing, even whilernaccepting the promised money, she had regretted her decision.xa0 She'd gone through with it for one reasonrnonly, a simple one at that: the money.xa0rnPretty much anyone who only had fifteen dollars to her name and nornauditions in the next few weeks, no prospect of a job that would pay enough forrnanything would have taken the chance.xa0rnEspecially when so many of her friends, other struggling actors andrnactresses who worked their tails off working underpaid jobs and going tornauditions and still not having enough money to pay rent and have decent,rnregular meals did the same thing.xa0 Ifrnthey did it, why shouldn't she?xa0 Was shernthat much better than them?xa0 It wasn'trnas if she'd known she'd become so famous, that the film would come back tornhaunt her.xa0 Dreamed, yes; hoped, yes;rnbut truly believed?xa0 Not in a millionrnyears.xa0 Not when she knew how manyrnactors and actresses struggled throughout their lives, waiting for that one bigrnbreak that would make them famous. Anna came back to reality abruptly, flinching as a hand wasrnplaced on her elbow.xa0 She looked around,rnquickly lowering her head and hefting the bag she carried closer to herrnchest.xa0 She was still in thernjournalistic frenzy, still standing outside the house with the blue door.xa0 The closed blue door.xa0 Swallowing against a suddenly dry throat,rnshe accepted the proffered help into the limousine.xa0 The door closed behind her and she was enveloped in sudden,rndeafening silence, safe behind a barrier of tinted glass and surrounded byrnplush upholstery.xa0 The car began movingrnslowly, the driver obviously trying not to injure anyone in the teeming throng. She twisted in her seat and looked at the sanctuary she hadrnfound for too short a time.xa0 The bluerndoor was almost invisible, not because of distance but because of the reportersrnstanding between her and it. Talkrnabout symbolism , she thought as a rough, mirthless chuckle filled therncar.xa0 Still, she continued watching, herrneyes seeking the upper story windows.xa0rnThey were empty. Well, what did you expect? She asked herselfrnderisively.xa0 That he'd be sorry she wasrnleaving?xa0 That he'd be watching, hopingrnshe would turn around and go back? Not bloody likely. Another pain-filled chuckle filled the air as she turned back andrnsettled herself properly in the seat.xa0rnShe warred with herself for precious moments before strengthening herrnresolve not to look back again. \"Who is he?\" The soft-spoken question made Anna jump before shernrecognized the voice and that James was sitting across from her.xa0 \"Sorry, I didn't know you were there; I mustrnbe losing my mind,\" she joked, expected a wry comment to the effects thatrnanyone who voluntarily went into a field like acting had lost their mind longrnago.xa0 Instead, only silence was herrnanswer and she again apologized.xa0 \"Myrngreat idea wasn't so great after all, was it?\" \"It seemed like it would work,\" came the answer. \"It did work, for a while.xa0 Your friend calledrnthe press?\" Her first answer was a glare, one that James was gratefulrnfor even if it was accompanied by the temper associated with her auburn hairrnand Irish heritage.xa0 \"William wouldn'trndo something like that,\" she defended the absent man in a tone that brooked nornargument.xa0 Even as the statement rangrntrue she could hear herself accusing him. Come buy a boring book about Egypt from the guy who screwed Anna Scott. She winced at the unfairness of thernattack.xa0 \"It was his roommate,\" shernfinally elaborated. If only she'd paid more attention last night, extracted arnpromise from Spike that he wouldn't tell anyone who his roommate's unexpectedrnhouseguest was.xa0 Or even suggested thatrnhe not go to the pub for a few drinks with his friends, that he stayrnthere.xa0 But she hadn't wanted Spike to hang around the place with her and William.xa0 She'd wanted William all to her, to savor the connection she'drnthought was lost.xa0 Even if she had requested that he not tell anyone that she was there, would the furry Welshmanrnhave gone along with it?xa0 Would the samernman who stuck his head through the opening to the roof and blithelyrncomplimented her on nude photographs, the reason she was there in the firstrnplace, have had the presence of mind not to tell all of his friends thernwonderful, exciting news he had? Rita Hayworth used to say 'they go to bed with Gilda andrndon't like it when they wake up with me.'xa0rnIs that what this is?xa0 The cursernof Gilda?xa0 No, that's not right.xa0 William isn't like that; he was honest thisrnmorning… she could tell by his eyes.xa0rnWhy hadn't she paid more attention this morning when everything began tornspiral out of control?xa0 If only shernhadn't jumped to conclusions, onto the defensive and down William'srnthroat.xa0 If only she had paid attentionrnto the eyes dull gray with bewilderment and pain instead of to the crowdrnclamoring outside.xa0 If only. \"Why don't you call him?\" Anna stiffened at the question, wary eyes looking towardsrnher European agent.xa0 \"Who?\" \"Your friend,\" was the simple answer.xa0 When there was no reply, they rode inrnsilence for the time it took the car to get to James' office.xa0 \"You can come in if you wish,\" he offered asrnthe car slid to a halt, \"you know that we have good security.\" \"I'd rather not run the gauntlet again so soon,\" shernreplied, gesturing to the few reporters staked out on the sidewalk, obviouslyrnthinking that if Anna Scott had to go somewhere, her agent's office was a goodrnpossibility. James nodded, moving towards the door.xa0 \"The car has been hired for the entire day;rnyou can use it until you have to leave.\" She reached over and lightly touched his cheek.xa0 \"Thanks.\" He nodded and slipped out, closing the door behind himselfrnas quickly as possible. The car once again took off, the gentle rocking soothingrnAnna as a kindly disinterested voice came over the intercom.xa0 When asked if there was anywhere inrnparticular that she'd like to go, Anna clamped her mouth tightly over thernforming words.xa0 \"I think just a generalrndrive around,\" she finally answered, silently applauding herself for not askingrnto be driven back to Notting Hill, back to the house with the blue door, backrnto William. As she stared out the window without seeing the passingrnscenery, Anna was acutely aware of the phone waiting nestled against one of therncushions.xa0 A green light showed that itrnwas charged and it was staring at her with unwavering intensity.xa0 After what felt like an eternity of waiting,rnof telling herself not to, she reached over and plucked the phone from itsrncradle.xa0 She stared blankly down at itrnonce she held it, fingers caressing the plastic buttons.xa0 Swallowing, she dialed the number she achedrnto, one she'd called often in her dreams but only once in reality, and liftedrnit to her ear. Ring.xa0 Ring.xa0 Ring.xa0rnRing.xa0 Ring. Please pick up , she silently urged, the ache in herrnchest intensifying with every unanswered ring.xa0rnJust when she was about to hang up, to close the chapter in her lifernthat included shy bookstore owners, blue doors, and annoying Welsh roommates,rnthe phone was answered by a familiar accented voice – just not the one shernwanted to speak to. \"Hello?\" She cleared her throat.xa0rn\"Can you put William on the line?\" \"Hang on,\" and then, slightly muffled: \"It's for you.\"xa0 The answer was also muffled, even morerndistant: \"No, no, I-I don't really want to talk to anyone,\" said in such arnweary voice that Anna felt the easing ache clench once more, this time for thernpain she could hear in it.xa0 \"Sorry, Anna,rnhe doesn't want to talk to you,\" was said in the still jovial voice before thernphone was put firmly on the hook, dial tone mingling with the echo she sworernshe could hear. She sat silently for a moment before reaching over andrnpressing the button for the intercom to speak to the driver.xa0 \"I changed my mind,\" she said abruptly,rnpraying that her voice wasn't breaking, trembling, that the tears she couldrnfeel burning the back of her eyes would remain there.xa0 \"I'd like to go straight to Heathrow airport.\" Her flight wasn't for a few hours but maybe she could getrnher ticket changed.xa0 Instead of flyingrnfrom London to New York and then on to Los Angeles, she could connect to arndifferent airport, one that was near West Virginia so she could go home to herrnfamily.xa0 Find some peace in her shiftingrnworld before going to work and putting on the mask that she had worn almostrnevery day for a decade.xa0 The one thatrnshowed only what people expected. (The End) Additional Notes: \"James\" is the white-haired man who was walking in and outrnof the hotel room while William was doing his best to interview Anna for \"Horsern& Hound.\"xa0 No name was mentioned,rnnor occupation, so I just made a name up and assumed he was her European agent. The two deleted scenes mentioned in this short piece ofrnfanfiction are: 1) rnWhen Anna and William are on the roof while he is helping herrnwith his lines, Spike sticks his head through the opening.xa0 \"Dinner in half an hour,\" etc., and \"Greatrnphotos, by the way,\" the second of which leads to William giving Anna a ratherrnadorably wary look and some humorous conversation based on Spike, not tornmention some Spike background information (he's a musician, though therninstrument is apparently unidentifiable.) 2) rnA scene in which William and Honey are sitting at the diningrnroom table, William looking extremely upset and asking Spike if he told anyone,rnetc.xa0 The phone ringing and Williamrnassuming it's a journalist, Spike answering, and the conversation I includedrnhere.xa0 Spike's words are word-for-wordrnand not my property.xa0 Anna's are my own. ","Summary":" Fandom : Notting Hill (movie-verse, of course) Rating : G Disclaimers :xa0rnAnna Scott, William Tha"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"Notting Hill-Karen's Story","Author":"chrisbeta","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11906610","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 'Assess the implications of your Departments' Ethnically Diverse Disability Access policies' objectives given your period three outcomes.' Karen couldn't help but despair. She knew that she was good at her job;she had to be,hers was the Primary Account. The trouble was that she only seemed to be allowed to spend a few precious hours a day,week,month,even it seemed sometimes,year doing it. When it went well it was great,like last fall at The Ritz. Jeremy had kept a watchful eye on the hacks and she had cued them in,walked them from artist to artist and even though they finished too late for inches in the Evenings, everybody including Primary thought it went well and the pieces that appeared over the next few days were very good for everybody's business. Several of the more troublesome ones wrote or called to thank her personally and never wanting to miss an opportunity Karen reminded them that this kind of access to The Agencies' top client came at a price and that meant a phone call or a meeting BEFORE going to press should they get hold of something about Karen's Client from A THIRD PARTY. Karen had no inkling how soon that request would bear fruit. Jeremy took her out to dinner that evening. He's a very nice man, shame he's the boss. They couldn't help chuckle about the man with the yellow roses. At one point Karen had the distinct impression that he didn't actually know who he wrote for and Jeremy said he wasn't on the list and neither was Hound and Groom. It wasn't been until later that Karen discovered that his interviews were a bit well,odd. Jeremy didn't seem to mind though,''We can't micro manage.''He pronounced. And anyway dinner was unexpected. For three reasons: First of all she had expected to be at the BAFTA Fellowship. Primary expected to walk off with Actress and Film and FX were certainties.A star studied appearance at the Gala would seal it. Then she tells Karen to cancel. At the last minute. ''I have to spend the evening with Britain's premier equestrian journalist.'' She never wants to be with a journalist. Well certainly not for a whole evening. Secondly it was just with Jeremy. And thirdly because of his news. She hadn't seen 'the nearest and dearest' as Jeremy always referred to his 'other half' (an alternative) since the last Christmas do and she'd booked him into London hotels a lot recently even though Tring wasn't that far to commute so she'd guessed that things weren't going that well for them. All the same,that it was over was a sad shock. He knew that The Agency was the cause. India next week,LA with Primary the week before. If it was just London junkets and conferences as it was before,the agency would run itself but The Owner had big ideas and that meant more clients which was what Jeremy was chasing. With no more staff. ''No,not until you've got 'em,chicken and egg.''Asserted The Owner. So everybody had to double up.A lot of Jeremy's came to her. Like this submission.54Mbs worth of it. Jeremy looked after his staff really nicely when he could and if he couldn't he'd make the right noises and try to point you in the right direction. ''One to Four is just what we've done but Five is a whole different ball game and after that,well….'' He wasn't kidding. ''It's no good saying you don't know anything about it because none of us do,you'll have to read around it m'love and get something back to them by Wednesday. The Owner thinks accreditation will give us an edge if there are disabled clients to be had.'' A million miles away from being a publicist. But even Ethnically Diverse wasn't what really took up Karen's time. Not by a long way. That was a much more thorny problem and one that took Karen much further from her comfort zone. Professionally and definitely emotionally. Karen wondered how the tear ducts worked. Did they just have so much tears and then they stopped when they were empty or did they keep on refilling and so could go on forever? Karen hadn't meant to live in the U.K She'd read of The Victorians seeing the world and that Disraeli had got as far as India. Her aim was Paris or Yugoslavia where her family had originated but then there was a three day stopover in London and that was it,one of her better decisions she felt. Driving on the wrong side of the road and listening to Radio Four. The Agency came along with contacts and frequent trips home to Pittsburgh so her personal life seemed on track too. It was during one of those Stateside trips that Primary first appeared and they had hit it off straightaway. Primary asked a lot about The Agency but,and Karen didn't realise this until later,a lot more about London and a whole lot more about herself. Why did they giggle together about birthday dates?Yes,their birthdays were a day apart in October and therefore at some point somewhere in the world then,yes they could have a birthday party together but why did that matter to a beautiful,very promising up and coming actress and why did she want to giggle about it with someone fourteen years her senior and who just wanted to offer her services as a publicist. Who did she normally giggle with? Given the way that things had developed Karen sometimes rather wished that she hadn't been quite so forthcoming but she couldn't complain as Primary's needs were well,primary and as Karen had discovered entirely genuine. Things hadn't really fallen into place until Gramercy Park. Virtually the whole world had jumped on the bandwagon and now everything was going to happen in seven seconds time! George Bush used it in a speech. Seven times. There was the hit record 'Seven Minutes to Midnight.'And for Comic Relief Big Ben was made to chime seven seconds too early. Karen's memory was a bit less comic. ''You'll have to fly to Georgia and see her.'' The man she had lined up for the weekend seemed a very nice guy and Karen was enjoying learning about him and whether he might be ready to return the love she thought she felt for him so she hadn't planned on sitting in Tourist for twelve hours over the weekend. ''It can't be Business Class,we can't charge this to the account. Not the Primary anyway'' ''So she is the Primary now Jeremy?'' ''Yeah,and she's yours,I can't think of anyone better. You both seem to get on so well.I don't quite know why. You say you've become friends,you know I'm pleased but she's trade.I'm not complaining or trying to tell you how to be a pro' but well we've both seen her in Diva mode and I don't want her doing a Diva on you because I might have to get involved and make a decision that could never be right.'' Karen loved Jeremy when he hinted at a mix of business and pleasure like this,and in the same sentence telling her not to do it. So she booked her flight,made her apologises to 'him' and rang Mom to tell her she'd be in Pittsburgh Sunday. She never made it. The Georgia house wasn't what Karen had expected at all. Multi million dollar location. Check. Multi million dollar security system. Check. With one exception. Multi million dollar grounds. Check. But the property itself was a lot smaller and it wasn't as antiseptically clean as Karen had seen when visiting other 'celebs'. Then again Primary had said in interviews that ''I'm an ordinary person doing an extraordinary job.''Karen knew it,she'd written the line for her and the client had been mightily pleased with it. So why shouldn't she have an ordinary house in Georgia in the town with the name that couldn't be pronounced let alone spelt. Oh and another in Beverley Hills,New York and if things went according to plan L.A. Well it's now or never Karen thought. This'd make a good movie plot: Approaching the slightly mysterious house. No answer at the security intercom. But the security gates weren't actually shut in fact they couldn't shut... Karen struggled with mechanical things. Opening her garage door had required help,Jeremy had turned out on a filthy night. Karen had kicked herself afterwards for not insisting that he come in for coffee. It wouldn't have just been coffee,she knew that. ...The darkened house, the wind in the trees , the creaking gate, the howl of the dogs... … 'Oh shut up,focus will you. You just need her signature,then you can go. Why won't she answer the 'phone or keep appointments?Why is it that Karen is the only person she'd see?Where's her Agent,staff and most importantly where's 'The King of Gramercy'? Karen rang the bell and waited. No answer. If she was there,she must have heard her trudge through the gravel,or shut the car door. Other than the light upstairs the place could have been deserted. ''Anna,are you there. It's me Anna. It's Karen. Please open the door dear I've come a long way. Are you all right?'' No sound,no noise but then Karen noticed a flicker from the light upstairs. It was a candle or something. Then the flicker appeared downstairs and approached the front door. Karen wished she hadn't played Hitchcock so imaginatively. And the door opened and a poor little girl stepped forward. Karen wasn't sure and seeking to convince herself said ''Anna?Anna Scott?'' ''Karen.I'm in trouble.'' Karen had surprised herself. Garage door phobic last week and Electrical Engineer this week. She thought that perhaps 'The King of…' had fused everything when he forced the security gates on his way out. Karen had had a chance to poke about in Anna's house by now. Whitewashed walls,steps and landings up to the two levels..A telephone hanging on its cradle screwed to the wall. There was a fair amount of well thumbed literary works and biographies. Some pictures but just prints. Karen knew that the nice stuff was in the apartment. Even given the three days that Anna had suffered in it alone and the sterling work of her housekeeper before that,Karen could see that Anna tried to keep it like a normal house. Karen guessed like the one that Anna had grown up in.A town house. What a disaster. This man had chosen this very normal setting to do something very un-normal. Not rape but certainly emotional rape. Karen reckoned that Anna must have bought the house and then created the garden around it. The garden was the complete reverse of the house.A magical fairy-tale. The lawns, trees and shrubs manicured and the spaces broken with beautiful statues and tinkling fountains. Under the dappled moonlight Anna and Karen sat on a park bench and finished off what food Karen had managed to salvage from the fridge. Judging from the way Anna got it down she guessed that this was the first time Anna had eaten,permanent diet or not. It hadn't taken Karen long in Britain to learn that at a time of crisis only tea will do. With or without gone off milk. She was beginning to understand the difference between Anna and Anna Scott. Anna was a girl growing up in a modest townhouse who imagined herself a Disney character in a magical moonlit garden. Anna Scott was a product of an industry that had taken a beautiful thespian with a great knowledge of fiction and in her twenties and had propelled her to the big screen. She had an apartment overlooking The Hudson filled with the result of lots of haggling at galleries and nail biting on the 'phone during auctions. Her showbiz friends came from Hollywood more or less but the little girl had no one to call friends other than the cartoon characters she used as cover. The Diva was in fact a guard dog that was allowed out of its kennel when the two dimensions fell out of equilibrium. And that was why Karen was so important to her. She was normal enough to exist in the first dimension and because of her profession was more than capable of operating in the other. And her personal standards were above reproach. Karen could see that Anna didn't usually giggle with anyone. Karen could also see that as far as Anna was concerned Karen was only deficient in one regard and that was that she couldn't share her love. 'The King of Gramercy' was a product of the industry who,Karen concluded had sufficient baggage to make him not normal enough and whose personal standards were pants. Karen reckoned that Anna rarely allowed industry people to Georgia,only those men who she thought could be trusted with a fairy-tale normality.'The King' had left his counting house but had been found wanting. On the other hand Karen knew that there had been normal guys but that they couldn't exist in the rarefied atmosphere that Anna Scott inhabited. So the quest was for a man that was an all-rounder,with exceptional personal qualities. And no matter how cosmopolitan everybody might be it obviously had to be a man. Oh and six foot plus maybe, GSOH, solvent,time on his hands,good set of friends.A good lover... For some reason Karen couldn't help but think that probably 'Mister Right' would not be from these shores. She couldn't help but think of Jeremy. Karen added Agony Aunt,Counsellor and Psychologist to Electrical Engineer. Not bad for someone that was supposed to be a Publicist. Having said that there was one more question on Karen's mind. Wasn't there someone else to whom Anna should be able to turn? The lights had focussed attention on the elephant in the room. It was certainly a very good shiner but completely out of place on the face of arguably the most beautiful woman in the world. Karen couldn't understand why she felt so calm,so confident and worst of all why had she started being funny. ''You should see the other fella.'' ''Well if you will go six rounds with Mike Byson.'' ''If I socked your right side that would even things up'' The battered little face winced as she tried to smile. Still a lovely smile. Hire cars in Georgia have to have first aid kits and Karen made the best use of it she could. ''Right let's go to the hospital now.'' ''No! No-one can see me like this.'' ''It's a job for the police,'' ''NO!'' Karen couldn't but wonder how The Diva could emerge and bark even at a time like this. ''If you don't report it he'll get away with it and might do worse to the next girl,'' ''No one can see me when I cry.'' Karen realised that Anna was going to be a long long,full time job and that it was going to take up all of her time and rob her of what independence she had left. And she knew she had no choice. ''Damn the phones I can't even ring Mom or Jeremy….'' ''You mustn't tell Jeremy especially.'' ''Why ever not he's very understanding,he'd help you and me. I could ring him he'd be here first thing tomorrow morning'' ''You don't get it do you?I've dealt with this garbage for eight years and you've only just started. Anything like this gets filed away and whenever anyone writes anything about me they dig it out and then I'm not worth so much so Jeremy or at least your Owner will sell me to another Agency and then I lose you and you're my best friend'' Her Client's statement hit Karen like a brick. She'd seen her demolish arguments in meetings. She'd flattened Jeremy with Half Diva. Maybe just Quarter Diva. Karen didn't like seeing Jeremy flattened. And now she'd had the same treatment but over something so so personal. Anna Scott's best friend. Now there's a job to put in your passport. Karen had been going for nearly 24 hours now. ''I'll have to sleep,I'll shop for you tomorrow morning.'' Karen hadn't slept in the same bed as another woman for years,and then it had been whilst camping and it certainly hadn't been with a girl who wrapped her arms around her as soon as the light was off. Karen didn't expect to cry with her best friend until she just couldn't cry any more. Shopping in the local mall on a lazy Sunday morning would normally be a pleasure,but shopping on this particular Sunday in a town Karen didn't know, for somebody else who could only tell her where things used to be wasn't so easy. Anna had sent her staff to the apartment in New York or given them time off so her housekeeper,security and gophers were not available. Then there was the list of things to get. Repairs to a security gate required on a Sunday. Anna's staff would have a contract in place or a trade contact but without access to that Karen had to trawl the small ads and talk someone into doing it discreetly,for cash,today,for a Miss S. White. Over dinner one evening Jeremy had told her that if you had three sons they should be a Doctor, a Lawyer and a Plumber because they're the three people you can't get on a Sunday.' A' list Hollywood actresses didn't have their knowledge but they did know about theatrical make up. Specifically what make up would disguise a bruise. After three days it was in full 16:9 Technicolor. Yellow at the edges morphing through red to purple nearer the eye. The white of the eye was bloodshot but that was receding so with a bit of the right make-up and a pair of 'A list' sunglasses,given a day or two Anna thought that she might be able to get out and about again. The make-up wasn't regular cosmetics but Anna suggested that Karen try a shop in the back streets of town that she went to years ago when she was starting out. Assuming the shop was still there and assuming it was still owned by Mr Kelly there would be an out of hours telephone number in the window. Well there was ten years ago. Karen was surprised that she found the shop. Surprised that there was a notice in the window and surprised that Mr Kelly opened up for her and provided the exact hue that Anna wanted. ''Ah,this'll be for a lady then. Under the eye I'd say. It's it's not for you though is it Madam?You would require a number fourteen,this actress is younger,she'll have dark hair….' Karen felt that Mr Kelly would see through 'Miss Snow White' immediately when he prepared the invoice: 'This must be for Anna Scott,she used to be a regular. Has a boyfriend given her a black eye?' Karen was a bit nervous when she got back to the house. Would Anna have done something silly? No in fact Anna had perked up a lot and Karen learnt,had got as far as having a bath now that the hot water worked again. As the two women prepared dinner Karen found out what had led to the assault. Her co-star had trotted out his line,'In seven seconds I'm going to ask you to marry me' but instead of flashing that smile Anna had said no and proceeded to tell him precisely why. Which had been too much for him. Karen was relieved,propping up Anna in this circumstance was a full time job but she hadn't taken to the 'King of Gramercy' at all and wasn't remotely surprised that he'd gone off the deep end. Karen had another go at persuading Anna to go to the police but even though she kept The Diva in the kennel this time Karen got nowhere. Anna had made up her mind that Karen wasn't to talk about the assault,in fact no one was to talk about it. Anna was to keep her own instruction for over a year and the first time she told anybody else her openness shook her as much as her admission did her audience. Karen wanted to tell Anna not to be such a 'Stupid little bloody fool' but even though she was,it seemed 'The Official Best Friend ' she thought better of it. It would be more than a year later ,in a different country and under very different circumstances before Karen would do just that. Jeremy wasn't at all pleased to see Karen over a week later. He was really surprised at her,and disappointed. Ok,she had got the Primary Account back on track and he had no problem with her staying with her mother for several days,especially if she was ill;even if there was work to be done. But to not telephone! ''Ok so the phones were down,what,throughout the whole of The States?All week?'' It wasn't just the professionalism or the trust. Jeremy liked Karen. He did. He liked her hair and her figure and her choice of clothes and her eyes,especially over a glass of wine and her smile but most of all he liked her voice. sort of sing-song. ''Come and have a look.'' Of course professionalism works both ways. Pity he was the boss. ''Sir Richard is on the telephone,do you want me to maintain the laryngitis or can you speak all of a sudden Anna?'' ''I'll talk to him Karen.I've lost count of the number of lies you've told for me'' Anna knew that Sir Richard Attleburgh's concern would be entirely genuine and his desire to support The BAFTA Fellowship would have been compartmentalised away. Only the truth would do. Otherwise he'd check and call back or take the trouble to visit and tell her off and The Diva wouldn't even whimper. ''I'm sorry I cancelled but well it can't have escaped your notice that I attend everything on my own.'' ''They must be mad Darling,If I wasn't a couple of years too old for you I'd be there like a shot and sod the press.'' ''Well last night I had the chance to go on a regular date with a regular guy who might be strong enough to cope with the sodding press and I grabbed my chance. Sorry about The Fellowship.'' ''What Fellowship is that dear girl?'' Anna's epiphany had led to an unexpected opportunity to help her best friend, no strike that, second best friend maybe. Anna didn't visit Karen's office that often. Peering over or around a monitor to study a spreadsheet was too far from the novel on the lap in front of you. ''I'll get you a PC,you can get scripts by Email.'' ''No no,I'm fine Karen.'' And Anna couldn't really worry that the time that Karen spent propping up her Client's morale diminished the time that she could contribute towards growing The Agency. However she certainly understood that her instruction to not tell Jeremy about her personal support and Karen's unwavering loyalty might well cause someone not appraised of the full facts to question Karen's effectiveness,even motivation. Now Anna thought she might have a way to help Karen. Other than some tear stained scribble that was meant to be directions to a shop in a Georgian town,she couldn't remember the last time she'd been able to offer any constructive help. Even now it was tenuous, would Bella's name be on the list? Anna couldn't remember the address really. William had helped her out of the taxi and they had walked around the corner to Bella and Max's on Kensington Park Road. Or was it Kensington Gardens or Kensington bloody Park Gardens. Every things got bloody Kensington in it. Half twisting,half standing behind Karen and trying to keep the glare of the Tuesday morning sun off the screen,Anna scanned through the list of names and addresses at rejected script velocity. It didn't help that she knew no surname or that only initials were used but about half way down there was 'B.'and it was Kensington Park Road,Notting Hill W11. ''That's the one,give her a ring.I'm sure she's the one.'' Karen was really sceptical. What does she think I am? She can't know. Karen had only showed Ethnically Diverse to Anna as a bit of a joke. Instead of brushing it aside Anna had immediately wanted to read all 54Mbs and the latest details that Karen had unearthed.A list of lawyers specialising in disability cases. Maybe Karen could interest one to give a little advice so she could burn the midnight oil and cobble something together to meet tomorrow's deadline. She knew that it would be a disaster,even if she could pick an amenable lawyer from the list who would be prepared to give advice,today,for free;well maybe some sort of donation. And here's Anna Scott,she knows about make up you know,telling her,at Quarter Diva to ring number fifty-seven. Out of a list of one hundred and twenty five. ''It's just a hunch I've got. Go on ring her now or leave a message.I mean you don't know which one to pick. Women's intuition. We girls must stick together.'' ''Ok ok 0207 811….' Karen read out the number as she dialled and was a bit surprised when a man promptly answered by announcing the telephone number in a very business-like manner. ''I wonder if you can help me….'' ''We're jolly well gonna try.'' ''Well yes that's lovely um,I'm trying to get a little information concerning disabilities for a submission that I have to make,er tomorrow unfortunately and An-my colleague had a hunch that you might be the one that could help.I mean it's a real long shot.'' ''Which has hit the bulls eye dead centre except that you need to speak with Bella who is at this moment on the throne in the smallest room in the house to where I am journeying as we speak.'' ''Oh fantastic,thank you so much.'' Karen couldn't help but think about the difficult ones in the press she had to deal with most of the time. ''Bella,excuse my hand that is about to sneak its way into your most private of offices but there is a lovely lady on the 'phone with a lovely sing-song voice who wants some advice because she's up shit creek without a paddle at work. She must be a duffer,it never 'appens to me.'' ''Heavens,don't I get any peace?Now you've got your girlfriends ringing me in the loo.'' ''Ok handing you over, the next voice you'll hear will belong to Britain's premier disability rights lawyer.'' ''I must apologise Karen...'' Karen heard the echo of the room as Bella spoke. ''...since I had my accident he doesn't get it so much so when a filly comes on the 'phone he wants to bonk her senseless.'' Karen had lived in the UK for a while now but wondered whether her command of the language really was good enough to sort out the difficult ones. Like with these two,she wasn't always sure when they were joking and when they weren't. Two countries separated by a common language. Karen explained what she wanted and tried to give the impression that she really cared about disabilities and that she'd done a lot of research already. Bella wasn't fooled for a second but really liked the bright warm person on the other end. And she's in P.R. she thought. Wasted .This is a very caring person. ''OK, so where are you?'' ''Oxford Circus (Central,Bakerloo,Victoria).'' ''Right,well we're here right now and it's five stops on the Central Line so we'll get the kettle on and see you in half an hour.I've just got to lock Max in the dungeon and you'll be safe.'' Anna felt fantastic. The last twenty four hours had been an unforgettable experience. Not only had she dated William but now she'd been able to help Karen as a result of the quality of the whole gang of friends that came with him. She certainly wouldn't get that with Jeff King. If she could just get that orange juice out of her clothes. Karen was on her way home with a big smile on her face and she had two questions on her mind: 1. Why can't all people be like Bella and Max? 2. How did Anna know to pick her? Yes HER. It didn't say Miss or Mrs. Or even Ms in the database but Anna had definitely said 'Ring her.' The next twenty four hours was going to be challenging so Karen forgot to quiz Anna and Karen wouldn't find out the truth for a long time. Karen was so used to funny hours that she checked the time constantly and so knowing that it was 01:42 on Wednesday morning seemed the most natural thing in the world. She reached for the telephone and hoped that her mom was alright. ''You sound sleepy,so am I and I'm at work.I'm sorry to ring you at home and in the middle of the night but you reminded me that if I get anything it goes to you first.'' Karen kept that voice locked up in the deepest dungeon in her memory and hearing it at this hour was part of her Hitchcock screenplay. Still here was the chief of the difficult one's doing just what she'd asked. ''Ok Dominic what have you got this time. It's Anna Scott right'' ''Yes,look it's not a great exposé or anything,actually it's quite a nice story but well you're the best and nicest publicist I deal with and I'm truly sorry about some of the things we've printed about Anna and that's why I want to print this because it shows the other side.'' What nonsense,Dominic was the hack not the editor but he was also the shark and would say anything to get an edge. ''So?'' ''It seems that there was an altercation at Nobu tonight. We've been able to interview someone called Gerald and although he didn't want to talk about it very much my colleague told me that this guy appeared out of the blue and ticked his stag do off because they slagged off Anna. Well they took the piss and then blow me down Anna appears herself and lays into them!'' Oh my God,thought Karen,The Diva loose and on the warpath at Nobu. ''What did they say,no strike that what did she say?'' ''Well he wouldn't tell us,my colleague put him under pressure and he started getting upset;well they're rugby club blokes. Apparently she didn't do The Diva, whatever she said flattened them without that. It'll be a piece at the bottom of a column:Jeff King lets they lady do the talking.'' ''I thought Jeff was still shooting with Harold Beeker.'' ''Well that's the other funny thing isn't it?These rugby blokes took the piss out of Jeff and lived to tell the tale and Anna had to sort it out.I mean just how drunk was he this time?'' Karen had expected to be up all night anyway bodging the submission but had been spared that. Bella had taken one look at Ethnically Diverse and selected Delete and then Delete All. ''First of all it's about three years out of date and it can't be done to a timetable anyway and the terms are all wrong and the way to do it is personally and I'd say you're the best one for the job so I'll just give you a copy of this and you can go through it and take out I.C.I and put your details instead just like they did. They had to take out B.P.'s name. They're the ones that paid for it.'' Karen couldn't help thinking of the family she had heard of whose children submitted the same coursework. The first year it got B-,the second year C+ and the third year A-. In the morning she'd send it off and no doubt meet Jeff King. Oh joy. She'd better get some wet wipes on the way in,maybe a gas mask and breakfasting on garlic would be the best plan. ''What an earth do you see in him Anna?'' ''He's got a big dick.'' ''Which he doesn't seem to be able to control. This cocktail waitress,Yolanda something,there's a paternity case.'' Karen respected Anna's security team a great deal. Forget firemen these men and women were her idols. They work at the confluence of two dimensions and if need be would go as far as to save a life whilst risking their own. They had no legal status and had to do it all through force of personality and a high visibility jacket. There's plenty of nutcases and a lot of them seemed to be attracted to Anna Scott. Was it because she was single? Tony's the best: ''I'm not supposed to tell you this Miss,I'm paid to remain blind and deaf and dumb but we wonder sometimes whether we're here to protect Miss Scott from a nutcase or Mr King. Then there's his people. They're armed you know. They're not licensed or trained or regulated in any way.A disgrace to the profession'' Anna and Karen had laid their plans carefully. If Anna wanted a Mr Right then she'd have to find him the hard way. Whenever she got the chance she'd mooch about in some of the more fashionable parts of which ever world city she happened to be in and visit the sort of places where her own interests drew her: galleries, libraries, museums and hope she'd meet someone who wouldn't be scared away by a movie star. If they chose the right part of town maybe celebrities would be a more common sight and she might not be bothered too much. As far as London was concerned Tony suggested Notting Hill. ''It's no paradise though,every August Bank Holiday they stage a riot.'' Tony was worried about Anna's safety of course. He and a colleague would deliver Anna by car and be parked in nearby streets ready to intervene if they got a call over the radio. When all was done they'd pick her up and take her back to the hotel. He was touched that his Company's Client had chosen to enlist his help concerning so personal a matter. It seemed nuts to him,surely Miss Scott could have any man she wanted. Then to Tony's and Karen's horror Anna shacks up with Jeff King. Chief amongst Karen's dislikes of the man was his personal qualities. Which ones?Well all of them really but smoking was definitely number one. The night Karen and Anna got drunk,watched that gay porn video and hatched their boy shopping plan they wrote out his description and put non-smoker at the top. If he's intelligent he won't smoke because that's a stupid way to shorten your life. Jeff must have realised that Anna didn't like fags,possibly seeing his packet shoved down the john gave him a subtle hint. So he cut down. Good for him. He went over to rolling his own. Smaller you see so less. But the paraphernalia was greater though and Jeff acted like he was Leonardo da Vinci. The artist that created such elegant roll ups. ''Look at that one,she's a beaut.'' If Karen could have kept Jeff downwind things might have been fine but he was all over her and the stench pervaded his hair,his clothes,his breath. God and Anna slept with him.I must be like kissing an old ashtray. ''When are we having that threesome Karen?The younger and older thing gets me going.'' Karen felt repulsed,she wasn't too proud of herself either. Just because they were drunk the porn video was still porn. If someone she knew was involved in something like that she would be in bits. And then there was his 'tailoring': Fancy turning up to take out Anna Scott or attend a Royal Premier in polo shirt,tracksuit bottoms and trainers (no matter how exclusive the label). Still at least 'Sir's ensemble' covered up his tattoos and have a shave, half cut isn't trendy,it's lazy. Karen added well-groomed to their boy shopping list. Karen arrived at the Trafalgar Suite guessing she was in for a rough ride,but she had to check on Anna and she wanted to get to the bottom of the Nobu affair and ask her about Bella and Max. Sure enough no sooner had she knocked on the door she was picked up and carried through to the bedroom. Anna peered out from beneath the bedclothes looking sheepish. It had been just the same last time. Karen couldn't help but wonder what he was doing there, usually she would seek her advice on Operation Boy and certainly if she was going to invite Jeff back into her life especially given the rumours about him and his latest leading lady. Well whatever Anna's plans for her day with Jeff might be Karen didn't want to be a part of it and a slap across the face was the clearest message she could give him. She picked herself up off the bed and walked out without saying a word. She was especially proud of the fact that she didn't slam the door. Karen learnt that that Anna and Jeff had gone to Anna's hidey-hole the way the rest of the country did. The picture on the front page of the Standard. Karen was a bit surprised to be summoned to see The Owner. She had met him before of course but always with Jeremy. When she arrived Jeremy was nowhere to be seen. ''It was you I wanted to see,you've scored the goal of the year with this disability thing.I've had the IAAF on to me,they want to give us the rights to all the P.R for the World Championships. The submission cracked it wide open. There's Government and EEC money on a plate, they asked me to tell them how much I wanted.'' Karen was delighted but didn't want to say too much. She had only scanned through Bella's document when she edited out I.C.I so she knew that her knowledge wouldn't stand scrutiny. ''I'll tell Jeremy and we'll develop a plan of campaign.'' ''No don't worry about Jeremy,you answer to me direct on this. There's the list of athletes,go and get me every one of them. Report progress to me every day without fail.'' Karen didn't like this at all. Now she had two bosses,one of whom was also the boss of the other and Jeremy had moaned that The Owner was often out of reach,unreliable at returning Emails but apt to arrive unannounced and change direction irrespective of the amount of work already done or promises made. Bella had said that the personal touch was essential and that timetables weren't appropriate so reporting back to timetable wasn't either. And what about her Primary Account and all that entailed. Karen didn't know when Anna would be back but she'd noticed how much better she'd been sleeping without Anna to check on every day. Of course Jeremy and The Owner didn't know that that was happening,as far as they were concerned no new movie meant no work on the Primary account. A week later Anna was on the phone.''Hi,I'm in New York. Have I got a story for you.'' Karen was a bit relieved,as soon as she walked into Anna's apartment the clean air told her that Jeff was history. It was a fabulous view, even when you weren't looking at the artwork. Karen thought it was a bit like debriefing a spy that had just returned from deep cover. The first thing Karen asked about was how come Anna had to bail out Jeff at Nobu. Karen could see another screenplay on the stocks,a farce this time: P G Wodehouse :'Careful there Vicar'. So it wasn't Jeff at Nobu. It was Mr Right! Bookshop. Orange Juice. First kiss. The telephone call. Three days of hell waiting. The press junket. The birthday party The magical garden The second date. ''...And his house is like my house in Georgia and the garden was like my garden and he ticks all our boxes.'' ''All?'' ''Well all but one,but judging from the size of him he'll probably give Jeff a run for his money. Or would have.'' ''Would have?'' ''Will was coming up to the Trafalgar.I thought that I was ready. When I walked in Jeff was there. Rather than create a scene Will went home. He said goodbye.'' ''Oh shit. When are you seeing him again? This week you have to be here but we could move some of next week.'' ''You don't get it do you?We've set out to catch a man with standards,when you cross one of those;by not telling him you have a boyfriend you didn't know you had for example. You lose him for good,probably.'' ''He couldn't face up to Jeff's fame or survive on your stage.'' ''No,he didn't face up to Jeff because he's the Gentleman that Jeff could never be. As for survive in showbiz,well you'd be a good judge there.'' ''What do you mean?'' ''Well you met him,you even put the flowers in water for me.'' ''What Hound and Groom or something.'' ''Horse and Hound.I told you I had to go out with him but you didn't guess did you.'' ''You cancelled the BAFTA thing for him.'' ''Yeah,Sir Richard said he was looking forward to dancing with me but that I was doing a dance of my own.'' ''But his questions were a bit odd I heard.'' ''Well they would have been wouldn't they?He'd expected to come to tea and he hadn't seen Helix.'' ''He hadn't seen it!'' ''Why would a man with that sort of knowledge of the classics want to see a space flick?Even a nominated space flick?Were his questions any worse than most of the garbage we get?'' ''Definitely not.'' ''Well there you are then. The showbiz box gets ticked too,Unfortunately I behaved appallingly and threw away the best chance I've had.'' ''How?'' ''As I say by not declaring the state of my relationship with Jeff.'' Karen noticed a difference in Anna,disappointed to lose William but much more confident,the smile was back. ''So what about Jeff now?'' ''I realised that I couldn't remember any of the reasons why we were together.'' Karen returned to London and realised that whilst Operation Boy had made progress, she'd forgotten to ask about Bella and Max. Anna didn't follow her across the pond for some time. Eventually Anna had to come over and Karen made up her mind that she was going to remember to ask now that she was here for the weekend. That so trivial a matter was going to get missed was apparent as soon as she reached the station and saw that the newspaper stand had sold out of tabloids. They littered the inside of the carriage though. 'WOTTA LOTTA SCOTT' 'ANNA STUNNA' 'SCOTT OF PANTARTICA' 'IT'S DEFINITELY HER' At the office a video of the film was in the machine,Karen wanted to see it so she could exclaim: 'Ah that's a stunt bottom' or 'She's got no mole on her back' but as it was she managed about a minute before she left Jeremy and the others to throw up. How could that stupid cow do that? Jeremy was incensed. He wasn't surprised that Karen hadn't known about the photos or the film. She had definitely been off the boil for some time. It wasn't just Ethnically Diverse. She was up to something. She wasn't moonlighting,it was something to do with Anna Scott. She wasn't going to tell him, that meant that whatever bought her silence had to come from the Client. Maybe she had known about the photos and had been working on supressing them. They could have come out at any time. Why now?Had negotiations broken down? Did that explain Karen's promotion,had she been working to prevent their publication with The Owner and Ethnically Diverse was a cover story. It would make quite a screenplay. And The Owner,arriving to support his troops?No,Jeremy rang but his staff didn't know where he was. The Press,led by Dominic,so Karen concluded,had waited for Anna to return to London,Friday night,so to cause as much impact as possible. And as much hurt. Even getting to see her at the Trafalgar was a nightmare. The Ritz was surrounded and for a second Karen wondered if Tony was actually going to use one of those moves that he had shown her one evening in the gym. She thought she should be ready in case Jeff flew in again after all. Seeing Anna,for once with Jeremy,made Karen think back to Georgia and what might have happened if Anna had allowed him to come to their aid that night. Jeremy quickly realised that there was no way that Anna could stay there. She was safe of course but even a gilded cage is a prison cell and The Ritz were having to foot a large policing bill. They would never be so indiscreet as to complain of course. He quickly realised something else: Anna was a lot more than just Karen's Client. This was it. Anna and Anna Scott were very different people and it had been Karen who had been scraping the bits back together every time the newspapers made entertainment out of each time Anna got her heart broken. Jeremy went to the toilets and stared at himself in the mirror. How could you have doubted her?Well this'll have to be sorted out,with or without The Owner's help. Whilst he was in the toilet Karen said to Anna : ''Talk very very quickly,we need a safe house for you;do you think you could go to Notting Hill? Tony struggled with the gears in his brother's builder's van. With a healthy amount of accelerator and a very smooth release of the clutch a different gear could be obtained without stalling. Just. He was beginning to wonder whether it would complete the journey from Brixton (Victoria)to W1, let alone its important mission after that. An hour later,with much grinding of gears,Tony had managed to park the van in The Ritz's undeground delivery bay and behind the security shutters its cargo made herself ready. ''I'm sorry Miss.I know it's a bit of a heap but I've put down a blanket in the back.'' Anna managed a weak smile and thought back to one of her first boyfriends. He had a pick-up,this was close enough, she squeezed herself in beside a cement mixer and sat on some paving slabs. At a given signal Karen,Jeremy and some of Tony's boys left The Trafalgar Suite arguing with the reporters,the security shutter to the delivery bay was opened and sawing at the wheel,Tony drove the van up the ramp. Inside Anna clung on to the mixer. The reporters on the street scattered and the van disappeared up Berkeley Street in a cloud of blue smoke. After a mile or two Tony pulled over and a slightly dischevilled and dusty 'A Lister' transferred to the Seven Series. Tony did well he thought,to keep up with the Bimmer and he arrived on Portebello Road not long after it. He hurried into the Travel Bookshop and asked for something by Dickens.A ferrety faced assistant informed him: ''This is a travel bookshop,we only sell travel books.'' Tony argued that his friend had recommended the shop and ferety face said that he could fetch his manager in a few minutes if Sir wanted to complain. Tony left the shop and gestured down the hill. The chauffeur started his engine. Parked outside Nu-line on Westbourne Park Road,Tony watched the chauffeur open the limosine's door and Anna walked across the road and rang the bell at number 280. For what seemed to Tony at the time like an eternity,Anna stood on the pavement until finally the door opened and after a brief exchange she was admitted. Tony breathed a sigh. ''Well good luck to you mate,I don't envy you though.'' Tarquin liked writing for Time Out. The Editor wanted quality stuff,on the edge but,and this was very important to Tarquin,never smutty. ''We're not the 'News of The Sun.' His Editor remarked when he hired him. Tarquin particularly relished the opportunities it afforded to indulge his musical interests. His first journalistic success had been as a schoolboy. Managing to get Paul Wheeler's 'phone number in Woking he'd interviewed The Preserve's songwriter from the 'phone box outside school and published it in his fanzine. Every now and then he'd meet Wheeler again but so far he couldn't match the immeadiacy of the interview made that lunchtime. Since then he spent a lot of time trawling for fresh talent at divey pubs and although the Duke of Wellington wasn't,it wasn't The Ritz either. He'd been at The Ritz earlier in the year. Not his usual hunting ground ,indeed he was just standing in for the usual guy who was on holiday. Alison at home was thrilled: ''Anna Scott! I feel like I could know her and be her best friend and go shopping with her and…'' And Tarquin had,after all been thrilled too. He'd gone in a long time after the chap from Horse and Hound. The bloke had shown up at the same time but been sent in straight away just with the mention of his name whilst the rest of us had had to wait our turn. Maybe Alison was right,if he got on,got promoted or went to a paper that had a different profile,maybe his name would open a few doors. As it was the interview with Anna Scott had gone very well and he bumped into the bloke from Horse and Hound as he was on the way out and he summed her up: ''Fabulous.'' And he was right. She was obviously very happy about something and she twittered away like a school girl. She was very emotional and he was in there for a bit longer than the five minutes he was allotted. The P.R. chief and the American woman running it came in and chevvied them up. At that point Anna changed a bit, perhaps she'd realised how late it was and she virtually walked out. Good stuff though. The Editor gave him a pat on the back and a pay rise. The Duke of Wellington was full of totally different people. The group that Tarquin was due to see attracted a rough lot and they clashed a bit with the regulars who were obviously most strongly represented by the big Welshman. Although 'Taffy' had had a few he was still compos mentis after the gig and Tarquin noticed too that actually,although he was full of shit most of the time,he had something about himself that you couldn't help but like. Maybe that's why his mates ribbed him so mercilessly especially when he told such tall tales. ''So this megastar right,is staying at your house.'' ''Well they're in love you know.'' ''But he's a fuckin' dickhead,it's not a proper bookshop,it just sells atlases and shit.'' Tarquin mused about the story as he walked home. He'd tell Alison,she'd be all squidgy about it,a couple hiding away to keep their love a secret. ''So is it true?''Alison asked. ''Well I don't know,I don't wanna know.'' ''Well why not?If you uncover it and get an interview and some photos you'd be made and we could get a better place.'' ''I think there's been quite enough photos of her.'' Tarquin reeled at the thought of someone he loved like Alison being displayed like so much meat. If that nice woman had really gone to this man for help he certainly wouldn't want to interfere. When Tarquin had gone to bed Alison checked the Standard:'….staying at The Ritz but not been seen all day'. She thumbed through Tarquin's address book,selected a promising entry and a man answered promptly. ''Anna Scott is staying with two men in Notting Hill in a house with a blue door.''Then she hung up. Karen hadn't heard from Anna all day. Tony reported back that the delivery had gone well and Jeremy had spent a long time with her trying to re-carve up their respective responsibilities in the light of what Jeremy had deduced. The conversation continued over dinner and Karen went to bed wondering whether her friend was sleeping alone. Her telephone rang at 10.30am. ''The Press are here.'' ''Someone found out?'' ''No,there are hundreds of them. My brilliant plan wasn't brilliant after all.'' ''We can get you out.'' ''I know.'' ''You're due in L.A. Tuesday '' ''I know,I know..Ah,Just get over here.'' Tony didn't like it. ''This could get very ugly,the streets 'round there get very congested.I'll get the boys together.I want you to ring Notting Hill police station please Miss and tell them what we're going to do. The crime is obstruction so we have that on our side but we're not allowed to do it either. Neither must there be a breach of the peace.'' At his flat,Jeremy had described the London he grew up in by showing Karen a video of 'The Sweeney'.Riding in the second Jag she couldn't help but feel she was on a raid. Westbourne Park Road was jammed and Karen was petrified. Anna was inside the house so protected a bit from the scene that confronted Karen. Tony told her not to make any kind of eye contact with anyone even if she knew them. ''Don't speak to anyone no matter what the provocation Miss.'' Karen was a little surprised at how the throng of reporters opened up but equally alarmed at how instantly it closed behind the four of them. She rang the bell.I hope they're quick she thought. A head popped out of a window upstairs and then disappeared. ''Have you come to get her out?'' ''Is Mr Thacker coming too?'' ''Is she involved with Mr Cargill ?'' ''Does Jeff King know she's shacking up with two men?'' ''Have any more pictures been taken?'' Karen stared at the door,Tony and the boys stared at the reporters. At long last the door opened and a poor little girl stepped forward,the noise was deafening. Karen threw her right arm around Anna and held her as tightly as Anna had once held her. Tony virtually gathered up both of them and the long trudge through the crowd got slower and slower. Karen thought it was like walking through deep snow or treacle. She tried to blot out the questions and comments that she heard and wished that she could do the same for Anna. Karen sensed that as they approached the cars that the reporters were getting more desperate for the enquiries were getting more obscene. They clearly wanted a reaction. Karen pushed Anna into a back seat and climbed in after her. Karen thought of those scenes when the condemned is taken away from the court with a blanket over his head. It wasn't over yet. Although the cars had been carefully arranged so that they wouldn't have to reverse,the reporters crowded around so that they had to inch along. The press banged on the windows and panels trying to attract a face to get that all important picture. Then the horses closed in. A mounted police officer is a very intimidating thing,a horses hoof or an inadvertent kick from a nervous animal was a distinct possibility and the Jag began to pick up speed. ''Tough shit Karen.'' ...Was the last comment she heard from someone outside the car. Anna turned 'round to see a blue door disappear from view, then she began to cry. Tarquin had never seen anything like it in his own neighbourhood. Taffy had been telling the truth after all and his mates would be eating their words now. He guessed one of them had been tempted to make himself a buck or two. He'd never know how wrong his guess was. Tarquin wasn't the only person in the neighbourhood that was unimpressed with the conduct of Her Majesties' Press. Over garden fences,in the pubs and shops and in the market all shades and classes spoke about the spectacle and resolved that such would not be permitted on their streets again. After some careful driving the reporters on their motorbikes followed the other Jaguar,having consecutive number plates made sense. Tony pulled over to drop off his colleague and surveyed the limosine. Pretty much a write off he thought. It certainly won't do for premiers. After a fair bit of driving around Anna broke the silence in the car: ''Yesterday was a good day,which in the circumstances was surprising.'' ''Was he lovely?''Asked Karen. ''It was beautiful but I'll never see him again.'' Karen's emotions were like a dam and the dam had just burst. She'd make Dominic and his lot pay pay pay. Was it his voice?She couldn't be sure…. ''You stupid little bloody fool.'' Karen felt guilty. Did she want Anna to live with William Thacker because her friend was in love with him? Or was it so she would be off her hands and she could establish some kind of normality in her life and get on with Ethnically Diverse before that blew up in her face too? Tony checked his mirrors,indicated left,stopped parallel to the kerb and applied the handbrake. Karen was shocked at her outburst but even more surprised at Anna's reaction, she noticed that Anna's shoulders were going up and down. Oh God,I've broken her, she thought,she's crying again. As Anna turned towards her she realised that wasn't the case for instead Anna started to laugh. ''An hour ago I was in bed with him and since then I've lost him and my best friend.'' The two women hugged and laughed and cried together. My God,thought Karen,a day with him and she's grown a sense of perspective. What happened to The Diva?Tony checked his mirrors,indicated right,selected 'D',Released the handbrake and pulled away from the kerb. Some while later Anna stared at the green lights on the carphone. She'd been thinking about perspective and she'd been thinking about: ''Stay forever.'' She picked up the handset and dialled a number that she had only dialled once before and let it ring. An accented voice answered: ''Hello.'' ''Can you put William on the line?'' ''Hang on…it's for you,'' There was a pause ''Sorry Anna,he doesn't want to talk to you.'' The line went dead. Anna had made up her mind and The Diva issued her order: ''I'd like to go straight to Heathrow airport.'' Her flight wasn't for a few hours but maybe she could get her ticket changed. [The author is indebted to KAMEKA for a contribution to the previous passage] Karen had worked out that she could be at the Headington Stadium at 5:30 if she left at 4:15. Given three quarters of an hour to get ready that meant up at 3:30 and these athletes do this every day. Then they go to their jobs. With Anna away learning her lines for Black Fin,Karen had some time at last to concentrate on developing a strategy for acquiring new business and first thing to do was to meet them and find a way to support their careers and get some money for The Owner at the same time. So that meant sponsorship. All of this seemed to Karen some way away from her area of expertise. Anna Scott approached the Agency when she was about to break into Hollywood but she already had a profile ,so did the other clients. This time the aim was to pick rising stars in a different field that Karen didn't know much about,without being able to see them over a protracted period. Guess work really. Karen had asked around and as Bella had suggested it was a job that required the personal touch. Not a problem,Karen had no issues with a one to one but the other agencies that were doing this kind of thing regularly had huge teams in the field composed of staff that were all ex-athletes or trainers or similar. The Owner wouldn't hire specialists until clients were signed. Karen had two problems: First she wasn't from the right background and secondly even if she did manage to sell herself and forge a relationship,sooner or later the athlete would be assigned to someone else. Still,she realised that you had to start somewhere and The Owner had secured rights concerning the World Championships. She could play on that although Jeremy had confided in her that he had discovered that they really only had the rights to some of it. Table tennis,Archery and Le Crosse didn't seem like the big league and of course few aspiring athletes wanted to compete in those sports. Track and Field were in the hands of rival agencies and worse still The Owner had been prepared to accept shared business in some cases. Jeremy was in charge of a mess. So Karen had managed to track down some possible clients and with Bella's advice in her ears decided to try to meet them on their home turf. Hence the stadium at an un-Godly hour, when they were training. Karen wasn't sorry to go so early,as she approached Oxford the congestion began to heat up. Finally she made the stadium and introduced herself. On reflection it had gone as well as could have been expected. Headington Stadium,was one of the most famous tracks in the country. In the fifties the worlds first four minute mile had been achieved there, so that meant that in addition to local athletes some came from far and wide. Some,like Karen had encountered the congestion and scrubbed training and went straight to work. Some already had deals in place: The University offered excellent opportunities for networking. Some of the students came to Oxford to study and compete from overseas and brought their deals with them, especially those from the The States. Some were snapped up by the efficient,experienced and well-oiled machines of rival agencies. Some were independently wealthy. One competitor was the Crowned Prince of his nation and could call upon his Government to sponsor him. Karen wondered who the Lamborghini belonged to. A few didn't like the well-oiled machines or had been rejected by them and did appreciate Karen's amateur approach,even though Karen didn't. And of course one guy said he'd sign-could Karen get him a date with Anna Scott? All told Karen spent the best part of a month visiting tracks,schools,sports centres and clubs. The number of dedicated people she saw was only equalled by the number of pushy moms. Life on the road was ok but lonely. Once or twice a week she'd ring Pittsburgh and occasionally there'd be Jeremy on the 'phone. She gave her progress report,he gave his. Both of them dutifully reported to The Owner but their Emails did not elicit a comment. Karen had almost forgotten about Primary until one night her mobile rang and it was Dominic. ''Didn't you tell me that Sean Moore was your favourite Bond?'' Karen recalled a conversation with him in a East End bar at least three years ago. She hadn't realised then what a shark the Columnist was . ''Well I suppose so,what of it Dominic?'' ''I think that you might have burnt yer boats with him love because he won't have Jason mucked about.'' Karen began to see some light,Jason Moore starring in Black Fin with Anna. Some talk about a sort of sequel to The Hunt For Red October but Karen knew that it wasn't meant to be. ''Dominic!'' ''It's just that I'm running a story tomorrow that your brilliant junior officer's jumped ship,I mean submarine. Don't try to con me that you don't know all about it. You're more than just P.R.'' Oh God that bloody woman! Time for a master stroke,can't let Dominic know that she didn't know. God knows where he's got it from, maybe Anna blabbed on a chat show,maybe The Diva had been let loose? ''Well tough shit Dominic,yes I heard you.I knew sooner or later you'd fall for something. Let's see it's 10.30 now so you've got about twenty minutes to stop it and cobble something together to fill the inches…'' Karen realised she was talking to a dead line. He'd fallen for it. What time was it in L.A? ''What are you psychic or something?'' ''If you're not doing Black Fin I need to know about it Anna.'' ''I am doing it,I think.'' ''You think! What's that all about? ''Turn over four TRS's'' ''I beg your pardon?'' ''I'll have you know that it's Jimmy's birthday party at 19:00 and he wants four TRS's and a Kentucky Fried Turkey.'' Karen was convinced the girl had lost her marbles. She looked about the Travelodge room: Built down to a price. Breakfast sat in a packet in front of her all ready for tomorrow morning. A tiny carton of orange juice,a thimbleful of long life milk,two biscuity things shrink-wrapped so tightly that they'd crumble to dust at any attempt to open them. The room smelt of liniment and athletes,If Anna was going off the rails the prospect of decent accommodation was all the incentive Karen needed to head Stateside. It wasn't the first time she'd had to go there to rescue Anna,at least there'd be no King of Gramercy although Karen thought that whatever wounds Anna was enduring this time might be considerably deeper rooted than a black eye. ''Do you want me to come to LA?'' ''No I want you to go to Sothebys in New York on Thursday. Have you ever been to an auction?'' Karen never ceased to be amazed how Anna could go from nutcase to commander in the bat of an eyelid ''Well yeah,we had to sell off some of my things when I moved here.'' ''No no,this'll be nothing like that. You've seen it when a Stradivarius gets sold,there's people in the room raising their hands and more on the 'phones. If I go the price'll space-rocket but you'll not be known and so the submarines will have it.'' Karen realised that Anna was deadly serious about this and had done her homework. If she could get her to slow down and explain what she wanted her to do without going off at tangents. ''You want me to buy you a violin then.'' ''You've heard of Marc Chagall haven't you?'' ''Of course,Cubism.'' ''Right,well La Mariée is one of his early works and the Japanese owner is selling it and I want it. We're talking a million at least including the tax. You'll be on the 'phone telling me what's happening and I'll tell you what to do. It'll be a bit stressful I'm afraid. You'll need to have someone with you to help you,charge all of this to my account. When you have it I'll wire the money and you bring it to me. Then we'll deal with bloody Black Fin. Until then I have a cold so I'm not on set.'' Oh golly so Dominic had been right after all,some problem with Anna and a movie that she'd signed to do. From a publicity point of view that's one of the toughest things to deal with. First the studio will brief against you. They'll be stories about the clients' antics on set or what so and so is reported so have said. It'll definitely end in court so the publicity for that will overshadow and conflict with whatever you're trying to do next and for months and even years after that.A minefield. ''OK I'll research it,La Mariée,Sothebys.'' ''L.A. new word Mariée M.A.R.I.E.E there's an accent over the first E.1334 York Avenue 10021 at 7.00pm.'' Karen wrote down the address. What's happened to her. Clear,concise,detailed directions and facts. She can do it when she wants to. Like like when she wanted to know about Ethnically Diverse. What's the common factor?'' ''Ok,why do I need help?'' ''Well I'd just assumed that you didn't want someone to take a painting worth a million bucks off you on the streets of New York. That nice guy that drove the van,he's the sort of help you need. Take him first class and tell him how grateful I was.'' ''Tony.'' ''Sweet man. There's not many of them.'' ''Have you spoken to William?'' The line went dead.''Hello hello,I think we've been cut off.'' Karen tried ringing back but it wasn't answered the first time and the second time a voice said that there was no one there called Mrs. Bambi. The auction room wasn't all that big really. Beautifully appointed,mahogany panelling and leaded lights framed the room. At 6:30 the chairs were beginning to be occupied. Karen wondered which one of these people might prove to be her chief opponent. Certainly if she had known that one of them was called Dominic she would at once direct Tony and the boys to escort him from the building. Discreetly . Tony had sized up the job in hand in an instant: ''This one's just the same as the Notting Hill escape,only American thieves don't play by the rules. You remember what I said about Mr King's people Miss.'' ''Karen.'' ''We'll need four blokes,two on you and two on the merchandise Miss.'' ''Tony,Anna was very grateful for Notting Hill,it's very embarrassing isn't it.'' ''My partner and I talked about it that evening. Of all the people I've looked after,Miss Scott's the only one that's ever bothered to say thank you,even noticed me. That's good really;I can't get close to clients,things happen Miss.'' ''Anna mentioned First Class,if you pick the other guys from Notting Hill they go First Class too.'' Karen thought that Anna wouldn't have hesitated,she'd never know anyway. ''Oh golly Miss,I've got problems now;they'll want it every time. Besides in first class there's nice stewardesses and the boys still can't have a drink.'' ''Then I won't have a drink either.'' The 'phone desks were on the left side of the room from the auctioneers point of view. An assistant auctioneer gave Karen the bidding card. It bore the number 280. ''It's standard increments tonight Madam,you show the card if you're prepared to bid another. You're here for the big one?'' ''La Mariée.'' ''Yeah,I'm bringing it on later,at least it's not heavy. Is there anything else?'' ''If you wouldn't mind.'' Tony indicated towards the office and the assistant nodded. Karen watched through the office window as Tony talked security with the man. She'd seen it before. The man was taller than Tony but he just seemed to shrink. Twenty minutes later Tony returned,the job done. ''OK we're in position,other than the Sotheby's cops we own the merchandise.'' ''A small matter of the sale don't you think.'' ''In the room are the Gentleman and Lady over there. There's two threats on the telephone: a Gentleman from New Jersey and another from South Africa. The latter will drop out at Six Hundred Thousand and the New Jersey one isn't really,he's really in the viewing gallery up there,he wears a wire.'' ''Amazing,did you threaten him or something?'' ''Of course not,it's just that a if a person wants to tell you they're carrying a painting in they'll probably want to boast about whatever else they know.'' ''Well at least that gives us a bit of an edge.'' ''Unfortunately not.'' ''What else did he tell you?'' ''Everybody in the building knows that we represent Miss Scott.'' Tony couldn't resist a wry smile. ''Oh blow how did they find out?'' ''Like I said they don't play by the rules here.'' It was time to put through the call to Anna,Karen picked up the 'phone on the desk but Tony stopped her. ''No no,this is your 'phone.'' Tony opened the attaché case and Karen expected Sean Moore to walk in. ''It's a satellite,the scramblers built in and Miss Scott has one in L.A.'' ''Wow Tony, now that is an edge.'' Karen put on the headset and checked reception. ''Hi you sound like you're just next door.'' Karen ran through the scenario and gave Anna the bad news. ''Right well I think that means another quarter of a million or something.'' Karen stared at the painting on the dais. The Auctioneer was just as Karen had imagined. Auctioneers and baddies in American movies:always an Englishman. ''Ladies and Gentleman,La Mariée depicts a yearning for something that is lost and Sothebys are delighted to welcome you,our guests who seek perhaps to satisfy their own yearning.'' It hit Karen like a brick. Something that is lost. So this is after all to do with him. ''Although many have been puzzled concerning the composition of this Chagall,that it concerns the love of a man and a woman is without doubt. The wedding of a couple,she the bride,he the groom who Chagall portrays differently.A reserve guaranteed at Five Hundred Thousand Dollars,our terms are as advertised and without delay I intend to commence proceedings.'' ''Don't do anything!'' Anna was a bit surprised at how smartly The Auctioneer had started. Karen mustn't bid now. ''Can you hear anything Anna?'' ''Yes the line's perfect I can hear everything in the room. Don't do anything.'' Karen was glad to be able to watch without involvement. It made her more confident,would she fluff it later on? As Tony foretold the South African dropped out during heated bidding just shy of Six Hundred Thousand. Soon the bid reached Six Hundred and Fifty Thousand. Anna broke the silence in Karen's earpiece. ''Raise the card.'' Karen complied and felt every eye in the room turn to her. The Auctioneer stopped mid-sentence. ''Say Seven Hundred Thousand.'' Karen passed on the bid hoping that she was clear enough,She wished Jeremy was doing this,he's a great public speaker. ''Ladies and Gentlemen I'm bid Seven Hundred Thousand Dollars,Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars anyone?'' Karen thought she noticed The Auctioneer glance towards the viewing gallery. Back came the offer from one of the other telephone bidders. Karen guessed that it was really the New Jersey man. ''I'm bid Seven Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars,Eight Hundred Thousand Dollars please.'' The headset remained silent but the Gentleman in the room raised his card. His wife looked at him,Karen tried to imagine what she might be thinking. Admiration? Horror? Bemusement? Her face remained blank. Karen wished she was as calm. ''Raise your card again.'' Karen felt the eyes of the world again. Karen bid Eight Hundred and Fifty Thousand for a painting of a woman and a goat playing a cello. It had to be a cello,it had to be a goat. The Auctioneer looked back to the Lady and Gentleman. Then he looked at the Operator. ''I'm bid Nine Hundred Thousand Dollars.'' Karen hadn't expected to be outbid so quickly. In Los Angeles Anna somehow guessed what had happened,her instructions were explicit: ''Go out to the centre of the room,look up at the public gallery,you'll know instantly who we're dealing with and offer Nine Hundred and Fifty.'' Karen heard a murmur as she walked towards the dais. Presumably The Auctioneer was used to such theatrics for he asked for the next bid like it was so much loose change. Karen remained in her new place,she couldn't make out anyone in the gallery because of the TV lights but she knew that Mr New Jersey could see her standing next to La Mariée. The Telephone Operator was a professional and didn't appreciate being cut out of the loop, her Client should have stayed away she felt. Here was this woman,not a professional bidder,representing that actress with Comms gear she'd never seen used before,standing up to her Client and making her look like a go-between. On her 'phone she heard him make his next offer and she placed it. ''I'm bid Nine Hundred and Seventy-five Thousand Dollars. Can I ask for One Million Dollars.'' In L.A. Anna knew it was close,down to Twenty-Five Thousands now and so Mr New Jersey must be near his limit. He wanted it for a private collection,or perhaps as an investment or to offset against tax. On loan to a gallery perhaps to make him look like more of a philanthropist. Anna had a much deeper reason: If she could patch things up with William. If he'd see her again then perhaps the original might allay any fears he might have that she wouldn't want to share her wealth with him. She didn't really think that he cared too much,even separated she knew that their love went straight past money. On the other hand even though he'd paid the bill at Nobu without a second glance,she knew that he couldn't buy dinner for two at £347.00 every day. And of course he had the print. When she'd seen it in the kitchen,she'd known the auction was imminent,she'd have probably tried for it anyway. If she'd missed it never mind,there'd have been other works to buy. But not now,now she had to have it. ''I need it as a present for someone.''She told her accountant. The last time Anna had bought a work of art at auction Jeff had been with her. The advantage of having a presence like Jeff in the room was immense and even when Anna tired Jeff didn't. Face to face with those that bought every other day the street fighter in him faced them down and intimidated them out of the running. Anna knew that good though Karen was,her positive strengths would be liabilities in that room and she'd tire or lose her nerve or both before too long. ''Raise the card and say Nine Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand.'' Karen was confused,The Auctioneer was asking for a Million,would Nine Eighty-Five get it? Still,maybe that would end it. Anna sure must want it but what has that got to do with her love for William? The Auctioneer looked at Karen. ''Yes Madam?'' ''Nine Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars.'' ''Don't forget to glare at the gallery.'' Added Quarter Diva. The Auctioneer remembered the last time Anna Scott had bid. Very well judged,a pity that her choice of companion was not so praiseworthy. Attendance at an auction,certainly at Sothebys and definitely at one of his demanded an amount of decorum. And clean clothes. ''You had enough Mac?'' Mr King might have been an accomplished performer but The Auctioneer would have preferred it remain in the cinema. This time Miss Scott had stayed away and instead of engaging the services of a professional had sent her assistant into the lions den. Miss Scott must have her own reasons for doing it like this but he couldn't fathom them. Either way this lady sure had some bottle. Whatever happened he wanted to make sure that she was looked after on conclusion. The Telephone Operator thought her Client would stay quiet,She thought she heard a door close upstairs somewhere,Certainly she heard nothing on her telephone. ''Thank you Madam,I'm bid Nine Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars,can I ask for Nine Hundred and Ninety-five Thousand Dollars now?'' The Auctioneer looked at the Operator . He looked at the Lady and Gentleman. He looked at the gallery. Nobody tried to catch his eye. ''I'm bid Nine Hundred and Eighty-five thousand Dollars,are there any more bids please?La Mariée,Marc Chagall,at auction for Nine Hundred and Eighty-five Thousand American Dollars this evening at Sothebys here in New York City.'' The Auctioneer went 'round the room again,they all looked at their feet or the ceiling or La Mariée. Only one person looked at him and she looked scared. Standing beside her stood a man,he looked like he was never scared. The Auctioneer knew he could drag it out,he might top a million,that would earn him more commission but right now the scared woman was more important to him. Let's get this done. ''For Nine Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars the first time.'' Pause ''I'm concluding this auction Ladies and Gentleman,For the second time of asking now,Nine Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars.'' Another round of the faces. Could the scared woman hold on? ''For the third and final time then,Nine Hundred and Eighty-Five Thousand Dollars.'' Auctioneers practice offered a wide range of different styles when concluding. When it was a real hammer a solid whack was possible,some colleagues still favoured a decisive blow but the fashion these days seemed for an almost unobtrusive tap. The Auctioneer raised his gavel. The doors at the back of the room burst open as if an explosion had happened behind them and marching down the central isle a slight balding man raised his voice. ''Nine Hundred and Ninety Thousand.'' The New Jersey man was not finished yet. ''Thank you sir,I'm bid Nine Hundred and Ninety Thousand Dollars. Can I ask for Nine Hundred and Ninety-five Thousand Dollars.'' The Auctioneer went around the room again. The Lady and Gentleman would not return his gaze. He looked at Karen. Would Miss Scott bid again? The Auctioneer thought she would. In L.A. it had taken a few moments for Anna to catch her breath and realise what had happened. For a moment or two she thought the new bidder might be,well new. When she cottoned on she realised that the same scenario was in play. On the 'phone or in person,the man from New Jersey was still very near his limit. Judging from the drama a bit past it even. ''Offer Nine Hundred and Ninety-two Thousand.'' Karen heard Anna's bid in her headset. It must be real close. Despite already getting to the brink once Karen felt more confident now and when she placed the bid her bright voice reflected her feelings. ''Nine Hundred and Ninety-Two Thousand Dollars please.'' ''Thank you Madam,I'm bid Nine Hundred and Ninety-two Thousand Dollars. Can I ask Nine Hundred and Ninety-four Thousand Dollars?'' Mr New Jersey was sweating. He'd thought that he might have had enough earlier,thought that he might have given up. The Chagall spoke of loss. He didn't want to lose it but he was over his limit already. If Anna Scott wanted it that much….She's an actress,what does she know about art? She does space things. She knows about make-up. What's she gonna do with it? He'd never seen her mount an exhibition. Well not of her art anyway. Her ass maybe. One more go. ''Nine Hundred and Ninety-two Thousand,Five Hundred Dollars.'' A gasp circulated the room. Someone down to hundreds. ''Thank you Sir,I'm bid Nine Hundred and Ninety-two Thousand ,Five Hundred Dollars. Can I ask,please for Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Dollars?'' Anna thought about it. She didn't want to dance to Mr New Jersey's tune. She was also concerned about Karen,could she hold her nerve? Anna thought she could but how much do you ask of someone? She'd thought about hiring a professional but the desire to have something normal was too strong. William had his friends. Anna had Karen and Tony. Two teams at the top. If Anna had asked her,Karen would have allayed her fears. She was loving the experience. Still she'd be glad when it was done. What would happen now? Finally Anna broke the silence. ''Just raise the card.'' Almost immeadiately,as Karen started to move The Auctioneer made his announcement. ''Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Dollars. Can I ask you,Sir for a bid of Nine Hundred and Ninety-four Thousand American Dollars?'' 'No,you can't….. ' Was Jersey's first thought. He had no seat allocated to him,was supposed to be in the gallery. In fact he wasn't really supposed to be there at all. As he looked away from The Auctioneer he noticed an empty seat,He needed to sit down. ''It's in your court Sir. Can I ask for Nine Hundred and Ninety-four Thousand Dollars?'' The room was silent. No-one returned his gaze. Karen stood beside Tony.A rock she thought. ''Can I ask for Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Five Hundred Dollars? Again a silent room. Will they let me finish this time? ''Sir?'' No reaction from New Jersey. ''Very well then Ladies and Gentlemen.I'm bid Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Dollars for La Mariée here this evening.I intend to conclude our auction if there are no more bids at this time.'' Another check of the room. ''For the first time of asking. Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand American Dollars,Ladies and Gentlemen. Going once.'' Now,a proper look around the room. On the 'phones,at the back where the last minute ones like to hide, Mr New Jersey got a hard stare. ''Going twice,for the second time of asking now at Nine Hundred and Ninety-three Thousand Dollars here tonight.'' Surely not again,not another interruption as he concluded. ''For the third and final time then.'' The Auctioneer raised the gavel,just enough so people could see it,not so much that his colleagues would rib him about hammering a nail. ''Sold…'' Whatever The Auctioneer may have had to say about the auction or La Mariée or Sothebys was drowned out like The Beatles. Everybody was talking;everybody was shaking hands;everybody was surging forward,everybody was trying to reach Karen. Tony and the boys were in their element,Karen and La Mariée virtually disappeared,even The Auctioneer missed it and he only looked away for an instant. Ten minutes later Karen found herself in the corner of a massive warehouse surrounded by crates and parcels of every description. She felt sure this must be where Indiana Jones keeps the Ark of The Covenant. Sitting beside her, The Auctioneer held a box of tissues and a glass of water. ''Are you sure you're alright Madam?'' ''Yes I think so.I just feel a bit giddy that's all.'' The Auctioneer brushed Karen's hand for the briefest of moments. ''You were brilliant,you've never done this before?'' ''No,but it was straightforward really.'' ''Well I'm glad you think you so. When you see Miss Scott you can tell her from me that I think it's a bit much. Sothebys would have been pleased to provide her with the service she required rather than using a colleague or friend.'' Karen didn't feel used at all. She felt that the auction was friendship, duty. It had been a great experience. It was part of Operation Boy. Still ,she was grateful for the concern of The Auctioneer. Tony arrived at that point with the assistant from before. ''Our property is already on its way. The business is attended to Miss,although this Gentleman requires your signature.'' Karen signed the forms without reading them,she started to but The Auctioneer told her not to worry about it and shook hands wishing,on reflection some time later,that he'd enquired about dinner. Dinner with a Client in her house with her friend was a bit too close to Tony's non-fraternisation rule for his liking but his partner told him not to be so silly. ''So it's an orgy is it? Those pictures of her!'' ''No of course not.'' ''Well go to dinner and enjoy yourself,you've had some adventures and she's grateful. And chill for God's sake. Anna, Karen, that's their names OK,you're officially off duty.'' The view of The Hudson was breathtaking and Tony spent a long time looking at the artworks in Anna's apartment. The dinner was lovely,Anna's cooking wasn't celebrity stuff. Mum's home cooking really although dessert was definitely an aquired taste. Apricots and honey. Surely you want apricots to taste of apricots not honey. He noticed Anna really liked it. He and Karen gave Anna a blow by blow account of the auction. ''I think The Auctioneer took a shine to you,I was on the verge of making myself scarce.'' They all chuckled. ''You see that's why Karen's part of Operation Boy,she gets all the chances,has to fight them off. Older English Gentleman. There's at least two now and they'll be lots more to choose from in The Siege of London.'' ''The Henry James,you've started Black Fin,learnt all the lines. What's wrong with it?'' ''Message from Command:Would you like them to send in the H K's? No,turn over four TRS's and tell them we need Radar Feedback before the KFT's return at 19:00. Then inform the Pentagon we'll need Blackstar Cover from 10:00 through 12:15. Very well Captain I'll pass that on straightaway. Thank you. And Cartwright,I promised little Johnny I'd be home for his birthday so could you get a message to him that I maybe be a little late. Certainly,I'll do what I can Captain but I can't promise anything.'' ''Well?'' ''I think Karen,that what our client's trying to tell is she thinks the script to her next project is bollocks.'' ''It took six guys to write that garbage,now they've got another team on a rewrite because Jason and I said we weren't happy with it. We neither of us said it was bollocks. Though Tony, I wished we had.'' ''So how did the London press get the idea that you were going to pull out?'' ''I don't know,maybe it was Jason,maybe ….'' ''Maybe it was his Dad!'' Concluded Karen. ''Yeah,that makes sense doesn't it?Jason is getting cold feet,Tells his Dad who tells a contact but mentions my name so Jason doesn't get the blame. Your Dominic takes up the story but your ruse is enough to discourage him from printing a story that hadn't been checked and involved Sean Moore.'' ''Now you two ladies are getting far too close to how I do my job. How does the painting fit in to all this?'' ''Ah,It's a present for someone.'' ''Someone! You mean you've spent just shy of a million on a present for a man you've met,what five times?'' ''Six. And with the commission and fees and tax it was well over. And the insurance on top of that.'' ''I'm sorry Miss…Anna but I have to ask this,has he been checked?'' Anna was slightly annoyed that Tony asked the question. ''I don't need to.'' ''I agree with Tony,It's not very nice but remember someone told the press you were in Notting Hill and they knew about Spike too. Have you got contacts that could check bank balances Tony?'' ''He'll never know it's been done and what's more if I find nothing I'll tell you nothing. How about that?'' Anna didn't like it. She knew that normal people with normal relationships didn't have their friends 'checked'.As she'd remarked to William: 'Any time I've tried to keep anything normal with a person that was,normal, it's just been a disaster.' Now she thought that but for her appalling behaviour she might have something normal and she wanted to keep it that way without compromise. On the other hand what Karen said was true,presumably it had been Spike but she didn't know for sure. Did she want to know? Well not really but if there was something nasty hidden away,well it would come out sooner or later anyway. In any event she wasn't at all sure that she'd be able to get back with him. She just hoped that when the right moment came he'd want to try again like she wanted to She hoped against hope that he thought about her as often as she thought about him. Every waking moment. Alright then,let Tony do it He would keep it to himself or tell her,or maybe Karen she thought,if there was some story to be told. ''Alright Tony,help me with that…..'' And quickly changing the subject. ''…Shall we have a look at it then?'' On the way down the stairs Anna explained why they were going to her garage. ''The crate was much too big to take upstairs so I had Tony's guys lock it in the Prius. It's all nailed shut so I couldn't open it but there's some tools so you'll know what to do.'' Oh golly,Tony had been caught like this before. Decorate a room or fix a car with the tools women buy. Usually it's a pair of scissors and a knitting needle. This time Tony was wrong. ''Jeff used to work on his motorbike in here,I gave him that tool cabinet.'' Tony lifted the crate out of the Prius's boot and put it on the bench. Whatever sort of man Jeff King might have been,Tony realised that he sure knew how to run a workshop. He selected the correct screwdriver bit and using the electric screwdriver opened the case,after several layers of packing La Mariée finally came into view. Under the florescent light in the garage the Chagall looked completely different to the painting that Karen and Tony had bid for the other day. The first thing they noticed was the texture of the paint,in some places it stood up from the canvass nearly a quarter of an inch. The roughness of the brushwork close up didn't say quality but it did say real .And original. They spent some time looking at the gilded frame and the back of the work. The labels,to the collector were all important and Anna was able to offer a run-down of the history of the painting with reference to them. The colours ,close to,seemed to be varied or scattered depending on how you looked at it. It wasn't the same blue all over for example,because the texture interfered with it so much. They also spent some time checking out the details in the background. Even after a close up view of thirty minutes or more they were still finding things that they hadn't noticed before. Finally Karen broke up the art class. ''OK Anna,so you're gonna give it to him. When and how?'' ''Well I don't know really,The plan,such as it is,is to take it with me and go to see him and sort of keep it in the background and leave it with him as a sort of peace offering. Maybe. If necessary .For all I know he might have found someone else.'' ''When is this likely to happen? You're officially filming Black Fin, if you pull out...'' ''Oh I have to.'' ''Why Anna?'' ''Because William doesn't like it.'' ''He doesn't like it! What's that got to do with anything? Anyway you're not with him…sorry….'' ''I know,I know. But really when we're not together;I mean not together at all,like now;I still feel that we are still together and anyway I trust his judgement.'' Tony thought about William Thacker. Other than a shadow at the door he'd never seen him. Tony knew,or thought he knew,that when he did see him he'd know it. That man must be something. He's got his hooks into Anna Scott so deep, usually it's the other way 'round isn't it? Is it? Karen's next,rather terse question snapped him out of it. ''But you've said yourself he might not have you back. Can you really allow him to influence what you're doing that much?'' ''When he took the piss out of Blackstar he was only saying what I thought anyway but I was too close.I can't blame my Agent,she thought I wanted to do this sort of thing. Space flick,Sub flick. Besides Helix is probably gonna get me an Academy Award.'' ''Hmmp'' Karen made her sound not just because she knew that Black Fin really had been sunk. It was also because she knew that she'd have to fight Anna's corner going into the Oscars with Anna assuming that,after all,she was going to win. And they're fickle enough already. ''Sorry Karen but I know that pulling out of Black Fin will cause ructions for you.'' ''Well yes but that's not what I'm thinking about. What do you think? You obviously agree with him,that it's garbage but why? Why would The Siege of London be better now when you turned down Mrs Headway months ago? Would they have you still?'' ''Well they said I still had first refusal.I far as I know they've not got very far with pre-production.I haven't told my Agent to organise it yet. She'll go bananas obviously but there's another reason for doing The Siege of London.'' ''Yes?'' ''Well,the clue's in the name isn't it. London. He's there,you're there,and we've been through it for real. If it weren't for Tony's boys and his brother and his van we'd probably still be under siege somewhere.'' They all chuckled. ''Ok Anna,one thing is though, how're you gonna carry it?''Tony gestured at the Chagall. ''Well I've got The Captain's trunk to take it away in.'' Now there's a name Karen heard mentioned a lot. Tony had never heard it before of course but he followed Anna's gaze to the corner of the workshop. Sure enough an old,battered steamer trunk lay on the floor. He could pick out the name on the label. 'Captain MDR Scott .' Usually hidden away in the office at Oxford Circus or chasing backwards and forwards to Anna,or maybe running tracks at Five-thirty in the morning,Karen knew that being on set for a month or so would be a great change of scenery. Especially if the scenery included a certain man. The past months had been a whirlwind for Karen. First of all were the new accounts: Athletes didn't need flowers in the green room or have the ad-dabs at Monte Carlo parties. Their issues were more down to earth: ''I've lost my job at the call centre.'' ''My mum's sick so I can't train.'' ''I haven't bettered my P.B.'' ''I didn't know it was a banned substance. It wasn't last time.'' The Owner said he'd hire more staff once the accounts were there and in a sense he did. That is,he didn't complain when Karen and Jeremy hired them for him. Jeremy told Karen that he'd appeared,with entourage,at The World Championships but although Jeremy managed to corner him for half an hour before he had to fly off,he didn't offer any advice or encouragement. Jeremy couldn't work out what he spent his time doing or what he was doing with the money he regularly took,without notice,from the operational funds. At least he didn't change anything this time or commit the Agency to anything it shouldn't be doing. As it happened Black Fin wasn't so difficult after all. If it had just been Anna it probably would have been tougher but everybody knew that Jason Moore hadn't been happy either and although nobody mentioned Sir Sean everybody wondered whether he might have made a 'phone call or two at some point. The way it was left was that Anna might be interested in re-joining the crew aboard the good ship Black Fin next year as soon as her commitment to her next project was fulfilled. There were several pieces in The States and in Variety about performers pulling out of contracts and also a couple of pieces written by wiser heads concerning the quality of parts for women. Karen thought that the general consensus was that if you need a dozen guys to write a movie script it's probably a bit shaky anyway. Anna Scott should have known better than to sign up to something like that but if there's a shortage,she'd maybe had little choice and anyway,after Helix who could blame her for wanting to stay on a roll. Besides,Siege was being produced by three blokes,including Sam East,from a tiny office in Soho and no-one in London would hear a word against them. Here was The Queen of Notting Hill in The Siege of London. Dominic and his colleagues loved the prospect. Lots of opportunities to remind their readers of Anna Stunna's previous exploits. With an emphasis on the X: Pictures of Anna coming out of a spacesuit. Although Fox wouldn't allow them screenshots so it had to be a photograph of a model and a kid's spacesuit Pictures from Anna's porn film. Although every time they put them on the front page circulation dwindled,particularly in West London. The restrictions were getting more tough for the owner of the photos so he was charging more every time they were published. Slowly Anna's legal team were getting somewhere restricting circulation. Pictures of Anna in Notting Hill. On the face of it these offered the paper's their most promising lead. Dominic and his editor and their opposites at the other papers made their way to West London in search of a story: William Thacker and Boris Cargill,known as Spike. One owns a bookshop and the other sings and plays harmonica in semi-pro groups. All Mr Thacker would say was: ''No comment.'' When pushed the furthest they'd get was: ''She's a friend.'' Or ''Look,I've told you all there is to know so if you wouldn't mind,now can I suggest that you ask Miss Scott.'' A couple of brave souls tried to get something out of Mr Cargill. In contrast to William the problem here was stopping him: ''Anna Scott ! Anna yes,well let me tell you now well I could tell you things about Miss Scott that would make you're balls shrink to the size of raisins! Oh yes boy!See,she's in space and the capsule is out of control and she's got just minutes to save everyone and she has to take the spacesuit off afterwards for decontamination.A very well turned pair of ankles if I may be so bold out of a spacesuit you know. And then there was this time in an art gallery see and this fella says he wants to marry her in seven seconds but I don't see how you could marry someone that fast though 'cos you've got to book the church and make the cake and everything and you couldn't do that in seven seconds now could you,I ask you.'' The direct approach fared little better. ''What happened when she came to your house?'' ''Oh it's not my house now silly,did she come there?Well now I s'pose she must've 'cos you all took my picture with me in grey underpants. You know they're famous now aren't they?How much do yer think I could get for 'em do yer think?Lovely to talk to you.I buy your paper everyday,thanks for all the drinks. Is that your car with the parking ticket on it?'' Another problem that Dominic and his colleagues noticed was the attitude of increasing numbers of people in West London. Several of the nicer eateries seemed to be permanently busy. Food in pie and mash cafes seemed to always be cold or they'd just turned the stove off for cleaning. It was the same in the pubs: If Dominic took his wife out they'd be served same as usual. If he went into the same pub a day or two later with the lads they got served late or there was a problem with the beer or something. And then there was the circulation. The group owned several broadsheets,they sold slightly better,tabloid sales were down 20% in the area; One morning Dominic noticed his paper was not stocked at his station.A notice said: 'Not sold here.' ''It's just not on sale.''Was all the vendor would say. Back at the office a hasty meeting was held and someone recalled what happened,indeed was still happening in Liverpool over a paper's editorial about Hillsborough. The Chairman,The Editor and Dominic cornered a junior who lived in Notting Hill. ''I've been asked if I write for us and I lied and said no.A couple of guys and a woman knocked on my door one morning. It's because of the incident that Sunday. Everybody's talking about it. If you're seen with a copy of our paper it'll be taken from you. There's a lot of people in Notting Hill in particular who thought they should have been left alone. It's not kids or rich or old or the West Indians or any one group. The women are behind it a lot.'' The Chairman said he'd speak with his golf partner,he had the ear of the Chief Constable. The Editor assigned more of his troops to Notting Hill. There must be a story there. They all groaned at the posting. Dominic consulted his own expert that evening: ''It's your own fault,I've told you before. You see a story. They're people.'' Then his wife served dinner. Anna asked Karen to be on set with her for good reason but knew that it would mean that Karen couldn't get on with the other work that her Agency wanted her to do. Sooner or later Anna knew that Karen's role would have to be re-thought. She knew that there was only one person she'd trust enough to do that with and he was the reason that she wanted her on hand. ''OK so he knows I'm here. Maybe reads it in the papers.I'm doing the Henry James. He knows that I know he favoured me doing it in the first place,maybe he puts two and two together. Maybe he visits the set. If he does,you're here to make sure he doesn't disappear,or get cold feet or the wrong end of the stick about something. If he doesn't come I go to see him in the shop or at his house or I ring him or write him or something. Either way I need you on hand in case things don't go according to plan.'' As it happened things didn't go according to plan. Kenwood House on Hampstead Heath dates from the early part of the Seventeenth Century and is normally open to the public and therein,in addition to the weather lay the root of the difficulties that the producers of The Siege of London encountered. The original plan had been to shoot the exteriors first,principally at Kenwood House over three months in the autumn and the then transfer to Shepperton for interiors for another two. This way,in the controlled environment of the studio,alterations could be more easily made to ensure that shooting matched what was already in the can from Kenwood. Wisely,the producers scheduled a second two week location shoot at Hampstead in the spring so that the reverse could happen. Shooting at Kenwood to ensure that the exteriors matched the material already in the can from Shepperton and from the initial shoot in the autumn. Anna and the Operation Boy go-team were more than happy wth the schedule. Nearly six months in London including Christmas. More than enough time to check on William's situation,for Anna to reconnect with him and hopefully for a romance to blossom properly whilst he helped her with her lines on the flat roof at 280. Within six months she figured,she might be married or pregnant or both. At the dinner party,Bella had announced,in pursuit of the remaining brownie that she could not conceive as a result of her accident and Anna had immediately looked at William. Concern for Bella obviously but there was more etched on his face and Anna realised that William wanted to be a father. He had no children from his marriage so they could make a fresh start. Life in London she felt would suit her and with Karen riding shotgun to keep the papers in hand Anna thought that she and William could spend many a happy afternoon in one of those private gardens. With Blackstar William couldn't really add anything but Henry James was a different matter. Anna had looked at William's bookshelves and it was patently clear to her that here was a man with a knowledge and understanding of the classics that only one other man she knew possessed and that perhaps,if she could make a good job of The Siege of London,she might be able to convince The Captain that her decision a decade before to concentrate on movies had not been so wrong after all. At home in Georgia very early one morning Anna cuddled her pillow a bit more tightly. With any luck it would be Will that she'd be cuddling tightly not long from now. She'd not received a proper answer to the nudity question and perhaps another inspection of her breasts might be on the cards. Was he a breast man? She didn't care really. She felt sure that he felt the same way about her as she did about him. She looked at the 'phone on the bedside table. Go on you idiot. Ring him now. Then she thought about the time difference. He'd be at work. She didn't have the 'phone number of the shop and at home Spike would probably answer. Oh God. A planet called Wales. Any Londoner could tell you that London is the home to more than just The Thames.A dozen or more rivers flow beneath London,buried beneath streets and buildings,rising in the hills to the north and south of the capital. The Fleet is perhaps the most famous of the hidden rivers and it rises on Hampstead Heath. During normal years The Fleet emerges from Hampstead Pools and disappears almost immediately into its subterranean culvert. This autumn things were different. The weather forecasters had to check their computer print outs a second time at the start of September when major depressions started to queue up over the Atlantic and the showers started,followed by days of heavy rain. Walking the thousand yards up Portobello Road to work one morning,William wished he'd remembered his umbrella the night before and turned up the collar of his jacket in an attempt to prevent the rain from trickling down his neck. They'd allocated a week to set up the facilities at Kenwood House. On the Monday they'd take possession and mark out the roadways for plant. Buildings would arrive and be erected on Tuesday. Rigging would commence on Wednesday and Saturday afternoon some test shooting might take place. It was Dominic who sounded the alarm first. ''Have you got a tow rope?'' ''What are you on about Dominic?'' ''Well Karen,it's that I have just been told that if Mrs Headway was to arrive now she'd need gumboots and a canoe up there. Apparently all the lorries are stuck in the mud and they can't get them out. It's all the rain,the ground's sodden.'' Karen rang the producer. No answer. Then she rang Sam East,one of Jeremy's accounts. ''Hello Karen,it's a nightmare here. The ground looked solid enough but it's like a mouldy rice pudding:solid on top and bog underneath. The vehicles can't move and the Health and Safety people say definitely no cranes no matter how much packing they put under them. The RSPCA say no animals either and half my scenes are behind horses. And it just never stops raining.'' ''So what are you gonna do?'' ''Well we've got a few days in hand of course so that's something but The Corporation of London chap said to me 'Forget it,even if it stops raining now,this instant,the ground won't dry out for weeks,months even. He said it's London Clay and it soaks up water like a sponge'.I think we might have to reschedule,do the interiors first. It's arse about face of course.'' Karen thought back to the production of Helix, Most of it might have been shot on the huge sound stage at Pinewood but there were location shoots in a dozen different places 'round the World. Fox had a team big enough and experienced enough to cope with whatever problems nature threw at them. That's the problem with niche films,it's done on a budget and doesn't attract the top people. One of the reasons Anna turned it down in the first place. In this case here's the lead actor trying to sort out locations. The rest of the week went from bad to worse. No,Siege couldn't just swop 'round. Shepperton was booked now and there was no room. Siege was due there in the Winter. Where else could they shoot the exteriors?Plenty of places in the UK but all of them either waterlogged or booked already. The other productions were suffering too. The rain was one thing,with enough ingenuity you could manage. The lack of light,quite another. Especially when you were trying to shoot such big scenes. Eventually the sun shone on the production and someone found an excellent location with a reliable amount of light. The loser was Operation Boy. The new location was in Portugal. The new plan was to complete the exteriors abroad,return to Shepperton for interiors on schedule and then move back to Hampstead for a month or so to marry everything up. No said The Corporation of London,they could only allow the original fortnight. They'd be busy in the spring and the damage to the lawns would have to be paid for by Siege. On their return they'd have to stay off the grass. So Karen missed her opportunity to sun herself on set. Hob-nobbing with handsome and distinguished looking actors. Instead she spent her time with sweaty athletes and pushy mums,fending off attempts by other Agencies to wrest from her the meagre toehold in sports publicity. Anna had a miserable time in Portugal. She concentrated on her lines,annoyed that lines from Black Fin kept on creeping into her memory. Nearly as hard to forget as remember. She'd made another mistake too. She'd had to wait for a flight at JFK and wandered into the bookshop. Fatal. The novel,Captain Corelli's Mandolin was engrossing and so she had three works of fiction on her mind. Four really,she was certain that William would enjoy Captain Corelli and she couldn't get the image of the two of them reading together in a quite park one summer's afternoon out of her head. Even when Siege returned to the UK things went badly. The Director hadn't liked filming in Portugal and eventually matters came to a head. Although he was replaced by someone more experienced,the new man took his responsibilities to heart somewhat and everybody didn't get on so well with him. Anna had no problem with the lines,or their delivery or having to do it so many times but some people did and she got tarred with the same brush. Sam East wasn't so happy,the little team that started it had lost a cog and Anna noticed Sam go off the boil a bit. He'd not concentrate so hard,Anna gave him a bit of friendly advice at one point and the next day she found that he'd repeated it virtually word for word to a reporter. There was nothing wrong with it really or Anna's advice. Sam said in the interview,sincerely,that he was grateful. Anna wasn't so happy. It was the fact that his comments had been so verbatim that alarmed her. Oh how she longed for William,he'd be just the right person here. ''We'll sort it out.''He'd say. Anna liked to stay at The Trafalgar Suite. She more or less had a guaranteed booking. The Ritz had been alarmed at the actions of the press last time both outside their building and in Notting Hill. Word was getting around that certain sections of the press were not welcome in parts of West London and they had to ensure that their establishment remained distant from any possible future developments or reactions howsoever caused. Anna knew nothing of this and when the hotel pointed out that a journey from Central London,at the crack of dawn and back again in the evening might be frustrated by heavy traffic she only thought that their advice was in her best interests. So she found herself staying outside London and nearer to Shepperton. It made sense of course. The hours were long and the shooting,especially under the new regime, exacting. Every so often she'd go to the wardrobe and drag out Dad's trunk. Under the blankets lay The Parcel. Neatly tied with string. She thought back to that happy evening in New York. ''No I don't mean how are you going to take it to London,I mean how are you going to take it to him. It needs wrapping up.'' Tony walked around the corner from Anna's apartment building to the store. All the wrapping paper looked too garish and seasonality was out,they couldn't be sure when the present would be given. Eventually he settled on plain and strong brown paper and string for quite a few dollars less than the last purchase he'd made for his Company's client. Back in Anna's garage the three of them had measured and cut and made a fair job of hospital corners. The string,Anna thought was a master stroke, she felt sure William would appreciate something with string rather than something with scotch tape. Now so many months later she couldn't help but wonder what Mr New Jersey would think of it.'He'd have put it on display',she read. She could have gone to Notting Hill,she could have written or 'phoned but she couldn't help but remember what Spike had said when she'd tried: ''I'm sorry Anna,he doesn't want to speak to you.'' And she had to admit that she had something else on her mind. some unfinished business. Anna Scott had been nominated for Academy Awards before and smiled in usually genuine admiration when other actors walked off with an Oscar. Successful movies she'd noticed,fell into two categories: some got awards heaped on them but were scarely remembered a year or two later. Some made a lot of money,were never off the TV but never troubled the critics. Helix was one of those that seemed to bridge the gap. And so it proved. Up against stiff competition it was always the front runner for best picture and although she didn't really believe it was a formality she knew that picture and lead had a habit of coinciding. Appearing at Sunday night's ceremony Anna thanked her co-stars and director but gave particular praise to the audiences who had flocked to see the picture worldwide. ''We took a risk and the audiences have come with us. In cloud-cuckoo land for some hours afterwards it was a chance remark by Sir Richard Attleburgh in the small hours that made her think. ''Just quid pro quo darling.'' She couldn't hang about. Ten days of filming,In a hurry,on The Heath (or as much of it as The Corporation of London would allow them to tread on) followed by a lightning trip there and back on Concorde and today just one day to finish up. And it wasn't going well anyway. Karen had at last been able to get some sun and a couple of times had been able to spend a short time talking with the few approachable gentleman on set. The trouble was that everybody was so under pressure. Any shot that had been planned to incorporate Kenwood House itself had to done now. Given enough light. So for her what had,she hoped been a nice dinner with a nice gentleman became a quick coffee whilst he tried to learn his lines that had so hastily been rewritten to account for the deletion of this scene or that. Scenes had been cut because of the absence of facilities in Portugal,or time on The Heath or money or a combination of the three. When cutting a movie of two hours, The Editor might expect to have three and a half hours of material to choose from. Siege was: ''As is….'' …as The Director put it. And Anna had to be in New York on Thursday. The Standard had reported that Anna was back in London grasping her Oscar and also speculated that she would imminently don her scuba gear once again. As soon as the Oscars had been announced Black Fin's production company staked their claim.A meeting was hastily scheduled. Anna wasn't at all sure. Black Fin meant Hollywood for six months and she'd given it little thought. In any event she was tired and she'd noticed that other than a quick glance at The Parcel that week William had barely crossed her mind all week. Was she over him? Today's Tuesday. She leaves tomorrow night so Operation Boy looked dead in the water unless something was going to happen very quickly indeed. The final day of shooting of any movie is always difficult. Even when the shoot has gone well. At best a well run shoot might result in,say,three minutes in the can per day. Today,the last day,the aim was maybe ten in total,from different sequences and parts of it. An early start and a quick cup of coffee was followed by,luckily,a trouble-free drive to North London. By 5.30am Anna was in the chair letting Slugger work his magic. Today Anna would be Mrs Headway for the best part of eighteen hours. Karen had a similarly early start but her first duty of the day concerned the daily mountain of correspondence in the office at Oxford Circus. Fortunately Jeremy was back in the country and had a full day at base planned. She hadn't seen him for a few weeks and she wished that she had more time to be with him. ''You look very Summer-y'', he remarked.'' Certainly one of the advantages of being on set was that every day was dress down day. Except for the actors of course. She could only sympathise with Anna concerning the discomfort of her costume. ''You've gotta go tomorrow night,when are you going to Notting Hill?'' ''Heavens Karen,maybe I could call him. There's just no time.'' For Tony and the boys the high pressure of the shoot had been a bit of a blessing. The Director had cracked the whip and the shortage of time had been apparent to even the most self-indulgent of actors so they'd tended to get on with it. Many's the time that Tony could remember having to haul the Jeff Kings of this world out of clubs,night and other kinds,at un-Godly hours and sober them up in preparation for their performance on set the next day. Most of Tony's time during the last two weeks had been occupied with interesting chats with members of the public at the security point. 'Security Point',well that would be an exaggeration,indeed so would security really,the whole thing being so laid back. Later on that day Tony recalled his own briefing to his staff: ''Beware the relaxed atmosphere in a given situation. That's just when you'll miss something important.'' Tony obviously had meant something calamitous,even alarming but as it turned out what he himself missed that morning was neither of those but undeniably he kicked himself later for not making things so much easier for the people he was supposed to be looking after. By 9.30 on duty at the point it was tea all round and after a joke with a colleague Tony noticed that a casually dressed man in his thirties had appeared. ''Can I help you?'' ''Yeah I'm-um looking for Anna Scott.'' ''Does she know you're coming?'' ''No. No uh,no she doesn't.'' ''I'm afraid I can't let you through Sir.'' ''Right,I mean I'm actually a friend,I'm not a lunatic but-er no,basically er…'' Tony had had the conversation dozens of times in that last few weeks,hundred of times over the years. Just tell tell him: ''Can't let you through Sir.'' Tony finished his tea. Later on he thought, just one question would have done: 'Do you live in Notting Hill?' Even after Miss Scott had spoken with the guy,even after Karen left him with Harry,Tony still didn't realise who he was. Then he went missing. ''Mr Thacker,have you seen Mr Thacker? ''Err Mr Thacker ….'' Tony knew so much about the man,his bank balance,the state of his business…..There had been nothing to report,nothing of note,Tony had forgotten about him,as he said he would…. ''That was him.'' Karen realised that Tony hadn't realised who the man was,she couldn't complain,she'd been caught off guard too. ''This is a Henry James film?'' As if he didn't know! But now it was serious. Karen knew that affable Harry would look after him. Just time to run away,get Mr Thacker lunch tokens and get just a couple of seconds with Anna. One to find out when Anna could see him and where,presumably dressing room and one second to go bananas with her. He's here,he's here. He blinked first,that helps us…..er….Anna. He's hers,not ours. Yours is back at the office,hopefully,Karen reminded herself. 'Your Mr Thacker aren't you.I can tell you that between you and me Anna is very,very pleased that you're here. It's just,as she said, this is the last day and so she's really tied up but don't worry she will be back. Here's your lunch tokens and you must remember me,I'm Karen and you know you had me completely fooled,I really thought you were from Horse and Groom,I mean Hound and….' OK. OK….I know what I'm gonna say to him.I'm gushing like a schoolgirl. God knows what Anna's going through and trying to concentrate on Mrs Headway. ''Shit,where is he?'' ''Sorry Karen?'' ''That man Harry,what happened,where did he go?'' ''Oh,well he left,he said thanks and he left.'' ''Harry,this is important where did he go,did he go to use the toilets or go on to the set or something?'' ''No I think he left,I mean he went back up the hill,through the pergola,I mean I was concentrating on me levels at the time.'' ''What did he say,no strike that what did you say?'' ''Well I just gave him the cans and I remember I said,'the volume's on the side' and he sat there and after about three or four minutes he said thanks and had to go.'' ''Harry,there must be more to it,he's important,why did he go?'' ''Ah big-wig is he? Yeah…I mean maybe he didn't like the filming on his land,yer know that's er, maybe the thing. But he didn't say anything to me about it and I didn't tell him anything about the grass either.I mean we know it looks like grass but it amazing what they've done with green paint…'' ''No,no it's not that Harry,I've gotta find Tony. If he comes back don't let him disappear.I've gotta find Tony.'' Half an hour later Tony and the boys had drawn a blank. ''If he's on The Heath we'd have seen him Miss. Do you want me to nip over to N.H?'' ''No we'll have to tell Anna.'' ''I'll come with you. It's my fault,I should have known.'' ''No it's not you,it's just the last day.'' Anna had been just about hanging on to herself. Sam East couldn't have had any idea what was going through her mind. ''…..bony excuse for an arse….'' She thought back to a certain Sunday morning, William had a nice ass. Ah here's the go-team,just a minute or two to go before the next shot. Poor Third gets the worst jobs,chasing'round after everybody. Hey why'd they look so glum? ''Anna he's gone.I'm sorry.'' ''What do you mean,'He's gone'.Where?'' ''We don't know,he was with Harry,I left him and well,it wasn't five minutes. When I went back he'd gone. We don't know why.'' ''I'm sorry Miss Scott,I should have guessed who he was.'' Anna was speechless. It took her some time to comprehend,to collect her thoughts. Poor Third was looking at her,trying to catch her eye. That blasted clipboard. Anna had always relied on The Diva at times like this but now that she was needed ,Anna suddenly found out something that she didn't expect. The Diva had gone AWOL. In her place was someone who, for a second or so Anna herself didn't really recognise,Someone who owed a lot to the support and kindness and concern of her loyal friends and also to one very special love who had just sprinkled his magic over her in the last few minutes and who,even in that briefest of moments had helped to drive away The Diva and replace her with someone who possessed a much fairer perspective on events. ''No,no…'' Karen was worried,was The Diva about to howl? Now was not the time. She herself possessed a clipboard just like Poor Third's there. After all,the day's hardly begun and they are beginning to make progress so a row wouldn't be good just now. ''This isn't your fault at all,either of you. It's nothing to do with you really. It's my problem,it's me.I should have dealt with all this anyway. Just saying I'm,I mean everyone's busy.I don't want you two blaming yourselves. Just wait 'till we've got this scene done and we'll go over exactly what happened and what we're going to do. And thank you so much for all you've done both of you. It's wonderful….'' ''Anna….'' ''Of course,thank you for waiting,I'm ready now.'' Anna disappeared in the direction of a clipboard. Flip-flops weren't what Anna wanted to wear on her feet. Courts? No. After being Mrs Headway all day yesterday the feet needed a rest. Trainers? Ideal but the only pair were caked with mud from The Heath late last night. And green paint. So flip-flops it was. Karen drove Anna to Notting Hill this time. Although Tony would've been ideal both Karen and Anna knew that whatever happened this morning,the result would be emotional,very emotional and they'd rather keep that as private as they could. Anna had The Parcel on the back seat and glanced 'round a couple of times during the journey to check that it was really there. Karen parked the Jaguar on Portobello Road and they looked down the hill at the shop. ''Nine-Thirty,he must be in there by now.'' ''Yeah,if he's not we'll drive down to the house,I've no idea how long I'll be or what'll happen but I would like to find out what made him change his mind yesterday.'' Anna opened a rear door and lifted La Mariée off the back seat. ''Sure,we talked about it for most of last night,it doesn't make sense.'' ''Thank-you,wish me luck.'' Karen watched Anna enter the travel bookshop and wondered how long she'd be. What happened in the shop would,she knew,alter everything in Anna's life and much of her own too. It was a show down for sure. Three possible outcomes she thought: Short visit:He's not there,off to the house. Long visit:Really good result,she's staying;'I'll see you later' or 'come in for tea'. Medium visit:Ah,that's the hard one to call. It could go either way. Twenty minutes of staring at the shop door and then there she is,running her hand through her hair. She looks shell-shocked. No parcel though. Anna opened the door and climbed in. ''Go.'' Karen started the engine and headed back to The Ritz. Don't ask her,she'll tell you. It obviously was bad. Anna looked straight ahead,she didn't look at Karen when she spoke. She was very quiet,very controlled. Karen guessed that Anna was making an enormous effort to keep herself together. She hoped that Anna would let it out sooner rather than later, she was glad that Jeremy was on hand. She guessed that it wasn't just Anna that was going to need some moral support today. ''How quickly do you think you and Jeremy could pull a press conference together for me?'' Well that wasn't expected.A press conference,just like that. ''Golly,I dunno,I've-we've never set them up in a hurry. It could be done. It'll have to be,your flight's at Six.'' ''Yeah I know,well that's happening for sure but I'm not going to that meeting. No Black Fin,no future projects.I'm going home.'' ''Oh,right,ok.'' Karen thought it best to ask nothing now,Anna would go into details when she was ready. Anyway,Karen couldn't do anything now,she had to get back to the office. Dominic was going to have a field day. With the clock ticking Karen couldn't miss a trick. As soon as she got back to the Ritz,whilst Anna retired to the Trafalgar to pack Karen rang him. ''You know that we have been doing all we can to suppress distribution of the photographs and the unsolicited film of Anna Scott.'' ''I do Karen,you haven't mentioned the porn film before,what's up?'' ''Anna leaves tonight,she'll make a statement this afternoon,I haven't worked out where yet but I think you might like to come along and bring all your little friends with you.'' ''Drastic stuff,good publicity for Black Fin Two,you're giving me an exclusive?'' ''I wouldn't think so,by the time I'm finished you'll be just a face in the crowd,when I know where,I'll announce it. Fax,text,Email,whatever. Karen rang Jeremy next,glad that she'd briefed him the night before. ''Anna has decided to blow out Black Fin and damn the consequences,she told me she wants to go home. She wants us to arrange a press conference this afternoon Jeremy and I've just told bloody Dominic.I mentioned the photos so they'll all be there.'' ''She must abide by all her present commitments. We cannot represent an artist who won't.'' ''No I don't think it'll come to that,she's had an upset for sure,I don't know all the details yet. It's personal of course.'' ''Ok.I'll get on the 'phone,it won't be a hard sell. Anna Scott wants to talk to the press.'' ''I'll get there and give you a hand.'' ''Thank's but no,you're better there. Look we want to hold it at The Ritz obviously so book it yourself with them. And get Anna sobered up or whatever and find out what she wants to say. Upset or not I won't have our Clients letting people down. Black Fin's different.A,it's a dead duck and B,It's crap but there's a fair bit still to do for Siege of London. Post-production's all the more important given the chaos of the shoot…shoots. Sam told me this morning they're gonna dub the whole thing at Denham. Apparently the levels are all over the place.'' Karen couldn't help but wonder how things connected. Harry had lost more than just Will Thacker. Karen went to see The Ritz Duty Manager.A formality. The Ritz,in common with its rivals prided itself in offering a complete service to it's clients. Nothing was too much trouble and Anna Scott was one of their best customers. That the Duty Manager even had to think twice concerning Miss Scott's request pained him professionally and personally. He lived in Notting Hill. ''Yes Madam,I'm sure it's not a problem. We've done things at short notice before.'' First he rang Front of House:No.A firm no. Then he rang the General Manager. ''Can we do it? Have we the space for a really big one with what we're already doing? The Duty Manager knew that was it. Would they have to inconvenience other Clients?Yes they would,so it's a real no isn't it. Can't leave her in the lurch though. His establishment had a long running relationship with its chief rival. Relationship wasn't the right word really. They didn't speak. But of course acting on another level they didn't need to. Once colleagues,always colleagues. He dialled a number he'd never forget. ''Watcher mate it's me. Anna Scott want us to stage a big one this afternoon. We don't wanna do it and in fairness we're fully booked. Will you do it?'' ''Yes fella. The Lancaster Room is at her disposal. If you host the papers your neighbours'll skin you alive. What time?'' ''Let's say 14:00.'' Karen agreed the time there and then and took a cab to The Savoy to get the ball rolling: Seating,parking,conference facilities,accommodation,food and drink, translators, front of house, telecommunications, lighting, security, accountancy,health and safety,guest list,disabled access, publicity…She was glad when Tony and later on Jeremy joined her. ''Sorry love,I was a bit short with you on the 'phone,'I won't have our Clients'….'' ''No don't worry,this is a big day for her and so we get a bit of it too.I haven't thrashed it out with her yet. She's due at One so they'll be most of an hour to check with her. She was very measured this morning but that's an act. She's just had her heart broken.'' Ahhh, thought Jeremy,she found out about Jeff King at long last. Funny,I've been away so much I thought it must have been common knowledge. She's just found out how long he'd been two-timing. ''Does this mean that Miss Scott will not be publicising her next film?'' Jeremy had asked Anna the very same question not half an hour before. Anna was horrified. ''Good God no,Siege of London will be great. There's a lot to do on it but apart from anything else it owes me a brand new pair of trainers covered in green paint.'' Karen loved hearing Jeremy's voice at any time. Open, commanding, refined. Amazingly erotic thing the human voice. The acoustics of The Lancaster seemed to deepen it so effectively. ''No,it absolutely does not mean that,she'll be abiding by all her present commitments. She just won't be making any more for the next…year.'' Karen watched as Anna nodded as Jeremy checked with her towards the end of his statement. Yes,they all thought that a year was enough time to scupper Black Fin once and for all. Funnily enough Karen rather thought that Black Fin would suit her now. It would be Hollywood,it offered nothing for a bookshop owner she used to know,in fact he probably wouldn't bother seeing it. Instead,try as Anna might to leave the UK she'd be back,at Denham. Karen wasn't sure if Anna knew about the dubbing,maybe it wouldn't happen anyway. Sam East wasn't The Director after all but if Harry's levels were out they'd have to do something and so releasing in the US towards the end of the fall seemed about feasible. Karen surveyed her flock. About a hundred and twenty of them,and a straggler slipping in rather noisily behind the monitors over to her left. She couldn't see really. She thought everyone knew it was 14:00 sharp. She knew nearly all of them and their publications,The Sun,The News of The World,The Daily Star and The Evening Standard of course. Then there's Hello and the other gossips,the TV and the foreign ones.A good crop. She wondered how many of them were disappointed. Had they thought that Anna was going to speak about the porn film? How did they end up thinking that? Cat got your tongue Dominic? Ah there's his hand. ''Anna,how much longer are you staying in the UK then?'' Karen knew that Anna would head straight to Georgia. The hidey-hole was a possibility, she'd love to be able to get away from it all. Jeremy felt it was going well enough. His Client had assured both himself privately and agreed wholeheartedly in public that present commitments made would be abided by. Given the circumstances he was impressed by Anna. Perhaps,no,definitely he wasn't as able to read her as well as Karen but he could see well enough that she wasn't too happy and Jeremy thought that all she wanted to do was run away and hide. He remembered that he felt much the same last year when his divorce was finalised. Twenty-five years down the drain. Jeremy just hoped that nobody brought up the subject of Jeff King. ''Is your decision to take a year off anything to do with the rumours about Jeff and his present leading lady?'' Jeremy held his breath. Karen didn't. She was much more interested in the man in the pink shirt making his way through the crowd. Although The Savoy had provided seats,a lot of them had just been used to support briefcases and handbags and the ever growing quantity of paraphernalia that reporters had to lug 'round with them. The front row,whence the current question came,were seated but behind that it was standing only and if you were discreet,Karen felt,you could creep down the front and that was obviously what that man was doing in the pink shirt. And he looked very much like William Thacker! The crowd chuckled. Jeremy was amazed. She's just found out that her boyfriend has been involved with his leading lady for all these months and calmly says it's really not my business anymore. And she had a go at him. Always rumours about that sort of celebrity. Jeremy remembered back five years: Hamburg, he and a young black security guard had dragged King out of Die Blau Diamant at the dead of night. He'd had to pay the bill with their joint account and his wife never accepted his explanation. Karen squirmed in her seat. She looked at William,half behind a couple of reporters;one she didn't know,one she did but couldn't place. Perhaps he's standing in. The notice had been short for a lot of them. What are you gonna do?What are you gonna do?Don't you know this is a press conference? She looked across at Anna,she didn't think that Anna had seen him. It must be more diiificult for her,she's got a lot more on her mind. as for Jeremy,he's got no idea. Just you wait, something's gonna happen soon. Just need a spark. ''The last time you were here there were some fairly graphic photographs of you with a young English guy so,er,what 'appened there?'' Karen wanted to shout: 'Him,he's there,that's the young English guy.' ''We were just friends,we're still friends,I think.'' Karen felt her eyes moisten,'…we're still friends,I think.'Hold on though he's just about to turn this upside down. Jeremy wasn't too sure,he'd let most of the higher profile ones get their chance. Just time for the odd last one now. Better choose a rank outside. Yeah,that chap there. Don't know him. ''Right ,um Gentleman in the pink shirt.'' Karen had read that when you're in a car crash or something,you think life slows down and she told Bella later that the next few minutes felt like an hour. Like this,waiting for William to speak,she thought he might have stage fright or something because he said nothing for a long time. Hurry up or Jeremy will go to someone else. ''Yes…Miss Scott. Are there any circumstances in which the two of you might be more than just...good friends?'' Karen wasn't sure at which point Anna realised that her lover had been in front of her for five minutes without her seeing him. Even years later when they'd replayed the scene a trillion times Anna still couldn't recall. If it had been a movie they could have worn out the pause button working it all out. Karen felt so powerful,normally she deals with things that have happened or things that will be done by Clients. This time she was seeing tomorrow's headlines today: TOTAL STRANGER PROPOSES TO ANNA SCOTT IN FRONT OF THE PAPERS And other than Anna,she's the only person in the room that knows what happening,what's going on. Anna's doing it so Karen felt that she was the only one at all. ''I'd hope there would be but now I'm assured there aren't.'' Good answer Anna,thought Karen. She'd not had a blow by blow account from the morning but that answer told her all she needed to know. He'd turned her down. She noticed some new arrivals over on the far side. Three or four,one in a wheelchair. ''But what would you say…'' ''I'm sorry,just the one question please…'' For God's sake Jeremy. Shut up. Karen wanted to strangle him. ''I was just wondering if it turned out that this person….'' ''Thacker,his name was Thacker.'' Remember Jeremy,remember that name. Our conference is being hi-jacked….And what did he just say?He did just say PRICK didn't he? DAFT PRICK in fact! Jeremy was incensed for a second. Hang on it's not his conference it's the Clients and this isn't normal. Isn't he going to ask about Miss Scott's next project? Karen watched the crowd. They were noisy. They were on the edge . She didn't sense that they were angry or annoyed though. They just didn't understand. Who does that guy write for? ''Yes,I believe I would.'' Karen could only see the side of Anna's face but she was certainly thrilled. She wondered if she'd rush to him there and then. She wanted to herself. ''That's very good news. the readers of Horse and Hound will be absolutely delighted.'' All right,just 'cos you caught me out,twice,don't push yer luck. What's Anna doing? ''Can you ask that man there to ask his question again,about going tonight.'' Jeremy was lost. Man in pink shirt rang a bell though. ''Right, er Dominic. If you'd like to ask your question again.'' Dominic knew he was being used but like his wife had said. 'They're people'. ''Yeh, Anna. How long are you intending to stay here in Britain?'' Karen loved it. You're being made use of by the person whose life you've made a misery so many times. How apt it had to be you. Karen did hear Anna's reply but it never registered. As the press slowly caught up with what they'd either witnessed or been a part of she found that she only had eyes for one person. She looked behind Anna and eventually he turned 'round to her. She smiled her brightest smile. And he returned it. So Bella and Max were William Thacker's friends. They'd hosted the dinner party last year and that was how Anna knew that Bella might be able to help with Ethnically Diverse. The last hour had been mad. Like something coming together but in a very messy way. Karen understood how Tony felt: You've got a job to do so you don't wanna be friends. On the other hand all your friends want to talk to you. A week later Karen and Jeremy had slowed down enough to pick through it all and she told him that the best thing about it was the meeting of the two teams. Bella,Max,Honey,Bernie and Spike and her,Jeremy and Tony. It wasn't quite the same. They were friends,we were people who worked for her but either way we'd all supported our center forward. Karen had thought that Anna did a very good job of keeping herself under control in The Lancaster Room. The Press got the idea eventually and Karen heard a guy exclaim,''They're going t' get married.'' She watched Dominic close in towards William but he was already surrounded. ''Then you're Mr Thacker,aren't you?'' William remembered later that they all asked that same question really or at least a different version of it. They never got as far as 'Why?' or, 'How?' and certainly not as far as, 'What happens next?' which was good because he couldn't have told them. Slowly William's scrum started to move. Whether William made it move or the reporters dragged him along nobody seemed to know but eventually he made it as far as the front of the conference room. Anna was sitting just the other side of the table and she raised her eyebrows. William had seen that once before: Clad only in his shirt,breakfast in bed had arrived shortly afterwards. Shortly William was aware of a presence. The man wasn't large but he wasn't the sort of man you argued with if he said: 'Can't let you through Sir'. Reaching the doors the man asked William a question: ''Do you live in Notting Hill Sir?' ' The ante-room was smaller and darker than The Lancaster and William noticed that it was more intimate. In front of him stood a person who'd just started a year's holiday. Karen heard the person start to say something: ''I'm just a girl…'' Karen never heard the rest of the sentence. Bella told her later what it would have been. William and Anna embraced very passionately,their lips buried in each other's. Jeremy noticed how Anna raised one foot behind her as they kissed. He stood next to Karen and wanted to take her in his arms too but knew that the time wasn't right yet. Instead he sought out her hand and squeezed it. They held hands for longer than they both knew they should surrounded by their staff. Not that any of them cared,they'd all known for years that Jeremy and Karen were in love. When would they stop being so hung up about it?. In silence,as statues,every person stared at William and Anna. As soon as they released each other everyone went back to work without a murmur Karen felt a bit like Poor Third yesterday morning: ''Sorry Anna,what do you wanna do?'' Anna looked back at her,she was still in a daze. ''Do you wanna go back to The Trafalgar,do you wanna get away somewhere else.'' Anna would just then have loved to just get away,William read her thoughts. ''Well now look,Honey and Bella and the whole gang's here and Max did a great job just getting me here and I don't think it's fair to just cut and run.'' Anna put two and two together. ''Do you think they'd like to stay to tea?'' Tea at the Savoy was a new experience for Spike but then the last day or two had been like that see. Honey had yelled,'You're my hero' as the Peugeot disappeared 'round Trafalgar Square and thereafter he'd run all the way up The Strand. He'd arrived just in time to catch the aftermath of William's attempt to put the toothpaste back in the tube. Honey had said that it was good but he was still a bit annoyed with him for not having the balls to stick with Anna in the first place. Spike was a bit worried too because he knew that he had accidentally put the papers onto her last year. Maybe William couldn't be blamed too much. After all if he'd kept his trap shut the two of them wouldn't have needed to sort themselves out like this. Above all he'd realised the benefit of having someone sincere to talk stuff through with. He'd find a moment to seek Honey's advice. After William had run through the doors in the direction of the conference,Bella and Honey had stayed in the foyer and Honey wondered how her brother was going to swing it. It's a press conference. You can't just march in and walk off with the star turn. On the other hand she'd seen William do some amazing things a couple of times before. The thing with him was that it took a fair bit to get him moving but when you did other people seemed to just get brushed aside. Either way Honey wanted to see what was gonna happen and just then Bernie and Max arrived. After dropping off Bella and Honey outside the Savoy,Max found the last space to park the Peugeot on Southampton Street. Between them,he and Bernie could only scrape together enough loose change for forty minutes. Max had no idea what was going to happen inside The Savoy or how long it would take and he reckoned that anyway he would probably miss most of whatever was going to,or had already happened because he would have to rescue the car. Bernie had been to The Savoy quite a few times before but this time it was different of course. It'll be your own money now he thought. Can't think what's going to happen. By this time they'd made it to the foyer and there was Bella and Honey. ''Where's William?'' ''He's already gone in Max,Bella and I thought we'd better wait for you two but I've no idea where we go.'' 'I do,I've been here loads of times'' Bernie led them through the doors and past the piano. Bella was relieved that she hadn't had to unleash her best courtroom manner in the direction of the concierge again. As it was Honey had to help her find a different way into The Lancaster Room because of the stairs. They pushed their way through the fire door and they were in. Spike wished that he'd not spent so much time sitting on William's sofa. Looking for musicians wanted in Loot or New Ads took up a fair bit of his time and when called upon to put on a bit of athleticism he'd found it a bit hard going. By the time he'd reached the foyer he must've looked a sight and worse still they weren't there. Maybe that chap there could 'elp. ''Don't tell me Sir,you write for their in-house magazine.'' ''No,actually I'm a musician actually.'' ''Well I suppose you'll want to go through the doors to your left Sir.'' ''Oh,right,much obliged to you anyway,right.'' Spike didn't know,the fella must be having a bad day. Bernie noticed her as soon as they got into The Lancaster Room. The fire door made a fair racket and a few people in the crowd turned round to see who it was that didn't know how to use a door properly. She was one of them. It was one of those times when you caught someone's eye and they caught yours and normally you can't wait to break it off but this time it didn't happen like that. She was French he reckoned,well out of his league but he wished she wasn't. She might be interested in a stockbroker but for sure not an unemployed one. The rest of them bundled in behind him and with an eye on the front table,Bernie found himself standing next to her. Ah yes,there's Anna sitting in the middle and the one on the end must be her agent. Honey remembered that the name she'd given William was a woman's,anyway where is William? A bit like Karen,William's friends knew more than the papers but although they knew by now what he was trying to do,they could only really guess at the significance of each part of the conversation that he and Anna were having in front of everyone. It was like it was in code. Later on they found that each one of them remembered a part of it,Max focussed on,'You were saying',whilst Bella had,'I believe I would'. Honey felt herself jump at,'Daft Prick' because she knew who'd come out with it less than an hour before. She was so proud of him: Spike was the one that had had the guts to say what he thought whilst the rest of them had just been too nice about it. Where is he? He's missing it. Spike got there just in time for ''Indefinitely'' Honey was sniffling by now because of her brother and because of Spike and she lept up and kissed him. He didn't quite know why but if that what happens at The Savoy,Spike was all for it. Bernie didn't really know what came over him either but she was French and gorgeous and although he shook her hand first he kissed her straight afterwards. She certainly didn't seem to mind. Max loved Bella for being there with him in spite of what they'd been through but he still couldn't get the car out of his mind and just as he was thinking about it for the hundredth time he realised that he knew the woman in the tan jacket that was approaching them through the crowd. ''Now I know how it was that I met you before, You're Mr Thacker's friends aren't you?'' ''Oh my God! You're you aren't you. William seems to have disappeared though.'' ''Anna suggested that you might like to stay to tea. She said I should ask the hotel if they've got brownies.'' ''Ooh Max,tea at The Savoy,do you think they might need a hand with the cooking?'' ''I think rather that it's us that might need a hand. At this rate we'll be walking home. Bernie and I only had change for forty minutes Besides the only lawyer I know doesn't do motoring.'' Karen made a beeline for Tony. ''I think we've got a problem with a car,this is Max,could you sort it out?'' ''No problem,what do I need to do Sir?'' Be the time Tony and Max got back from Southampton Street everything had calmed down a lot. They'd arrived at the car at about the same time as the enforcement officer and he was already scribing RRW780W on his form. ''STOP.''Shouted Tony. The officer promptly dropped his pen. ''If you could only guess who uses this car to stay out of the limelight you'd never want to finish that form….'' Max had never heard a minor civil servant apologise so much in such a short space of time but all the same he was glad to have the Peugeot safely parked in The Savoy's car park. Sitting in Anna's apartment,among the serviettes and cucumber sandwiches the chief topic of conversation was what next? Spike couldn't really get involved, '' I'm on tonight at The Wellington,so that lets me out of anything.'' ''Oh yes I was wondering how you were going to scrape together enough for this month's rent.'' ''Hold on a second,what does 'on' mean exactly.'' ''Well Anna,you see Spike has finally found himself something called The Acid Casuals and within this outfit is now poised to take on The World.'' ''But he's starting in Notting Hill first.'' ''Well Max that sounds pretty cool,I havn't been to a London pub before,it's a bit hard when you're likely to drag half the world's press there with you.A little gig like this,they mightn't notice if we're all there… ''Oh we're only one of three,the headliners are Small Wonder you know. It's a Mod gig see. Only the prettiest woman and the most,well-dressed man gets in see'' Everybody howled. What's Spike on about,he's the scruffiest dresser of them all. Anyway they'd made up their minds. Karen liked the Idea. dressing up nice,dancing with Jeremy,a proper night out with him. On the other hand she'd already made the phone call to cancel Anna's flight so she was a bit worried. Given the afternoon's events,Dominic and his little friends would be on the prowl and wouldn't miss a chance to corner Anna somewhere like a pub. She looked across at Tony,I bet he's delighted. Just protect Anna Scott and the rest of us one night in a pub where they stage a riot every year. Tony though had a feeling that everything would be alright. The Duke of Wellington didn't have live music that much but they'd been encouraged by the success of what they'd booked before and 'This Mod lot',as the publican referred to Small Wonder,came with the recommendation of that chap from Time Out and he must know. Apparently, as the publican was informed,because Notting Hill was an up and coming district of West London,Mods would be attracted to an upper crust and cosmopolitan atmosphere and if The Wellington smartened itself up a bit with hanging baskets and tablecloths Etc, there might be a good crowd. There certainly was on optimistic atmosphere in Notting Hill. The corner shop had at long last been let and Tony Crowe had opened up what looked to be a very well regarded restaurant. It seemed to have had a few teething troubles but apparently was fully booked tonight.A few diners were going to see Small Wonder straight afterwards. Apparently they knew one of the singers. The Portobello area had small streets without space for ton-up boys on motorbikes but Italian designed scooters would fit in well. Under the banner: THREE BANDS TONIGHT ! The Publican booked The Ovals,who would be 'Opening Up',The Acid Casuals,who weren't that Mod but did feature Spike on harp and Small Wonder from East London to headline. Someone suggested that one or two of the local celebrities might turn up and swell the size of the guest list. Over dinner Max asked William how things were and William had summed up his feelings: ''When you love the girl it's all worth it.'' And everybody thought that that answered Max's question. After Anna signed a couple more autographs they made their way to The Wellington. The Ovals had started and after a few of the crowd moved 'round to allow Bella a bit of space,Honey and Anna managed to worm their way to the front,the boys on their heels. Bernie's guest arrived at that point and so did Karen and Jeremy. Bernie's girlfriend made a point of telling Karen that she wasn't at work. Karen smiled,laughed and said she wasn't at work either. She didn't realise the significance of the statement. It was loud and sweaty and the crowd was overflowing onto Portobello Road.A huge cheer went up when The Ovals finished on their hit,'Opening Up'. ' If you think that somethings good then do it fast. ' If you think somethings wrong,put it down in a tune.' Anna was swept along by the euphoria of the optimistic atmosphere and the events of the day. Just now she'd expected to be on her way home alone to Georgia and she knew she was just in a daze really. Behind her,big and strong,William wrapped his arms around her tightly. She knew that his home was only 'round the corner and that she'd be sleeping wrapped up in his arms all night. At long last. Karen sometimes felt a little jealous of Anna,it wasn't the wealth or the looks so much but she did seem to get all the attention. Especially when she switched on that megawatt smile. But here,large glass of Cabernet Shiraz in hand she'd noticed that Anna seemed to have just melted away into the crowd. The fact that so many good looking,well dressed women filled the audience must have had something to with it and Karen had noticed that she was definitely not going without a fair bit of male attention either. Jeremy found fortunately that he still had a bit of his London swagger about him and with a bit of help from Jack Regan made sure that everybody saw that the woman with the nice hair was his. Bernie's girlfriend was very popular with everyone. The men wanted a French girlfriend like her and the women wanted to look as cool as her. Bernie wondered about himself. No girlfriend since puberty and now her. The Acid Casuals started their set without Spike and he came on twice to sing and blow the harp. First on 'Got Love If You Want It' and secondly on 'Smokestack Lightning'. Only Honey had heard him play before and they were all amazed at the transformation. Spike grabbed the crowd,rolled them up and carried them away with him. Anna especially liked the way he held the microphone and harp together. Meanwhile,far way in another part of town telephones were buzzing. ''She's what you say,she's at a pub?'' ''Yes Dom,she's at this gig. At The Duke of Wellington. Mods it is.'' ''OK OK, get down there. Who's she with.'' ''Thacker and Mr Cargill is on stage there.'' ''Security?'' No Guv',listen I don't mind going there but not on my own.'' ''No,No I'll turn out the guard for this,hold the front page.'' Small Wonder started about Ten P.M and tore through their back catalogue. John Wraggen flashing his Rickenbacker like a crucifix. ' The grain-mountains sow and the wine lakes get deeper, Still trillions are starving throughout the world.' At the bar two men stood pints in hand. The chap from Time Out was one of them and he'd been delighted that the publican had gone for the idea so much. Alison had tagged along and after a few moments he'd pointed out Anna Scott. ''There you are dear. She might remember me,if we get a minute or two I'll introduce you. That's her new fella,they do look a good looking couple don't they. And after what they went through here last year.'' Tarquin remembered how Alison had gone all silly about Anna Scott before and couldn't work out at all why she didn't seem to want to talk about her now. Alison wanted a big hole to open and swallow her up. It's always like that when you know you've done something wrong. Tarquin's guest at the bar was tall and fair. ''I've gotta hand it to you Tarqi,getting our movement into Notting Hill is a master stoke. Small Wonder sure have a sound.'' ''They certainly do Paul,it's a sound I've heard somewhere before though.'' ''OK,OK. You got me,sound of The Preserves,nothing wrong with it,wouldn't be the same without the Rickenbacker though would it?'' Tarquin was delighted,it had taken him too many years to get Wheeler to open up so candidly about the root of his earliest success. ''Hey! There you are Tarqi,there's that quote for you. Put that in yer rag.'' Paul Wheeler knew what Tarquin only suspected. Small Wonder's set list had a couple of gaps towards the end and Wheeler intended to join them at the end to tear through 'Moonflower' and end with 'A Bomb On Frith Street'. On the fourth floor at Wapping (East London),Dominic was on the 'phone. ''What d'yer mean you can't get there,where are yer?'' ''Notting Hill Gate (Central,Circle,District)'' ''Just go down the hill.'' ''We've tried that Guv'. We've tried cars, bikes. We've tried coming down from Westbourne Park (Hammersmith and City) even, as soon as you get near people come up to you: 'You look like The Papers, go away. We know what you want'. If we try to push past it gets ugly. There's a lot of women. Mums, a lot of Mums I'd say. It turned into a slanging match and some of our lads got pushed around.'' ''Don't be daft,it's a free country.'' ''That's what Charlie said. He tried to get there 'round the back streets to get her picture. They spotted him,he's had all his lenses smashed.'' ''Well so what are the police doing?'' ''I heard that they will only intervene if there's a breach of the peace.'' ''Like a smashed camera.'' ''Apparently some coppers were there,they said they saw Charlie drop it.'' Tony had given his boys the night off. He'd known it was a gamble but although he couldn't quite believe that the locals really would turn out to see that his Client enjoyed an uninterrupted night out in Notting Hill he knew that their strength of feeling was immense. Never mind the power of The Press,this is the power of The People. He turned and walked back to The Wellington and the arms of his partner. Anna remembered the last time,late at night and slightly tipsy when she and William had wandered around the streets of Notting Hill. No,she couldn't go to his house. To complicated. She could now. She waited whilst he unlocked the door. The last time she'd stood on that doorstep she'd had some unwelcome company and the last time she'd seen that door she'd had tears in her eyes. She had again but this time they were of joy. Some couples like to talk in the car. Some talk over dinner and some don't talk at all. William had found that was the way with his wife. With Anna,so far at any rate,in the morning in,bed was the place. ''So what are we gonna do then?'' ''Well I understand that you can't just move in with me here.'' ''Looks to me like I'm here right now.'' ''Which I suppose is gonna be disturbed,any minute with a ring of the bell. The Papers wanting a picture of us in our God-damned underwear.'' William half peered in the direction of the window,knowing that at the back of the house the bedroom was removed from anything happening on Westbourne Park Road. ''Well we didn't have much trouble last night,I don't usually bother to look at the papers but it'll be interesting to see what they make of your performance yesterday afternoon..'' They both chuckled ''Karen'll have her work cut out getting them to say the right stuff. Like nothing about Black Fin.'' ''Well that's the thing isn't it. You've decided to have a break so you've…we've got time to get ourselves sorted out without trying to rush anything.'' '' Ok then we'll talk about it again but it's not just me you see,Karen's a very good friend and she works very hard at The Agency but she does so much more for me and it's not fair to leave her like this.'' ''Sorry what do you mean?'' ''Well she's done a lot more for me than just publicity and well,you're going to find that your life is going to change and so we'll both need someone to help us with the media and so on. The other thing is that she's very fond of the guy she works for.'' ''Ah,yes ,um that'll be that chap,I didn't catch his name.'' '' Jeremy. But you see she's very professional and I know she's a bit uncomfortable about having an affair with her boss.'' ''Oh his married.'' ''No no,sorry.'' ''So it's more than just an affair,this is serious.I saw they were together the whole time.I think we might know something about this,don't you?'' '' That's it….so if I can help her then that'd be great. Plus she's not had a holiday in,well,forever I think and when she's had a holiday from work I've needed a shoulder to cry on and she's come running so I owe her a huge amount.'' ''Fine so what do you want to do?'' ''I thought she might be our PA.'' ''Our PA!'' Do I need a PA?'' ''Sooner or or later you won't be able to just say to some reporter, 'No comment'. I bet that there'll be something in the papers that you won't like or that they've got wrong that you'll want to correct. Something about the shop or your friends or whatever.'' ''I'd just write to The Editor.'' ''She 'll know The Editor. She'll ring him up. Probably at home and she can tell him to correct it because she's done him a favour before or something. That's the PR thing. If she works for us I don't feel so guilty when she does this or that else for me…us even …and not get anything more than thanks.'' ''Ohh.'' William realised just how lucky he'd been to have Max and Bella and Spike and his sister and Bernie and Tony to help him. Anna had had Karen and she'd been doing it as a side line and then again part of it was a job and it's nice and complicated. And that very nice woman hadn't had much of a life because she'd been trying to help Anna when it should have been him doing it. ''Ok that's fine. How do we do this?'' ''Well I don't know at the moment the first thing is that you've gotta have a shave 'cos you're all sandpapery and then we're going to do something else.'' William saw Anna raise her eyebrows again. Perfect girl. He headed for the bathroom. Anna watched him walk by.'Bony excuse for an arse'. Karen had had a lovely evening the night before and being with Jeremy had been great. Everybody seemed to have someone but they didn't have the hang up that she had about him. Did it really matter? She wanted to invite him in to her flat for coffee. She wanted to drag him into her bed. No strike that,the couch would have done or just the mat inside the door. That's what she wanted to do but she just couldn't and she knew that that he was far too much a gentleman to force himself on her and she wouldn't have wanted him to either. Stupid job. As it was he went all the way to Edgeware (Northern) with her on the tube,walked her to her flat and she kissed him nicely on the cheek and said good night on the doorstep. She knew he had to drive all the way out to Tring after that. She hoped he understood. In the small hours she looked at her phone:Thirteen missed calls . All from Dominic and his lot. Well after yesterday afternoon that's not too surprising,She thought Anna and especially William would be front page but it was the thirteenth call that worried her most. The Owner would be in the office tomorrow and wanted to see her at 9.00 AM sharp. At Edgeware (Northern) the papers were full of it. The last time had been the photos but it was entirely different now. In the carriage she heard two young women discussing it. ''Ah,bless him,I wish I'd had a man like that.'' A woman was reading the coverage on the centre pages and Karen watched her wipe away a tear. Even the men we're intrigued: ''Jesus,what a bloke. Right in front of everyone. He didn't give a shit what people thought.'' Across town the distributors were having a hard time of it. Especially West London,especially Notting Hill, they wanted tabloids. ''But you wouldn't take 'em for the last six months.'' ''Well now we do.'' At Oxford Circus (Central,Bakerloo,Victoria) the staff had it under control. Karen asked about The Owner's visit. Nobody knew,Jeremy didn't even know he was coming. Neither of them thought that it was to do with Anna Scott. It had to be the athletes. Karen hadn't been sacked before, She didn't think that she would be sacked from The Agency or anywhere else but The Owner had been very cut and dried about it. He gave her his letter. The athletes hadn't been as successful as had been hoped so she wasn't needed. ''What about the Primary Account?'' ''I understand she won't be making any more films for a year.I'll give her to Jeremy then.'' Jeremy was amazed. ''He doesn't know what he's doing. When someone takes a break,that's when PR is needed most because you've gotta keep the interest up. Besides look at the papers,its captured the public's imagination. When was the letter written?When's it dated?'' It was undated but it bore a reference number and so did another letter from him. They worked it out. Sometime last week. ''I'll see him.'' But it was no use. The Owner told Jeremy he couldn't discuss an ex-employee with him. ''I think you'd better ring her.I've a feeling The Diva might be needed.I reckon Mr Thacker will be furious too.'' William Thacker didn't really do angry. Disappointed,perturbed,even annoyed sometimes but mostly he took it on the chin. He was very good at keeping his feelings under control. Spike had told the papers Anna was in his house. There was no point in yelling at him or telling him to get out or something because it was a mistake or the natural thing to do and anyway it had happened. Besides he needed the money Spike gave him. Occasionally . ''Give me a hand to get rid of these old videos will you?'' Spike looked at the titles,Hunt For Red October,Gramercy Park,Helix:which William bought just the other day. He's doing life laundry,trying to wash her out of his life. ''These are good-uns these. You wanna keep these.'' ''Ok so let's talk about rent,'' ''Let me help you. We don't want them cluttering up the place.'' This was different. This time a very nice lady who had done everything for the love of his life without a thought for herself had been sacked by some idiot who couldn't see beyond the end of his nose. He owned a bookshop. Martin and two other people worked for him. They weren't perfect. They made mistakes,the sales push last year lost money. He didn't sack them. This chap owns a PR agency. He had hundreds of staff. It was just the same. Anna demanded to see him. Now. Tony was was summoned. William was still putting on his tie as they drove away in the Jaguar. An hour later the Owner,Anna and William were in an office borrowed from BA at Heathrow. The Owner's flight was boarding now. ''I am very disappointed to learn that you have chosen to dismiss my Publicity Co-ordinator. She has provided me with excellent service.'' Anna waved Karen's copy of the letter. She'd been given it that morning,her in William's shirt,he in his boxer's. Karen crying in the kitchen as Anna had last year. Their eyes fell upon a painting on the wall. Spike had taken down the print and put in a larger screw.A piece of Tony's string supported La Mariée. The Owner hadn't met Miss Scott before, he didn't much time for celebrities really although his wife thought highly of her: ''Ohh, Anna Scott. I could be her best friend and go shopping with her and…..'' Actually she wasn't his wife and she took a fair bit of holding onto. As a successful entrepreneur of course his personal fortune could easily accommodate her excesses. ''Yes well of course my personal standing is of course able to attract, to My Agency,individuals of the highest calibre who will be able to offer you the premier service that you so richly deserve Miss Scott. ''Jeremy is good but you are to withdraw this letter forthwith.'' Anna hadn't been very pleased with the behaviour of The Diva for much of the last year. First the bitch had chickened out with Sir Richard Attleburgh,then she had barked at her two best friends within an hour of each other which had led to losing William for months,nearly forever. ''No! You may stay calm!'' It would have been forever if it hadn't been for William's guts yesterday. Now when The Diva was really needed she seemed to be losing her bark. The Diva had only let her down once before. She was just a puppy then. That had had a long term consequence too,she'd barely said hello to The Captain or his wife in ten years. Anna wanted to tell The Owner she'd find another agency. ''No you can't do that,without you he's really got no need for Karen.'' ''You don't have to,I'll get something else easily enough besides they are…were the best in the industry so you should stay with Jeremy.I mean I'll be Ok.'' ''They'll know you've been sacked over performance. You can't just say you were helping me personally,employers want you to maintain a distance,I've forced you to break that rule. If you hadn't had to sort me out every five minutes,you could have concentrated on your athletes and you'd still have a job. That damn painting,I had you bidding for that instead of bidding for athletes. It's all my fault.'' ''And I should have been helping Anna,my pride I'm afraid, Honey got me your Agent's number.I could have written.'' Anna had to say something to The Owner. ''I should have been consulted.'' The Owner hadn't really listened to his Client,it was his Agency,he could assign his staff as he wanted but he had noticed something else. William thought that he ought to try. ''I'm awfully sorry but…And I do see it from you're ,er,um, point of view,er…well I mean but you know,well, I would take it ,you see,as a personal favour if you could see your way to,um,reinstate this lady because I know that my fiancé….'' It hit Anna like a brick. Fiancé.He did just say 'Fiancé' didn't he? He hadn't asked her to marry him. She figured that he would. She'd been worried that he might have done it yesterday at the press conference. She'd have been delighted,she'd have said yes of course but it wouldn't have been so pleasant.A bit too public even for her. Then again he'd just said fiancé.Had she missed something. Spike had referred to them on stage last night: ''This one's a Yardbird's track,'Got Love If You Want It'.This is for William and Anna.'' She'd had one too many Shiraz's ,did William get down on one knee at some point. She thought sure she have remembered. In any event she didn't think much of William,sweet of him but The Owner knows his mind and he's not gonna change it for a personal favour. ''Of course,I'd be happy to reinstate Karen,consider it done.'' Anna couldn't believe it. She wasn't going to miss her chance: ''So you will call her now and get her back to work and no quibbling.'' ''Yes of course Miss Scott,I should really have consulted you. You see I have been persuing new business but with me the existing commitments remain my primary concern. In business you must never break a promise already made or promise something that you may not be able to deliver. I work closely with all my staff on a personal level and insist that they maintain the highest standards of professionalism.'' ''That's…er really very good of you. Miss Scott and I are very grateful.'' Ahh,back to just Miss Scott. Anna wondered what happened to,'My Fiancé'. William hadn't intended to blurt out,'My Fiancé'.He'd thought of her as 'My Fiancé' for the best part of a year now. Probably the first time was when he'd seen her coming downstairs at home in the short top. She'd washed the orange juice off herself in his bathroom. He thought about it every time he shaved. He was going to ask her of course. Running through The Savoy yesterday afternoon he'd wondered if he might do it in front of The Papers. Not what he wanted to do,he knew he'd have to ask her father first. Something odd there. She didn't mention her parents very often. She'd mention 'The Captain' occasionally though. William reckoned that Anna would want to drop the bomb shell now. ''Actually you won't need to. You see Karen has already got a new job.'' ''Ahh, well that's fine. Of course there was never any reason why I would not have offered her my full support through my extensive network of personal contacts in securing the best position possible.I would,in any case have ensured that my personal recommendation would have been made available to her at any point. With me once a close personal colleague, always so. I'm delighted that she has been able to secure a suitable position immediately. My Agency will ensure that your publicity is handled by only my most experienced of Co-ordinators. You mentioned Jeremy.'' ''Yes,he's started a month's holiday so you'll have to do it yourself.'' The Owner was alarmed. He saw Jeremy earlier,he was at work. ''Karen asked me to give you this. It's the telephone number of one of her contacts. She said you'd have a lot of common ground. A Gentleman called Dominic…..'' Anna paused to listen to a flight announcement: ''…..Final boarding of your flight. You'll need to get back to Oxford Circus (Central,Bakerloo,Victoria), William and I are on the front page of every newspaper in the country,if not the world. You're going to have your work cut out. We have to go now,we're seeing some friends off.'' The Owner watched them leave the room. He ran his finger 'round the inside of his collar. Ah well,I'll have to take over the reigns.I can't go abroad now,she won't like being stood up at all. He straightened his tie. It was the same design as Mr Thacker's. Dominic hadn't worked so late at Wapping (East London) for a long time. Getting home at Five wasn't a problem and his wife wasn't surprised. He was able to hand her his proofing copy. She looked at it as she was cooking her husband his favourite cooked breakfast. The smell of bacon and eggs reminded Dominic how hungry he was. Their Labrador liked the smell too,his eyes never left the frying pan. ''it's lovely dear,very sensitively written. A couple confirming their love like this in front of everybody.I'd have been in tears if I'd been there.'' ''Yeah,well a lot of prople were,it took us a while to cotton on to what was happening but we're planning our campaign now.'' ''What do you mean?'' ''Well he lives here and he must have had a life,maybe old girlfriends and then there's his family. Maybe he's got kids somewhere. So we can put out all the rumours and use them to get at her. He runs a bookshop so his customers'll tell a story or two,allegedly and maybe she'll settle here with him so we can get lots more on her.A chap told me the other day that it's possible to bug a mobile phone.'' Dominic's wife lifted the frying pan fron the hob and Dominic picked up his knife and fork. She lowered the frying pan to the dog's bowl and let the breakfast slip out of the pan. The Labrador didn't miss a scrap. She turned off the gas and pointed her finger at her husband. ''You'll go hungry this morning,why can't you leave them alone?'' ''Well you know how it is,the public want to know.'' ''The people of Notting Hill? You told me you can't sell a copy.'' ''Well they're buying there today.'' ''That's hardly surprising. If they learn you're trying to snoop on her…and him,that'll stop.'' ''It's not just us,the other papers'll do the same.'' ''You'd better hope not,if any of them do you'll go hungry for a long time.I've got some 'phone calls to make.'' Dominic listened as his wife parked herself firmly at the foot of the stairs and racked up his telephone bill all morning. First it was Gillian,then Claire,then Sophie, then Amanda. The wives of his colleagues. Some in the group some not. There was a lot of,'Yes dear'and 'Is that what he said?That's what Claire's husband said'.And of course a lot of.' Oooh,I know'. Eventually she found him in bed. ''There,now your little friends won't be bothering that couple either. Now move over and let me remind you what you'll be missing if you don't behave yourself at work.'' Dominic's wife had found in their twenty-five years together that she couldn't stay angry with him for very long and she hoped that she wouldn't have to try. The Learjet's engines were idling on the tarmac and take off was imminent. One couple were seeing off another. ''You can stay as long as you like really,you'll have the hidey-hole all to yourselves. We told that idiot that Jeremy's away for a month.'' ''I feel awful about it really,I didn't book anything and I was berating one of the juniors about holiday procedure just the other day. The juniors'll eat him alive,they're used to us being one step ahead of them. They'll be three steps ahead of him and a lot of them really liked Karen. They all know he sacked her.I left a copy of the letter in the kitchen by mistake on purpose. He ought to ring me if he needs help.'' ''He can't. There's no mobile signal and the landline only works when it wants to. If there's any trouble I'll get Tony to give him some friendly advice.'' ''This is lovely of you Anna,I haven't even got my passport.I'm used to queueing at Heathrow (Piccadilly) for three hours.'' Karen tore herself away from Jeremy's clutches for just long enough to hug her. ''When you get back we'll talk about your duties as our PA. Basically it means doing what you've been doing. The only difference is you'll be paid for it now.'' William and Jeremy shook hands. ''Have a nice time Jeremy.I'd looked forward to going away with Anna sometime but it looks like you beat me to it.'' They all looked at him and he smiled. ''I mean,er with Karen.'' They all laughed. Jeremy thought back to his telephone conversation with William a couple of hours before. He was at his desk wondering how he'd manage without her professionally and personally. Not being her boss should have allowed their loving free reign but Karen would join another Agency and rivalry was fierce. She might go back to The States. He might never see her again. William was in the Jaguar and had come to the point straight away: ''You're in love with Karen aren't you and you know she loves you.'' ''Yes.'' Was all that Jeremy could muster. ''Right, how would you like to go on holiday with her? We're about to grill The Owner and whatever happens Anna wants to repay you and her for all the personal help. Her hidey-hole is at your disposal for,well we thought a month and so is her aeroplane at Northolt (Central)this afternoon. If I were you in your shoes and I am in a manner of speaking,I'd get yourself some swimming trunks and an engagement ring.'' In the last hour Jeremy had moved fast as he pointed out: ''I must admit this is all a bit sudden but it goes a long way to make up for all the times Karen and I have had to call it a night on the doorstep.'' ''If I hadn't relied on Karen to prop me up so much she'd have had more time to look after herself,you in this case.'' Jeremy had never kissed Karen,in public with people really watching. There'd been the odd kiss on the cheek and at the Christmas party they'd allowed themselves one peck on the lips. They'd kissed in private a few times but neither of them wanted it to go too far. Now though the circumstances called for decisive action. Standing at the foot of the steps he took Karen in his arms and they enjoyed the most passionate kiss they could muster. A few minutes later the Learjet rotated and headed for sunnier climes. Anna and William watched it disappear. '' They were all over each other at the end,weren't they?I reckon they'll like the hidey-hole.'' Anna saved her best line till last. ''They won't have to wait that long. The Learjet has a bedroom. Mile high club any one?'' ","Summary":" 'Assess the implications of your Departments' Ethnically Diverse Disability Access policies' object"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"In The Sunshine","Author":"Kameka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1717684","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: In The Sunshine By: Kameka Rating: hard PG-13 / soft R just to be safe - Nothingrnparticularly graphic, but there is nudity. Disclaimers: not mine, no money made, don't sue. Notes: My second Notting Hill fic, just another shortrnone.xa0 This hasn't been beta'd/edited, sornany mistakes are mine and I apologize for them.xa0 I did, however, read through it a few times, so hopefully therernaren't many (if any.) Summary: (Movie Fandom: Notting Hill) - It's the morningrnafter the night before: William's thoughts upon waking up with Anna after theyrnspent the night together. *xa0 *xa0 *xa0rn*xa0 *xa0 *xa0 *xa0 *xa0 * Light filtered into the bedroom and tickled at WilliamrnThacker's senses, making him peripherally aware that he had not closed therncurtains the night before. It was brighter than it should have been, asrnhe was used to waking up earlier in the morning for some private 'alone time'rnthat had been in short supply since his exuberant Welsh flat mate had movedrnin. He groggily levered himself from the bed and made his way the shortrndistance to the bathroom, nimbly avoiding the minefields that two bachelorsrnliving in close quarters had inadvertently set up in the hallways. Hisrnuse of the facilities finished, he made his way back to the haven that was hisrnbedroom and fell onto the bed with a groan as he groped for the white duvet,rnhoping to pull it over his head and block out the rest of the world for a fewrnmore precious moments. The movement was halted when he froze at the quietrnmurmur uttered in a feminine voice husky with sleep and a warm body pressedrnitself against his own. \"Hmm, welcome back,\" said the voice of the unidentified woman as shernsnuggled closer to the warmth of his body. He looked down at the auburn hair that was tumbled acrossrnhis chest and gently twined a single finger in it before running the pad ofrnthat finger through the soft barely-there waviness.xa0 Laying back and cushioning his head on the white-cased pillow, hernblinked and shook his head slightly, stopping when the woman gave a murmur ofrnprotest as her flesh-and-blood pillow moved.xa0rnAll at once, memories from the previous day came back to him,rneffectively dislodging the wispy remnants of his pleasant dreams.xa0 Anna Scott.xa0rnHe was in bed with Anna Scott, a famous film star. The woman lying against him shifted again and Williamrnautomatically moved his arms to cradle her against him, smiling slightly whenrnshe sighed in pleasure and slipped deeper into sleep.xa0 No, he corrected himself.xa0rnShe wasn't Anna Scott, famous film star.xa0 When she was here and always to him, she was simply Anna, arnbeautiful woman.xa0 That was just asrnpetrifying, he realized, looking back on his track record with women in generalrnand beautiful women in particular. The night before last he had still been depressed over howrnthings went the first time he and Anna had met when her boyfriend had showed uprnin London unexpectedly.xa0 His doldrumsrnover that state of affairs had led his close circle of friends to go out ofrntheir way to help him find the perfect woman for him, a quest that had beenrncultivated by a series of blind dates, most of which had thankfully happened inrngroup settings.xa0 After quite a few missesrnthat landed nowhere near the bulls-eye, his best friend Bella, ironically onernof the only three women in the world he had loved, had found her.xa0 The perfect woman was named Rosie; anrnarticulate, witty, considerate, and openhearted young package wrapped inrnflawless skin, shining hair, and a gentle smile that was readily available. Rosie was absolutely perfect; just the type of woman that hernhad dreamt of finding after Bella and Max had fallen in love, had thought he'drnfound in the woman he had married before being disillusioned with life once more.xa0 She was the type of woman that he had alwaysrnenvisioned as his wife, his life-mate, and his partner.xa0 She was someone who would fit in well withrnhis friends and family, who would fit well in his life. And when William looked across the candle-lit table at her,rnwalked her to the door and said goodnight, even when he received a gentle kissrnon his cheek with a somewhat shy invitation to meet again… He felt absolutelyrnnothing. Instead of rejoicing that his friends' quest was over, thatrnthey had found the woman for him, he had been depressed at the reminder thatrnyou couldn't choose who you love.xa0 He'drnpointed that out to Bella and Max, knowing that they would empathize andrnsympathize with him, and they had.xa0 Theyrnhad offered the use of their sofa so he wouldn't have to go home alone to hisrnwaiting flat mate. They had been solicitous the next morning, making sure thatrnthey included him in their morning rituals even as they rushed off tornwork.xa0 He had walked home, no lessrndepressed after seeing their casual shows of affection, and been hit with yetrnanother of Cupid's arrows, the cherub of Greek mythology apparently notrnthinking that once was enough. Anna Scott walked back into his life, her untouchable beautyrnmarred by tearstains, her hair a mess, her clothing just simple pieces that shernhad obviously thrown on for comfort.xa0rnInstead of the film star, the woman behind the facade that sought onlyrnto protect her from the unthinking and sometimes intentionally cruel public greetedrnhim.xa0 As she entered, all of the realizationsrnhe had decided upon during the time between their meetings disappeared and allrnthoughts of Rosie had fled his mind. The entire day with Anna was a time warp, a dream in whichrnthey were cushioned by the outside world in spite of the circumstances that hadrnthrust them together.xa0 They had talked,rnonce they had gotten past the initial awkwardness that lay between them from lastrntime.xa0 Not about anything in particular,rnbut whatever one of the other happened to be thinking of.xa0 William had learnt that she shared his lovernfor old books and poetry, something he had always thought being publicity hypernif he considered it at all. xa0Anna hadrnbeen bluntly, painfully honest with him, perhaps in an attempt to make up forrnnot telling him about Jeff earlier in the year.xa0 It was obvious that such honesty was hard for her, Anna beingrnused to shielding her thoughts from people when they asked, hiding behind therncool mask she used to separate her true self from her work.xa0 That hadn't stopped her, however, a factrnthat William was not only thankful for but admired. Neither of them had ventured outside; Anna because shernhadn't wanted her hiding place revealed and William simply because he didn'trnwish to lose a moment of her company.xa0 Arncomplete day spent together, talking and laughing as old friends do, the almostrninstant bond that had been created between the two of them months ago fullyrnintact and ready to be explored if both people were willing. \"Morning,\" the same husky voice that had spoken earlierrnsaid, the owner of it having woke up again before stretching, arching her backrnand pressing against William's body even more. \"Good morning,\" he replied with a gentle smile as the headrnresting on his chest lifted to reveal warm brown eyes clouded with thernremaining vestiges of sleep.xa0 He waitedrnwhile she shifted around until she was once more comfortable before gentlyrntouching his finger to the side of her face, drawing it down the soft skin ofrnher cheek and neck before ending at her collarbone.xa0 \"Am I dreaming this?\" he asked semi-seriously, half-sure that hernhad dreamt the whole second encounter with Anna, from her showing up at hisrndoor yesterday to waking up next to her this morning. The warmth in the brown eyes dimmed a bit before Anna smiledrnand shifted again, moving in his arms until she was facing him directly insteadrnof looking up at him.xa0 \"I think,\" shernpaused, considering her words before plunging on, \"that if you are… we bothrnare.\" He smiled, the corners of skin around his blue-gray eyesrncrinkling, and touched her face again.xa0rnHe recognized that voice; it was one that he had heard often thernprevious day: Anna's in-private voice, he had termed it, when she wasn'trncompletely sure of herself and didn't have anything 'turned on' for the mediarnor her public.xa0 \"In that case,\" hernanswered as his smile turned slightly wicked, rolling over so that he was lyingrnatop Anna and her body was pressed into the mattress, \"here's to wonderfulrndreams.\"xa0 He bent his head and trailedrnhis lips over the skin of her neck and throat, loving the faintly salty tasternthat was indescribably Anna. She tipped her head back to give him greater access as shernwrapped her arms around him and her hands began to stroke along his spine,rncausing him to shiver, before she switched to tracing random patterns on thernskin of his back with gentle fingers.xa0rnHer eyes drifted closed against the bright light of the morning thatrnfiltered through white draperies and she reveled in the sure touch of herrnlover.xa0 He was not at all hesitant, asrnhe had been the night before: once he had come to terms with what wasrnhappening, with what they were doing, he had been remarkably take-charge in arnsweetly giving way.xa0 Instead of gentlyrnstriving for any boundaries she may have placed, he devoted himself to simplyrnloving her. William stopped his kissing and raised his eyes to look intornher sleep-and-love flushed face, waiting for her to open her eyes on a moan ofrndisappointment as her hands moved restlessly on his skin.xa0 When they did, he stared into them for arnbeat before lowering his head once again, tracing her full lips with his tonguernbefore properly kissing her good morning. \"Hmm, this is a very nice way to wake up,\" she teased him asrnshe lifted her hand from where it had drifted to on the back of his neck tornruffle his sleep-tousled hair, putting gentle pressure on the back of his headrnto kiss him again. The kiss ended and William gave her one more quick kiss,rnbarely lingering over her lips before he drew back once again.xa0 \"I have to agree,\" he answered with arnsmile.xa0 He drew away from her, ignoringrnher soft cry of objection and uplifted arms attempting to draw him back to herrnwarm body just as he ignored the sense of loss that pervaded his very being asrnhis skin lost contact with her.xa0 Herncontinued his backward motion, and ended up kneeling towards the end of thernbed, the white duvet partially on his shoulders and partially trapped beneathrnAnna's body.xa0 He brushed it off him withrnan utter lack of modesty and gently tugged until Anna lifted her body slightlyrnand it was released, tossing it down onto the hardwood floor as Anna reclaimedrnher position and he was allowed to watch her in the morning sun that turned herrnskin golden. He reached out with one hand and gently touched her calf,rnfeeling the muscles flexing under warm skin as she shifted slightly, and ranrnhis hand up her leg until it rested on her stomach.xa0 He flattened it and shifted up on the bed before gently tracingrnup her ribs and over her breast, smoothing over her collarbone and gentlyrntouching her neck, the caress ending with his hand tangled in hair that wasrnspread across his pillow like a bright banner.xa0rnLeaning down, he pressed a kiss to one freckle-covered shoulder, tracingrnover part of her collarbone to press another in the indentation at the bottomrnof her throat. \"You are,\" he pressed another kiss against her skin, \"so,\"rnhe took a small lick, wanting a reminder of how she tasted, \"beautiful,\" hernmurmured, giving her a gentle love-bite that caused her to jump in surprise. Anna smiled slightly and reached out to touch the side ofrnhis face as he had hers, drawing his gave to her face.xa0 \"I'm not the only one,\" she answered in arnwhisper, sitting up from where she had lain lax under his ministrations.xa0 She moved some more, changing places withrnWilliam to explore him in the morning light as he had her.xa0 She started with his feet, giggling softlyrnwhen he shifted an obviously ticklish foot away from her gentle touch, and ranrnher hands up his hair-roughened legs.xa0rnHis flat stomach was next, before questing fingers traced patterns intornthe muscles of his chest.xa0 She leantrndown to kiss his lips.xa0 \"Thank you.\" \"For what?\" She shrugged self-consciously as she sat back.xa0 \"This.xa0rnGiving me this opportunity.xa0rnLoving me,\" she said, shrugging again as one large hand crept up to cup thernback of her neck and draw her closer. \"That,\" he promised with a kiss, \"will never be a problem.\"xa0 He kissed her again, their tongues dancingrnagainst each other as they continued to celebrate the morning and newrnbeginnings. * The End * Reviews are welcome! * Additional Notes: Wow.xa0 I did notrnexpect it to end like that (never mind happen like that LOL.)xa0 I wrote the first paragraph of this story arnfew months ago simply to get it out of my head and then abandoned it to focusrnon other stories.xa0 Late last night (Janrn28th), I finished another story and decided to open up the file forrnthis one and play around, maybe see if I could add anything.xa0 I didn't intend to write it to the end, itrnjust kind of… happened. The title is a play on \"Ain't No Sunshine\" which is on thernsoundtrack for the film twice, once sung by Bill Withers and the second timernsung by Lighthouse Family.xa0rnUnfortunately, we all know what happens next in the movie. Ain't no sunshine when she'srngone It's not warm when she's away Ain't no sunshine when she'srngone And she's always gone too long Anytime she goes away. I hope that you enjoyed some time in the sunshine. ","Summary":" Title: In The Sunshine By: Kameka Rating: hard PG-13 / soft R just to be safe - Nothingrnparticular"},{"Movie":"Notting Hill","Title":"The Travel Book Company","Author":"lederra","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9949221","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Travel Book Company Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Notting Hill universe they are the creative property of the creator and as such I make no money from this or any other story that I write for this site. Summary: During an interview a reporter asks Anna about her husband's little shop. A/N: I have watched Notting Hill so many times I swear I know the words in it by heart and yet it is still a film that I can watch again and again despite knowing it so well, it will become I think one day a classic like 'Casablanca' although I am sure that there are those who would disagree but I like to think that perhaps there are maybe one or two other people out there who agree with me. This is my first story for this particular fandom and it might not be my last depending on how this one is received. Anna was feeling tired it had been a long day of interviews about her latest film and she wanted nothing more than to get home to William and Lilly, sit on the sofa watching television cuddled into her husband's side and their daughter snuggled in between them like a wiggly little caterpillar. She glanced at the list of interviewers names her agent and manager had given her and was pleased to see that there was only one more interview left and then she could escape back to the home she shared with her two most favourite people in the world not to mention several animals that her daughter had seemingly acquired as if out of thin air. A gentle tap on the door signalled Anna that the next reporter would soon be with her and she made herself ready for the barrage of questions she knew she would get about the film. She already knew what they would be as all those interviewing her today had been given the standard set of questions about the film that they had always been given at each of her many interviews. \"Excuse me Ms Scott?\" A slight young man stood at the door, he was a new one she had not seen him before and she remembered that he was according to the information that her manager had mentioned to her that he wrote for a small London college newsletter. \"Please come in Mr Andrews.\" Anna indicated the seat opposite her and the young man entered a little hesitantly as if nervous to be in her presence, 'probably the first time he has done an interview like this' she thought to herself and she smiled a little more attempting to put him at ease. He sat and she could see his hands shaking a little as he made himself ready, turning on an ancient looking tape machine which made her smile a little at the sight of it. He caught her smile and she saw a tint of red on his ears as if embarrassed at the fact he had such old and antiquated equipment. \"I apologise for my equipment and I know it is not what most reporters carry but it belonged to my granddad and it holds good memories for me.\" \"That is fine, it reminds me of the one my husband William refuses to part with that he uses in his shop.\" \"That would be the Travel Book shop he owns in Notting Hill would it not, umm….I know I am supposed to stick to the questions on this list but would you mind telling me about the shop. I know some of the story about how the two of you met but I would like to know about the shop. That is if you don't mind, I Umm…\" His words trailed off as he watched Anna reaction to his unofficial question, worried that she might throw him out and he would lose this chance for the biggest scoop of his so far short career as a writer. He knew he had not been the first choice his editor had for sending here that spot had been given to the newsletters biggest star on the staff but she had injured herself the night before and so he had instead found himself sent out to this most coveted interview. Anna was going to refuse but the look of genuine interest in his eyes and his nervousness was a new one to her, after so many years of being interviewed by those of the press who had become jaded in their lives and work it had started to get to Anna although she knew they were an unfortunate part of her job and life and for once she felt like going against the list of questions and she smiled to herself as thought of the last time she had done that, the time that William had been mistaken as a reporter by one of her people and the whole world knew where that had led the two of them, to the life they shared together now. \"Of course, what do you want to know?\" \"Well everything, what it is like how it makes people feel when they enter it?\" Anna sat for a moment to think about the shop and the people she had encountered since the first time she had walked through its door. It did not take her long before she began and told the earnest young man all about the shop her William owned and ran. \"It is not much from the outside, a small almost unnoticed shop in a back London Street in Notting Hill, indistinguishable from the many other shops that line the street. Most of the other shops have awnings that come out at the front of the shop but not Williams, this shop has a rickety old table that is set almost dead centre in front to the big spacious window opposite two black bollards that guard the shop from the approach of technology or like two lonely sentries against the dark of the night. People pass by the shop on a daily basis and most keep walking through the market that is there during the weekdays that sells all kinds of fruit and veg and other things that the general public might need. Books seem to be something that most do not today read with so much else to do and read; it is almost as if books are becoming obsolete in this day and age. There are a few though who stop and bravely enter the door of the Travel Book company, their hands trailing over the shelves within as they read the titles of far off lands and their imaginations open their minds to doing things they would not ordinarily do, canoeing down the amazon or taking a cruise on the Nile or simply sitting on the banks of a river somewhere in a far off and foreign land. Their eyes taking delight in the many different titles and it is always a joy to see their eyes light up when they find a book that takes their interest. It is not a big shop although it has many books in it and it seems almost full and cluttered but yet snug and inviting, a place to lose yourself in for if only a few minutes of the day or even longer if you have the time to tarry. A place where friends can be made and old ones met and there are some good people in that part of London, friends who will be there when you need them and new ones that are eager to be friends and welcome you into their world.\" \"Oh wow, the way you describe it, it sounds like it is a magical place Ms Scott.\" Anna had been so caught up in her thoughts about the shop that she had forgotten about the young man sitting opposite her but his words brought her back to reality and she smiled at his words. \"I hope what I have told you give you everything you need for your paper.\" \"Yes, yes it has and thank you Ms Scott.\" Anna stood holding her hand out to him which he eagerly shook and smiled again this time not so hesitantly as he turned to leave but he turned back for a moment. \"I am glad you told me about the shop and I hope one day that I have to pleasure of interviewing you again.\" \"The pleasure was all mine Mr Andrews.\" Nodding again, the young man turned and left the room and Anna smiled as she now thought 'it was time to go home.' THE END A/N: There you have it, my first story for this fandom. I hope you liked it and if you have the time or inclination to leave me a review it would be most appreciated. ","Summary":" The Travel Book Company Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters from the Notting Hill univer"},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"you cannot be related","Author":"xxGrimmxx","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4965144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"We need a new addition to the crew\" Charlie stated talking to Lyle through a video connection. \"I should be able to dig someone up\" he replied typing furiously at the key-pad, he smirked. \"Actually I got one right here… they go by Alex cooper and they happen to be a close relative.\" Lyle replied, Charlie smiled. \"Send in any information on them.\" Charlie said closing the window; Lyle picked up his phone and called the new recruit. Somewhere else I woke up to my phone playing 'sunshine of you love' I rolled off my bed landing on the floor; as I scrambled for the phone, picking it up I flipped it open. \"This better be good Lyle\" I said angry. \"How would you like to go to Italy?\" he asked I could tell he was smirking. \"I'll pack, when do I need to be at the airport?\" I asked grabbing a back-pack, I began to throw clothing, and assortment of weapons, computer gear, and objects to hot wire cars and just plain mess them up, I grabbed some protein bars. \"Oh about the next 20 minutes\" he said laughing. \"Im going to kill you Lyle\" I said slipping on the floor and falling right onto my butt. \"How's the weather?\" I asked. \"Cold\" he replied. \"Good\" I stated then hung up, grabbing a pair of blue knee high sweatpants, and a green tie-dye half sleeve shirt. I grabbed my orange and white stripped hoodie, and my back pack. Running down to my mini cooper. I hopped in, turning on the car I slammed onto the acceleration and flew out of the parking garage, I flipped on the radio. I've had a little bit too much All of the people start to rush (Start to rush by) A dizzy twister dance Can't find my drink or man Where are my keys, I lost my phone What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby But I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I sped about going seventy miles per hour, I checked my mirror to see a cop I smirked and went faster swerving through back roads. I can't remember but it's alright, alright Just dance, gonna be okay Da-doo-doo-doo Just dance, spin that record babe Da-doo-doo-doo I swerved down a small alley way only big enough for my car. Just dance, gonna be okay Duh-duh-duh-duh Dance, dance, dance Ju-ju-ju-just dance Flying out of a back alley, the cop had gotten stuck, as my mini cooper slid through, laughing I turned up the radio. Wish I could shut my playboy mouth How'd I turn my shirt inside out? (Inside out right) Control your poison babe Roses with thorns they say And we're all gettin' hosed tonight What's going on on the floor? I love this record baby But I can't see straight anymore Keep it cool, what's the name of this club? I can't remember but it's alright, alright Just dance, gonna be okay Da-doo-doo-doo Just dance, spin that record babe Da-doo-doo-doo Just dance, gonna be okay Duh-duh-duh-duh Dance, dance, dance Ju-ju-ju-just dance I pulled into the airport, giving me only a couple minutes to get in; I paid for my parking and ran out, with my bag and skid to a halt, feeling pain in my feet I looked down. \"Stink bombs\" I mumbled looking at my bare feet, I shook my head and walked over to get my ticket. \"Starling\" I said, as politely as possible. \"Yes her you go the plane is just getting ready to leave.\" She said handing me my ticket; I handed over my back pack, I walked over to the boarding area and went through customs I showed my passport. \"Have a nice flight\" i nodded and walked through and onto the plane I sat in first class. \"Lyle you spoil me\" I said, take off was fast and I soon fell asleep. Couple hours later I woke up to the flight attendant shaking me. \"Were here miss.\" She said smiling I nodded in thanks, I stood stretching. \"Mmm, like chocolate mousse\" I said walking off the plane I went through customs, I grabbed my bag at the turn around then looked around for Lyle, I spotted him waving I smiled and ran over jumping on him for a hug, he fell over me fallowing. \"Uh Alex air\" Lyle said gasping I laughed standing I pulled him up, I giggled, Lyle scanned me. \"You look different\" he said smiling I looked down at myself, I'm tall, equally proportioned, short brown hair, brown eyes, and a baby face, yet I looked like an adult and being well endowed in the ahmm chest area helps. \"So shall we go?\" I asked, he nodded, we got in the car, I threw my back pack in the trunk. \"The guys are going to freak\" Lyle said I raised an eyebrow. \"They've never really worked with a girl before\" he explained, he began to drive to where we would take a boat into the city. \"So information\" I stated he handed me a laptop. \"Ok, here we go\" I said cracking my knuckles, I began typing opening the appropriate files. \"Hmm, left ear, napster?\" I asked scrunching my nose. \"You're still stuck on that?\" I asked shaking my head laughing he shifted in his seat. \"Oh look were here\" he said, I stayed silent as he parked then we got out and found a guy waiting in the speedboat. \"So where do we meet them?\" I asked. \"Full of questions aren't we, well the job starts tomorrow, tonight were going to relax, and brief you.\" He said relaxing I nodded. It took us only a couple of minutes before we made it to the hotel they were staying at, we got out and walked into the hotel I looked to see three men sitting in the lobby I was about to head over. \"Wait, I'll give you an entrance\" Lyle said I just complied and sat where I had stopped, he walked over to them, I saw him giving a slight twitch of his hand that was my entry, I stood. Picking up my bag I headed over smiling when I stopped in front of them Lyle smirked and I smiled at their reaction. \"So guys this is Alex cooper starling my sister\" Lyle said in pride. \"You're telling me she is your sister, I don't believe it man\" the guy I knew as left ear said, I smirked. \"I agree with left ear there's no way your two are related\" I guy said he had an Australian accent, and by the way he talked and sat, he had a large ego. \"Yeah basically impossible im still crossing my fingers in hope im adopted\" I said, Lyle pushed me I just smirked. \"Well you guys know my name so?\" I stated waiting. \"Im Steve\" the short greasy looking weasel said, not that I judge, but there is just something about him. \"Handsome rob\" the Australian said. \"Left ear\" the quieter guy said, I smiled. \"Cool well call me cooper, or Alex.\" I said shifting my bag. \"Well I'm extremely tired so what room do I get?\" I asked they looked between each other. \"Well you see you either have to room with rob or Steve\" Lyle said. \"I'll take Rob\" I said a little too fast, making me blush. \"To bad Steve I was rooting for you, fallow me sweetheart.\" Rob said I grimaced at Lyle who didn't look very sympathetic. Oh this will be fun. alex: alrigh hope you enjoyed this, rate and message and remember flames are used to boil my noodles[Chapter 2] alex: hello, well this chapter will be shorter only because im having writers block. I fallowed behind rob, we hopped into the elevator well I did earning a curious glance from rob, I smiled as I bounced. We were at our floor in no time; we walked down the hall to room five thirty-two. Rob used the key card and I walked in, I examined the surroundings. \"Not bad\" I stated nodding I walked through the foyer and over to the bedroom I froze and my mouth fell open, I squealed in delight and jumped onto the bed, I held onto the blankets, squishing them to myself. \"Oh heavens it's down\" I stated squishing it more. Looking up I saw rob with an eyebrow raised. \"Please tell me this is not the only bed.\" I stated worried. \"No there's one just through those doors\" he said pointing to two large French doors. \"Oh ok, so when do I meet the rest of the team?\" I asked curious. \"In an hour\" he stated, I bit my lip. \"I think I might shower\" I said standing up I grabbed my bag and pulled out new underwear, I walked into the bathroom, and closed the door, I stripped out of my clothing. Stepping into the shower I turned it on it felt amazing to have it run down my sore muscles from the flight. Once I finished with my shower I changed quickly, looking at the clock on the wall I saw forty-five minutes had passed. \"Time to meet the maker\" I stated walking out I saw rob chatting up a maid, I rolled my eyes. \"Time to go Mr. Smooth\" I stated grabbing his shirt collar, and yanking him out of the room. \"Ruin my fun sweet heart if you're jealous\" I let him go as he straightened out his shirt. \"Im only a bedroom away\" he said smirking. \"Thank you\" I said sweetly patting his chest \"but I'll take my chances on my own\" I stated winking at him, his smirk dropped. \"This way sweet heart\" he said leading me to a room not far from ours. He knocked three times. \"Charlie open up\" he said the door opened to reveal a handsome man with sharp features I assumed he was Charlie, he moved aside to let us in. I saw left ear, Steve, and my brother then I spotted an older man with white hair he stood. \"Well look at you Alex all grown up\" he said I smiled; I ran and gave him a hug. \"I missed you john\" I said smiling he let me go we looked to see them staring at us. \"He's known me since I was little, his daughters my best friend\" I stated quietly, realization crossed there features. \"So briefing?\" I asked. \"Alright have a seat\" Charlie said. I sat down in a large squishy arm chair. \"We need you to get into the apartment there keeping the safe with this\" Charlie said holding up a small electrical device. \"It sends out sound waves giving us the layout of the place.\" Lyle state excited. \"Ok\" I mumbled. \"Your other job is watch, when we pull this off we need you to watch the cops and be prepared to improve\" he said I nodded. \"Decoy and layout got it\" I said nodding. \"And the third thing is whatever else we need you to do\" he finished. \"Alright so how do I get into the building?\" I asked, they all exchanged looks. \"Well\" john said \"you have to figure that out yourself\" he finished earning a sigh from me. \"Should have known you would make this difficult, well im going to bed nice to meet you guys so arivadechi tell tomorrow\" I stated walking to the door and quickly exiting, I skipped down the hall, and froze. \"Oh rob darling!\" I yelled running back down the hall, rob had just left the door. \"Need the key\" I said smiling, he handed it to me I ran back down the hall and opened the door, I left it open as I ran over to the bed and fell onto it, I covered my eyes with my arm. alex:well hoped it wasn't to short, remeber flames are for my hot-dogs.[Chapter 3] alright to start out i am so sorry its been like almost a year since i've updated so so sorry, umm this one is short but i'm sick and just got back into the flow here, almost my senior year work and everything ugh well yeah not prolonging this anymore read on readers :) *THUMP* \"OW!\" I squealed falling out of bed, the sheet tangled around my legs, like an octopus trying to eat me which happened to be what I was dreaming about so…. \"ahhhh! Octopus kill it kill it…. Oh\" I said looking around, hearing someone chuckling I saw rob standing in front of my door. \"Sleep well darling\" he said mocking me from the night before I glared. Two can play at that game rob. \"Yes cupcake I did, now if you would be so kind what time is it?\" I asked blowing my bangs out of my face. \"About six a.m\" he said a smirk on his face, and at that moment I realized something… I'm in short shorts, and a large tee, and he's wearing pants… nothing else just pants snot rags . \"uhh ok I need to get\" I stood up walking around him since evidently his egos to heavy to move! \"Dressed, and figure something out so uhh?\" for momentary brain freeze he turned so we were chest to chest and bare skin touched barely. \"Right you better get to that\" he said quietly with a light smirk, my astonished freeze brained moment ended when I realized he was playing me. \"Yeah right\" I growled pushing him out of my way, not meanly though, I turned and saw the tv going a soccer game was on. \"So you have a plan?\" he asked. Not till this very moment. \"Yeah\" I replied with a smirk \"but I'll need a jump suit and work belt\" Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx *knock-knock* A woman opened the door. \"Ciao\" I said cheerily, s nodded. \"sono qui per il cavo\" I said pointing to the television behind her, she stepped aside, walking in I turned and smiled to a little girl. \"quindi dove e il box?\" I asked he pointed to the wall behind the TV I walked over opened it and saw the wire taking out a screwdriver it had the little tech piece on the end. \"ora\" I signaled pressing it in I closed it \"ci siete\" I said smiling closing the box, she smiled. Walking out the door I smiled. \"Stupid idea my butt rob\" I said into the voice piece. \"Yeah yeah don't get cocky Shorty\" he replied. \"Never\" I said giggling. \"If you two are done flirting... Alex get back ok\" Lyle said cutting in on us. \"Yes mother\" I replied as I stepped into a company boat and drove it back to headquarters. Xxxxx \"So night before any jitters\" Steve asked me at the bar I nodded. \"Yeah but I'm always jittery\" I said turning my head away this guy seriously creeps me out. \"Always ready to go kind of like a cat hmmm, wonder if you purr\" he said leaning over his arm around the back of my chair. Seriously someone save me anyone please. \"Evening all\" I heard a voice say Steve lent away removing his arm, I turned. Let me tell you I have never been happier to see Rob. \"Hi\" I said in relief which weirdly sounded kind of dreamy. \"Nice to see you to cupcake\" he said, placing my long island down. \"Same here puddin\" I said head in my hand, smiling he sat down. \"Ready for tomorrow ally?\" he asked resting an arm around the back of my chair , I relaxed. \"Sure thing not like I really have a job anyway\" I said crossing my arms \"now I just feel like eye candy\" I replied sighing. \"Now darling who said you were cute enough to be eye candy\" he said a joking smirk on his face. \"Your right\" I replied smirking \"you truly the eye candy you know I might have a dress that would fit you\" I said giving him a once over. He threw his head back and laughed let me say this what a laugh deep and woah… no no he's pompous dufus snot head that will love you and leave you. \"I do know I'm eye candy pumpkin but, you might want to stop staring\" I heard rob say he smirked. I knew the look on my face read confusion. \"I was in deep thought is all\" I said. \"what about how deep and beautiful his eyes are\" I turned to see Lyle with a dorky smirk when he thought he was being funny and well he was… why because everyone was laughing. \"I think I need to go to bed\" I mumbled taking one last sip of my long island I got up. \"Well sir I'm flattered\" I said linking my arm with his as I laughed, we entered the elevator before it \"Thank you for the lovely evening\" I said curtsying to them with my coat tail ends, turned on my heel and began to walk to the elevator. \"I'll escort ya, need to rest for tomorrow\" I heard rob say, I felt him next to me he put his elbow out. \"My lady\" closed though I swear I saw Steve looking at me but not just looking, his eyes held something strange, and dangerous. okey k remember reviews are sweet berries so please do so, because i loves me some berries, and I'll share to for those who review :) i'll try to update again soon :) ","Summary":" \"We need a new addition to the crew\" Charlie stated talking to Lyle through a video connection. "},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"lyles arrest","Author":"kkq","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5621842","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own. No copyrights intended, yadayadayada… In Venice \"Charlie, it's so nice of you to bring me here!\" \"Hey Stella, you see that house that the cop boat is going to? That's the one we robbed, your father's last job. I know it isn't something that you wanted to hear, but I thought you should know anyway.\" The cop started shouting to someone in the building above in italian.(translation) \"hey! Louis! They caught one of the guys that stole your gold! It wasn't the main guy, but they got their computer hacker! He still had a bunch of the gold bars. They think the poor guy will rat out the rest of his team before the night is out!\" \"Great! When will I get my millions back?\" \"There was only about three million there, and you'll have that within the week. Any more recovered will be sent who knows when.\" \"Thanks Gregori! I owe you one!\" Charlie looked at Stella. They both had the same train of thought. Oh, No! Lyle! In a nice house in Philadelphia Lyle, (aka the Napster) was sleeping on the couch in his office, his laptop bleeping security breach, and his uber-loud speakers blaring when the doorbell rang. He was so out, and the music so loud that he didn't wake up. After a few minutes of waiting at the door, the maid, the new one, (the previous twelve had quit only a few days in each) let them in. she showed them into the lounge, just outside which was the office in which Lyle was sleeping. The maid then woke Lyle up and told him that there were people waiting to see him in the room outside. Lyle went into the next room and was surprised to see three cops. \"Lyle – we don't know your last name but you are under arrest as an accomplice for grand theft of over a million dollars.\" The cops cuffed him and began the walk out of the house. \"What are you talking about?\" his voice was shaking, and he knew he sounded guilty \"I didn't do anything?\" damn. He knew he sounded pathetic. \"We are bringing you in whether you like it or not.\" \"And the rest of you, search his place. We are looking for gold bars with a stamp of a Balinese dancer. Lyle got into the car, and one of the cops started to read him his rights. He wondered what was going to happen to him. But he knew one thing for sure. Charlie, and Stella, and Left Ear, and even Handsome Rob wouldn't be getting caught because he told on them, there was no way.[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: no copyright infringement intended When the cops and Lyle arrive at the police station, the Napster once again tries again to plead his case, (just as pathetically and hopelessly as the previous times). The officers would have nothing of it and instead put him into interrogation. He just nervously looked down and shrugged after each question, and after each question the cops talking to him were getting even more and more aggravated. \"We know you weren't in charge of the operation so who was?\" Shrug \"How much of the money did you spend already?\" Shrug \"We already know who you sold the gold to, he gave you up. but why don't you tell us his name anyway!!!??? shrug \"HOW MANY OF YOU F***ED UP THEIVES WERE THERE???!!!! Ok, that one scared him a bit. But still our computer hacker looked at the floor and shrugged. \"can I have a lawyer now?\" was a small voice behind the fuming interrogationner. \"fine,\" was the exhausted reply. \"there is the telephone.\" Venice Charlie and Stella were quietly conversing the new developments back and forth, when Charlie's cell rang. \"Hey Charlie, it's The Napster here,\" \"Lyle! Is that really you? Are you all right? Are you in jail? We heard that the jerks who stole those millions in gold bars, well the computer hacker that they used was caught, and almost two million dollars were recovered.\" \"Ummnn, yeah, about that… the man I sold the bars to ratted me out I guess. Oh yeah, I'm kinda calling my lawyer from jail right now, and am only allowed one call, so could you call her for me, I just really wanted to let you know about it, so uh, here's her number, and send her down ASAP. Ok?\" \"Yeah, we'll call her for you. Brassy ratted you out?\" \"Yeah, that's what they said. Charlie?\" \"Yeah?\" \"If I go to prison, it's not going to end well. The guys there are like Rob, big hulky, and all that. I'll be the tiny, scared geek in the middle of a bunch of insane, massive jocks. Please, find a way tp get me outta prison, please!\" \"We'll help, somehow.\" And with that, the phone receiver was set down on the other end of the line, and the hopeless sounding young man was gone. \"Charlie, we have to do something, and didn't you hook him up with Brassy?\" \"I know Stella, we hooked him up with someone who turned him in. I feel responsible now. We definitely need to call in the team.[Chapter 3] The Team, back in the States \"Hey Charlie! Where's The Napster?\" \"Yeah, why are all of us back, but you left him out?\" \"Handsome Rob, Left Ear, chill. I will explain all in a moment or two, but just so you know, it won't be easy.\" \"Just spill it Charlie.\" \"Lyle's been arrested.\" \"For what?\" \"Accomplis to grand theft of over 30 million dollars. Apparently a gold dealer ratted him out.\" \"Guys we need to get him out before he gets sent to prison, he won't make it long in there, besides, I recommended the dealer, and he turned Lyle in. I feel responsible.\" \"S'alright Charlie. We're with you all the way.\" \"Thanks Rob, you in Left Ear?\" \"You know it, Stella, the lovely lady. I take it your coming with us and your fiancée to rescue our tech support.\" \"Of course. I have grown quite fond of you guys over our bonding gold heist.\" \"So Charlie, what's the plan?\" County Jail \"Kid, if you don't talk, you'll get 10-12 in the state penitary. If you give up your friends we may only have 5 or 6.\" \"Officer, you are asking me to give up my friends for half of a prison sentence that I may not even have. That just isn't nice. If you and a couple of friends shot a man in cold blood that tried to kill your wife perhaps, and you got found out, would you give them up for a shorter time in jail. I don't take you as that kind of person sir. I don't even think I'll last 2 years in prison actually. Someone like me, a technical anylyst, the creator of Napster, a tiny computer geek, in the midst of what, a hundred violent jocks. I'll be dead in a month. Another possibility is me stuck in some prison hospital in a coma, with spinal injuries for the rest of my life. I could also be faced with some awful trauma, that makes me wish I had never been born, and turned into a suicidal wreck. Take your choice.\" \"Officer?\" \"Yeah kid?\" \"I'm kind of scared.\" The officer then let Lyle back into his cell and took a last look at a good kid, who really didn't deserve the fate that came, fall asleep.[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I am like you. I wish I could own this movie, but don't. No copyright infringement intended. The County Jail \"Hey kid.\" \"Yes officer.\" The Napster replied groggily. \"Do you have any family that you want to be there? At the hearing I mean. No one has come to see you, but I thought maybe there was someone I could call for you. Maybe they just don't know that you are here?\" Lyle thought for a moment. He then responded carefully. \"My sister Stella might come. Stella Croker. She's the only one who really cared about what happened to me. Her and her fiancée, Charlie, but they live in Seattle, and the cost of airfair these days.\" \"I feel sorry for you kid. I'll give your sister a call, you never know until you've tried. You really seem like a nice guy, I don't meet many of them on that side of these bars.\" \"Thanks officer. You're pretty nice too.\" \"I'll see what I can do about your sister. You seem like you deserve at least that.\" \"Thanks officer.\" \"No problem, call me Bill.\" The phone \"Hello, is this Stella Croker?\" \"Yes, and to whom am I speaking?\" \"This is Officer Bill McKinney of the Philadelphia Police Department.\" \"Why are you calling me?\" Stella asked politely, unsure why he called her. \"Just to inform you that your brother, Lyle, has been arrested for grand theft, and that you may want to visit him before the hearing on Thursday.\" \"Oh dear, when was he arrested sir?\" \"Two days ago Miss.\" \"Well, I guess I had better come and talk to him. May I bring my fiancé?\" \"Of course Miss.\" \"We will be there as soon as we can get a flight. Is tomorrow soon enough?\" \"Just fine Miss. Your brother seems like a good guy. I think he just may have fallen in with the wrong people. He seems rather depressed, but I'm sure he will be really glad to see you.\" \"I'm sure he will be. Thank you Officer.\" \"No problem Miss Stella. Have a good night.\" The officer hung up the line. Stella turned to Charlie and she knew that he had the same thought that she did, he had listened in. They now had a chance to talk to him, to inform him of their plans. They knew one thing, and one thing only. They had to get Lyle out of jail soon, or else.[Chapter 5] County Jail \"Whoo!!! Who let in the pretty lady!!!\" \"Sorry officers, but I already got one\" Stella pointed to Charlie, who now had a huge beaming grin on his face. \"What I don't have right now is a socially akward, computer whiz brother, who, if I was told correctly is hidden in one of your cells.\" The groans were evident. The disappointment was staggering. Eventually one of the officers was pushed forward. \"This is Officer Bill McKinney. He's your brother's new best friend. They talk all the time. He'll go with you.\" One of the other officers volunteered. \"Hey, Napster, wakey-wakey. It's Bill, I have your sister Stella and her fiancé Charlie here.\" \"Stella, Charlie! You guys came! Thank you so much! Bill, can I have some time alone with them?\" \"Sure. It is nice to see you so happy Lyle. You guys can go to the interrogation room. Just so you know, you can't give him anything, and I'll be watching from right here.\" \"Fine officer.\" Stella, Charlie and Lyle went into the locked room. The interrogation room \"Lyle, I'm so sorry, I didn't think Brassy would…\" \"I know you didn't mean it Charlie. It's ok.\" \"I thought I was feeling awful Charlie, but you look like you did when John died.\" \"I know, I'll calm down now, sorry Lyle.\" \"It's okay. Stella how are you doing? I'm doing fine, a lot better than both you and Charlie it seems.\" She didn't show it but it hurt to see how the once vibrant young man Lyle once was being reduced to nothing but a lowly piece of crap criminal. She would tuck the note in his collar when he gave her a good bye hug. For now though, they would just have to be conversational. Lyle had one very important question to ask. \"Stella, do you think they would let me out of jail to attend your wedding. I mean, if my sister is getting married, would I have to miss it because I am in prison? That just doesn't seem fair right?\" \"I don't know Lyle, but I hope we don't have to worry about that. We have a good lawyer.\" \"We may have a good lawyer, but they found those bricks in my place, and the unknown cash that doesn't come from anywhere. They have an awful lot against me. Plus that gold dealer is testifying against me.\" \"I don't know what we are going to do little man, but Charlie and I will think of something.\" With that Stella stood up and gave Lyle a hug. Lyle felt the cruch of paper as she inserted it into his collar, and felt immediately better. She let go and Charlie offered his hand. \"Don't worry I'll think of something.\" Charlie agreed with a smile. That was what made lyle certain that he wasn't going to prison afterall.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: do not own, as always. Prep Time \"Left Ear, you said you had a hacker cousin. Give him a call, promise free airfare, food, rooms, plus 5 grand.\" \"No problem Charlie.\" One hushed phone call later. \"He's in, but only for the excitement. He's in for free.\" \"We need your cousin to gridlock the route from the station to the courthouse by way down Pinto Blvd. there are manholes here, here and here. Left Ear, can you put a bomb underneath a car and only have a manhole sized hole in the bottom of it?\" \"Sure Charlie.\" \"Can you do it without the entire car blowing up?\" \"I can as long as I don't hit any fuel lines yeah.\" \"Is it likely that you can do this without blowing up Lyle?\" \"Yes.\" \"Good that's all I needed to know. Rob, can you get us three four wheeled ATV's?\" \"What kind of question is that Charlie, you know better.\" \"Good, thought so. Stella, I know it isn't a safe, or even a combo lock, but could you get Lyle's cuffs off?\" \"I should be able to. It isn't that hard. I also need you to give him these.\" \"What are they?\" \"It is a package of clothes. We can't let him run around in a suit. That would look ridiculous. I also have a ball cap, and some sunglasses. Last thing we need is for someone to recognize him. Stella and I will leave our cars here, and we will dump the ATV's in the river. Sorry Rob, I know it hurts, but we can't risk leaving them, or towing them around the river. Remember to drive the limit. We don't even want to get pulled over for speeding. Left Ear,\" \"Yeah,\" \"I sure hope your cousin can gridlock a car.\" \"For Lyle's sake, so do I.\"[Chapter 7] The County Jail \"Kid, I know you are nervous, but it is time to go to your hearing. I don't think this will help, but I don't think you belong in prison. Your sister promised to be there for you. It will all be okay.\" \"Bill, thank you for being so nice to me, but you're right. That information doesn't really help when you are off to 10 years in prison with a bunch of murderers that are twice your size.\" \"Who knows Lyle, they might clear you.\" \"Yeah, right. All the evidence they gathered points to me. Plus they found a hidden safe full of gold, stamped with a Balinese dancer of course. It just doesn't look good for me Bill.\" \"What can I say; you hacked into a system to help a load of criminals steal about thirty five million dollars worth of gold.\" \"I know this is just like a confession, but we stole it, then Steve killed one of our guys, and stole every bar there was. We ran our van off a cliff to avoid being shot to death. He and his men shot at us through the water. We all would have died, except we had scuba equipment in the car, and passed around the air tanks for a good ten minutes.\" \"What? You are telling me that you and some guys stole the gold, then one of your friends turned on all of you stole the money, and thought they killed you? Then where does all the gold in your house come from?\" \"Bill, I am not finished my story!\" \"Sorry Napster.\" \"A year later we finally found Steve. He was living the Vida Loca in Las Angeles. We planned out the best robbery ever from there. We were so close when the girl on the date with him slipped up he found out. The next day he flew the coop. We were ready. He had a ton of armoured trucks; well I had height scanning software. After that I just gridlocked the one car.\" \"Oh yeah, I heard about that. You guys were responsible for blowing the perfect hole that the armoured truck came through, falling directly into the subway tunnel that was shut down, gassed the drivers and broke into that uncrackable safe!\" \"Yes, we were good. We do all of our robberies without a single gun. We don't need them. Although, when we were in Italy I was pretty close to getting shot by a cop. That wasn't very fun. The cool part about the Venice heist was that we were carrying a big brown box around, while the safe was in the water below the hole.\" \"Wow, you're right. You guys are good.\" \"Do you know what?\" \"No, I don't know. What?\" \"Even after stealing thirty million dollars, we weren't the slightest bit scared of cops. Funny don't you think?\" \"Yeah, it is. Well kid. I think it's time for you to go to your hearing. I'm sorry I couldn't be there.\" \"It's alright officer. Besides I don't think there will be much to see.\" Lyle smiled to himself at this one. He knew it. There would be some interesting thing to see. He could picture it now. Cops running in, a chorus of 'he's escaped!' Echoing through the halls. Funthroughout, with a huge element of surprise in the middle. He was sorry he'd miss it.[Chapter 8] Disclaimer:do not own, as always The van Lyle stepped into the armoured transfer van. He could not help but look apprehensive. It was not for what everyone thought though. He was waiting for his rescue, which was going to happen before he ever reached his destination. The job \"Freddie, do you have the place gridlocked, and him on camera?\" \"Affirmative Charlie.\" \"Good. You know the plan. Left Ear, how long do we have before he reaches the destination?\" \"Approximately three minutes.\" \"Good, everyone on stanby.\" \"In three, two, one.\" Freddie counted out. There was a small boom, and the bottom of the armoured car gave out in a perfect circle, directly over the manhole. Before the guards knew what had happened Lyle jumped down through the hole, and made a beeline towards his friends, where Stella was waiting to take his cuffs off. \"Thank God that worked. You are all right Lyle?\" \"Yeah Stella, I am now. Thanks guys.\" Lyle let out a weak smile. Charlie handed him a package. \"30 seconds, that is what I'm giving you to change.\" Lyle finished in twenty eight. \"Okay everyone move out.\" Charlie and Rob hopped on the ATV and started on the way out. As they reached the end of their tunnel they heard a shout, a cop had seen them and called for backup. Rob just grinned. This was where it was going to get interesting.[Chapter 9] The car chase Rob was thrilled! Not only did he get to ride solo, he got to ride solo on an ATV speeding through the sewers under Philadelphia with armed cops chasing after him. Now that was fun! Sure, Charlie was sitting on the back of the ATV, buthe didn't do anything but sit tight and enjoy, or not enjoy then ride. He loved being the decoy. It meant fast and thrilling. He almost lost his enjoyment when he saw the guy on the other boat point a gun at Lyle, but not quite. Almost. Man, there were two bikes chasing them, and another four were going to be coming around at the next turn. That would be sweet. Charlie said something. Damn, time to leave his nthoughts alone. \"What Charlie? Can't you see a man enjoying himself in the thrill of the chase here?\" \"Yeah, but they are coming around to head us off at the third right.\" \"okay then Charlie, we'll take the second left. How does that sound?\" sheesh, that guy really knew how to get on his drivers bad side. Charlie was boss though, and everyone had to take him seriously. The motorbikes were nearly on top of them when Rob and Charlie veered sharply left into the turn. The motorbikes once again left in the dust, the two hi-fived, before steering toward their rendevous with Stella, Left Ear and Lyle. Home Free \"Lyle, what were you thinking?\" Rob berates. \"Ya Napster. Letting the cops sneak up on you in your own house. Geez.\" \"Sorry you guys. I thought I had covered my tracks pretty well. And for you rinformation Left Ear, I was sleeping and my maid let them in. Besides they had a warrant. They could have broken in.\" \"S'alright. Me and Left Ear here were just joking with you. We know it wasn't your fault. Charlie gave you the snitch's name. He couldn't have known either that the man would give you up.\" \"I know guys. To tell you the truth, I'm just pretty glad to be out of there.\" \"We understand. None of us would like prison either, but you would have been the only one of us to die in there. Your to tiny to defend yourself.\" \"Be quiet Rob. As if I don't know that I'm not as macho as the rest of you.\" \"Handsome Rob, please leave Lyle alone. How about a group hug you guys? I don't know about Napster here, but I have really missed all of you.\" \"Aww, thanks Stella.\" And so they all gave a group hug, and decided to spend more time together. They were almost like family-but almost, JUST almost. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own. No copyrights intended, yadayadayada… In Venice \"Charlie, it's so nice o"},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Italy's Symphony","Author":"Alice Meri Fox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8009191","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/n: Okay so I decided that until I get the muse back for my Indiana Jones story I'm going to post some of my other things, starting with the movie The Italian Job then maybe Galaxy Quest . The breeze of the Italian air flowed through her long blond hair. The day was a good day. She was focused and ready for the job, sitting on the boat with Lyle waiting for Handsome Rob. She checked the boat to see if it was ready for the getaway while Lyle was doing something on his computer behind her. Left Ear was reading book on da Vinci on shore. She just finished the check list and looked up to the beautiful city of Venice. It was a nice day. The sun was high the skies were clear it was beautiful. \"You ready for this?\" An Englishman's voice brought her out of her daydreaming. Speeding Susie looked over to Handsome Rob as he pulled Left Ear onto the boat. \"Wind's pushing from the west a bit hard so be careful when taking the hairpin right. Cross currents are perfect for the underwater work, just skip over them as best you can.\" \"You're just glad it's not you down there,\" Left Ear said knowingly as she steered the boat to where Charlie and John were waiting for them. \"Damn straight I am,\" was her reply. They arrived at the meeting dock to see Charlie and John. As soon as the boat stopped they got on. \"We set?\" Charlie asked Lyle. \"Yeah I've enhanced the viewing matrix to track both the Cartesian coordinates and three altitude angles, the yaw, pitch and roll to give us the exact position an orientation of our baby.\" Lyle said. \"Were in Italy, speak English.\" Left Ear said. \"Speed, how's the boat?\" Charlie asked turning to her. \"Ship shape,\" Speed said with a smile; he smiled back. Susie had known Charlie since he was in grade school and were basically family to each other. \"Steve, how we looking?\" Charlie said into his headset. \"Papa took the boat work at 8:15, so the garage is empty. Mama left with daughter at 8:30 for preschool, as usual. So for the next forty-five minutes, we own this place gentleman.\" \"Still no word from the garbage men?\" John said. \"Hey, who got you the beekeepers in Budapest? They'll be there. I trust these guys.\" Steve sounded slightly offended. \"Steve how many times do I have to tell you? I trust everyone. I just don't trust the devil inside them.\" John fidgeted as he said his famous words. Then they started the leisurely boat ride to the destination. Speed looked around them as she drove cautiously. Venice was magnificently beautiful. Charlie gave Lyle the nod to open the gate and she backed in like she belonged there as the guys looked for any observers. \"We're in.\" Charlie said to Steve. \"Just tell me where to paint.\" They all got off the boat and began their mini jobs. Speed tied the boat to the dock with the help of Charlie. \"Your men are still not in position?\" John said to Steve. John walked around and Speed couldn't really care what he was saying. She helped grab some of the materials from Handsome as John looked over at Charlie. Hearing John say something about aborting the mission drew her attention to Charlie. \"I'm sorry, John, but I think that's Charlie's call now.\" \"Our baby's being taken out of here tonight. This is our only shot at it.\" Lyle said. \"Keep going?\" Charlie asked John. \"It's up to you, kid.\" John said. \"It's a go.\" Charlie said with a smile and they all got back to work. Lyle was giving Steve directions on where to paint the explosives. Speed didn't pay attention as she started to get the scuba gear ready for John, Charlie, and Left Ear. \"You need some help, Handsome,\" she asked when she finished as he was putting together the fake safe. \"Hold this end up while I get the bottom together?\" They completed it and were ready. Minutes later the safe came crashing down from the ceiling and Handsome put the boat in drive. They were off. Lyle was folding the protective covering around the \"safe\" and they all glanced up to see some very angry Italians yelling at them. Once the fake safe was secure Lyle stood behind Handsome holding on to the boat while Speed sat behind the safe. This was one of the rushes Speed loved. They heard the whirling of an engine and looked behind them and saw the Italians were following them close behind. \"All right Charlie someone just called it in. The police boat is headed your way.\" Lyle said. Handsome took Speed's advice on the right hairpin turn and skimming on top of the cross currents. They looked to the side as the Italians came alongside them. One had a gun and they all sucked in their breath; but thankfully, the driver wasn't paying attention and ran up another boat, soaring through the air before landing on a vegetable sellers boat. Lyle laughed as Speed and Handsome smirked at the driver's stupidity. They came to a fork in the river and almost ran into another boat of the Italians. They got ahead of them and sped faster through the streets until they finally saw the garbage men waiting. Handsome turned right in front of the garbage boat just before they started moving to block off their escape. The three of them looked back and saw the Italians stuck on the garbage scow. They smiled and laughed as they sped away to the meeting place.[Chapter 2] They all stood around on the side of the road. \"Hey guys come here.\" John said and they gathered around each other, each one with their own bottles of wine. \"I want to propose a toast. To us.\" John said. They lifted their bottles and clinked them together before taking a gulp. \"And I want to propose a toast to Charlie because we just stole $35 million worth of gold without even holding a gun, because he planned this down to a 'T.' Nobody else could have done that. Nobody.\" John said. \"Charlie!\" They cheered toasting their bottles again and taking a gulp. \"Thank you.\" Charlie said. \"So come on gentlemen. Shopping list,\" Left started. \"Who's doing what? Spare no dirty details.\" Susie said finishing her friends' thoughts. \"Come on, you guys. Take a lesson from an old man, don't spend it. Invest.\" John said. \"In what?\" Left asked while laughing. \"In gold.\" John said and they laughed. \"Let's figure out how to get out of here first, all right?\" Charlie said as John walked away and he soon followed. \"What are you getting, Rob?\" Left asked. \"I don't know. There is a lot of things you can buy with a lot of money. You know I am just thinking about naked girls in leather seats.\" \"When aren't you thinking of that?\" Susie asked and took a sip from her bottle. He nodded. \"Obviously. See?\" Left said. \"Suppose I get the Aston Martin Vanquish?\" Rob said. Susie sucked in her breath. \"What?\" Rob said. \"Thief! That's my car.\" \"There is not a lot a girl won't do on the passenger seat of one of those things.\" Rob said. \"It's the same with guys.\" \"I'm going to get a NAD T770 digital decoder with a 70-watt amp and Burr Brown DACs.\" Lyle said and they all looked at him like he was nuts. \"It's a big stereo. Speakers so loud they blow woman's clothes off.\" Lyle added. \"Now you're talking.\" Rob said clinking their bottles together. \"35 million dollars and you can't get more creative than that man? What about you, Sue?\" Left asked her next. \"Vanquish and vanish. Get me my blue baby and get the hell out.\" She said, then added, \"I'm thinking England, maybe.\" There was a look shared between her and Handsome. \"What about you Left Ear?\" \"I'm going to Andalusia, south of Spain right there. Get me a big house, get me a library full of first editions. Get a room for my shoes. What about you Steve?\" Left said. \"I don't know. I haven't decided yet.\" Steve said. \"You haven't decided yet? Come on man is it the mountain air, just...? \" Left said. \"I like what you said. I'll take one of each of yours.\" Steve said. \"Well, well, two of everything for Steve then.\" Left said and they clinked bottles together again and laughed. They started to walk to the car. \"Hey! Let's go- I'm freezing my ass off.\" Steve said as the others got into the van. XXXXX \"You should've seen Rob behind the wheel of that boat. He was like Don Johnson.\" Lyle said as they started driving over a tall bridge over an icy river into Austria. \"Oi, yeah, from Brixton.\" Left said teasingly. \"What the hell do you guys know about Brixton?\" Rob sounded like he was going to go into a long story that they had heard time and time again. \"Aw, shut it, Handsome,\" Susie interrupted from behind him. \"We've all heard about how great Brixton is, so stow it.\" \"Look at this idiot right in the middle of the road,\" Rob said noticing a truck coming up to them. Speed turned around and saw there was someone behind them. The car in front of them stopped and Handsome hit the brakes. \"They're after the gold,\" Speed muttered to John, who also realized what was going on. \"Who the hell are these guys?\" Handsome said as the men in the other cars got out. Steve pulled a gun out and pointed it at Handsome's head. The guys that were following us opened the back and started to grab the gold. \"Take your hands off the wheel.\" Steve said to Handsome. \"Steve.\" Charlie said. \"Don't even think about it just do it.\" Steve continued. John opened the side door, but Steve caught on and jumped out of the passenger's seat to face John with the gun. \"No, no, no, no, John.\" Steve said. \"Steve, what the hell are you doing?\" Charlie yelled. \"I made a few plans of my own.\" Steve said. \"There is nowhere you can go where we won't find you, Steve. You know that.\" John said. \"I think that's probably right, John.\" Steve said as he shot John twice in the chest. We all started screaming. \"DRIVE! DRIVE! DRIVE!\" Speed's was the only voice Handsome heard and hit the gas, driving off the bridge, through the ice, and into the water. The van started filling with water as soon as they hit the surface, like a million frozen needles at once. One could still hear gun shots but as the car filled up they soon became muffled. Charlie swam behind the back seat and got the scuba gear. There was only one air tank left, so everyone took turns breathing, one by one. Bullets still rained down into the water and they muffled grunts and yells as they rained closer, one hitting Speed in the leg. Johns' body floated up to the top so Steve would think they were dead and leave. When they heard the muffled noise of the cars driving away one by one they all floated to the top. Lyle helped Susie swim to the shore as Charlie went after John's body. XXXXX Charlie was holding John in his lap, crying for the loss. Rob helped Susie tie up her leg where she'd been shot and walked over to Charlie. \"Charlie, we have to go,\" he said comfortingly. Charlie looked up at him with a tear streaked face and nodded. They left the body there. There was no way they could bring him back to America. Rob pulled Susie to her feet and then helped her limp alongside the rest of the guys. \"We're gonna need to find Steve once we get back to the states,\" Charlie said as they walked into a hotel in St. Anton. \"First, y'all need to strip out of those wet clothes and get under some lukewarm water,\" Speed said authoritivly, her natural Southern accent shining through. \"Will not have y'all getting sick and dying before we steal that gold back.\" Charlie sighed and looked at her leg. \"First we need to get you to the hospital to get that leg looked at.\" \"Showers first, my leg second, and no more arguing. Doctors' orders,\" Susie looked at him, daring him to talk back to her. Charlie opened his mouth to tell her otherwise but Left cut in. \"You're gonna go against our Southern Medic?\" Charlie bit back his comment with a grumble and handed out key cards.[Chapter 3] A/n: Come on guys! Gimmie some feed back. This is three in a week! X One Year Later X Stella drove her Mini Cooper to the meeting place where everyone else should have been. \"That was quick.\" Charlie let out a sigh of reliefs as he got out of the Mini. \"Where are they?\" Charlie walked up to and sat on the hood of the Mini. \"We're a little early. I didn't expect to get here quite that fast.\" Stella smirked at him and turned her head as she heard a motorcycle putter through the empty construction site. \"Lyle,\" Charlie explained before she could ask. \"Computer genius. You know, he's who really invented Napster? At least that's how Lyle tells it. Says Shawn Fanning was his roommate in collage and stole his idea. Think that's his first time ridding that bike though.\" Lyle nodded his head in hello before he dismounted his bike, the bike falling onto its side before he could fully get away. \"You okay?\" \"I'm fine.\" A brown station wagon pulled up next. \"That's Left Ear. Demolitions and Explosives. When he was ten he put too many M-80's in the toilet bowel. Lost the hearing in his right ear. Been blowing' up stuff ever since.\" A nicer black car parked close to the Mini. \"Handsome Rob. Premiere wheel man. Once drove all the way from Los Angeles just so he could set the record for the longest freeway chase. You know, he got 110 love letters delivered to his jail cell from women who saw him on the news. Another motorcycle pulled up next to Lyle's and Susie jumped off and unzipped the leather jacket she was wearing. \"Speeding Susie. Medic, psychiatrist, wheel woman, errand woman when we really need her to be. She and Rob have something going on between them but they deny it and none of us can get a clear guess as to if it's true or not.\" \"And you?\" Stella turned to him. \"I never heard how you got your start.\" \"Me? Well I've been a thief since I had baby teeth.\" Susie pulled her helmet off and took her long hair out of its ponytail as she walked over. \"Charles,\" she said hugging him first. Stella stood to the side as the five of them reunited with hugs and fond nicknames. \"Guys, this is Stella Bridger.\" There was an awkward silence as the three men looked at Stella in remembrance of John. Susie made the change. \"I told you we needed another woman on the team.\" Charlie smiled and looked to Left. \"Phones?\" \"Yeah,\" Left opened the safe case he was holding. \"They're all fresh and clean. I got internal chips in them. Please change them twice a day. We will get heat online.\" He passed out the phones. \"ID's?\" Charlie turned to Rob who passed them out. \"'James Hymen?' Come on man, one time, give me a cool name,\" Lyle complained. \"140 pounds? Try 165,\" Left said to Rob. \"Try lifting some weights,\" Rob responded. \"Try lifting up these.\" Left grabbed his manhood as everyone went to their separate vehicles. \"Hey,\" Charlie interrupted their banter. \"We leave tomorrow alright?\" \"Hey Charlie?\" They all turned to Lyle who was looking helpless beside his bike. \"Handsome, help him with his bike.\" \"Yeah, help Knievel set up for his next jump,\" Left teased as Rob pulled the bike up. XXXXX Everyone arrived in Los Angeles and they quickly got rooms and unpacked. Later that night they met up on the roof of the hotel. They were all there waiting for Stella. \"Man out of all the places for a thief to hide, this joker picked Hollywood,\" Left complained to the group. \"He's a punk, but he ain't stupid.\" \"All right, we need to figure out a way to get into Steve's house and make a video blueprint of the interior.\" Charlie took charge of the group. \"I want audio surveillance on his phone.\" \"Oh, yeah, I've been wanting to try something,\" Lyle spoke up. \"I crack into the phone company's remote monitoring system, and fool it into thinking it's a legal tap online. Just reroute the digital copies of the calls to our own listening post. I've been doing it to my ex for years.\" \"How long?\" Lyle looked uncomfortable with the question. \"No- how long will it take? Not how long have you been doing it to your ex.\" Lyle looked relieved. \"I'll burn through the night; I'll have it running by morning.\" The roof top door closed and Stella walked over to the group. \"Sorry I'm late.\" \"We got to work on getting Steve out of the house. Stella, how much time do you need with the Worthington?\" \"Five minutes, flat,\" she said confidently. \"Don't get cocky young lady,\" Rob commented from behind Charlie, who turned around to face him and Susie. \"It's not the same as opening a safe for the police,\" Susie put in to her. \"The perspiration on your fingertips, your heart pounding in your ears... Whole different ball game.\" Rob attempted to place her in reality. \"I appreciate the concern. I'll be fine,\" she countered quickly. \"Look, just remember, this is all the easy part, okay? It's the getaway that can get us caught,\" Charlie took charge again. \"So what's the sketch?\" Left was being unusually quiet. \"We drive to Union Station. The car goes right onto the train with us. We need to know exactly how long it's going to take to get from Steve's house to Union Station.\" Charlie said the last part and turned to Rob and Susie. They both shrugged as if it were obvious. \" Okay that's it. Have a goodnight.\" Before they all could get too far away Susie called to them, \"7:00 am physicals, don't be late.\" \"Physicals?\" Stella questioned Left as they left. \"Yeah, she makes us do quick little physicals so she can monitor our health during the operation. Charlie thought it was a good idea once, and now it's just routine.\" Left sighed and continued, \"I think it's just one more way she can mother hen us.\"[Chapter 4] Thank you to ILUvOdie for being the first review. Heres the next one for ya! The next day found everyone cleared for the heist and Rob and Susie out in traffic. Rob was in his car with a stopwatch and map on his passenger seat while Susie was astride her motorcycle with a stopwatch around her neck and map in her side compartment. Though she was on her bike, Susie was behind Rob as they stopped at a stop light on Park View. The light turned to a green arrow and Susie heard Rob yell to the guy in front of him, \"Hey, it's a green!\" She revved her engine, and moved around both cars to clear the intersection so she wouldn't have to wait, all the while laughing at Rob's misfortune. Later that afternoon everyone met up on the roof. \"It's either bad traffic, peak traffic, or slit-your-wrists traffic,\" Rob told Charlie. \"You know, five people died from smoking in between traffic lights today,\" Susie put in, rubbing her neck to get the tension out. \"You know, they do have the Metrorail, guys. You could always use that,\" Left commented. \"That'd be ideal for carrying a ton of gold, wouldn't it, genius?\" Rob smarted back at him. \"Boys,\" Susie cautioned them in a motherly tone. \"What's your guesstimate,\" Charlie asked Rob. \"Last 20 times I've done the journey, you've got an average of 32 and a top time of 50,\" Rob said sitting down. \"But if we had green lights all the way, we could do it in 14 minutes,\" Susie added putting her head on Charlie's shoulder. \"Wait, you couldn't get through traffic?\" Stella mocked Rob. \"I could,\" Susie said pulling her head up. \"Rob was the one who wanted to play with the actor.\" Rob glared at the both of them and they just smiled and looked away. \"We could do anything with green lights all the way,\" Left prompted. \"Lyle?\" Charlie turned to him. \"Lyle,\" Left copied. Lyle shook his head and scoffed, \"I'll see what I can do.\" XXXXX A few days later they were all gathered in Lyle's van that they had posted out by Steve's place. Lyle was listening to an outgoing call as Charlie and Stella got in from getting the service truck. \"Guard just called the cable company.\" \"What time is the appointment?\" Charlie asked handing a phone to Speed so she could cancel the appointment with the cable company. \"Thursday between 9 and 3.\" Charlie dialed the guard as Speed called the company. When they were finished they put their phones away as Handsome handed Stella the paperwork. \"Here's all the paper work you need. Just get him to sign and date at the bottom.\" \"Let's check out the camera.\" Charlie took the pin camera from Lyle. \"Stella, you'll be going patriotic today. Make sure you walk slowly or the image will streak.\" He handed the pin back to Lyle, who attempted to pin it on her. \"Ow!\" \"Sorry,\" Lyle said stopping and handing the pin to Charlie again. \" I couldn't pin the corsage on my prom date either.\" \"But you had a prom date?\" Handsome looked almost skeptical. \"It was his cousin,\" Left Ear put in. Speed spoke up next. \"There's cable lines in the kitchen, living room, bedroom, and the cable modem on the computer in the office.\" \"You need to locate the safe in the office.\" Charlie added as he pinned the camera onto Stella's shirt. She nodded. \"Just want you to know, I think you're very brave going in there,\" Handsome said. \"I know it won't be easy.\" \"I second that,\" Left Ear said. \"Same,\" Speed said quietly. Stella smiled and laughed under her breath. \"It's gonna be fine.\" Charlie chuckled lightly. \"What?\" \"You know what fine stands for? Freaked out, Insecure...\" \"Neurotic, and Emotional,\" Stella finished with him. Charlie pulled back after he put the pin in place. \"You'll be great.\" Stella exited the car and minuets later she was pulling up to Steve's front door. They all saw the steel blue Aston Martin sitting closest to the house. \"Aston Martin Vanquish.\" Handsome's voice was fill with hate and envy. \"Looks like that bastard took my car.\" Speed put her hand on his shoulder knowing Steve was three for four: her vanishing act, Left's house, and now Rob's Vanquish. They listened as Stella walked through the house and gave out a sigh when she opened a closet door and found the safe. \"There we go,\" Charlie said. \"There's our baby. We got him.\" Stella moved to the modem in the office. \"Look at that.\" Lyle sounded disbelieved. \"That's my NAD T770. That's... That's my stereo.\" \"Don't worry boys. We're gonna take it all from him,\" Speed said with a slight southern twang in her voice. \"He's hitting on her,\" Charlie said surprised. \"You know what, end this shit right now. I'm going to blow this shit right off the mountain right now.\" Left Ear said grabbing some of the things he would need and opening the door to get out. \"No, no, no. No, no, hey, hey, hey,\" Charlie said pulling him back inside. After a few moments Charlie spoke the Left Ear again. \"Go check the box.\" Left Ear exited the van and walked over to the cable box where he waited until Charlie gave him the signal to reconnect the line. After it was all said and done Stella sat in the service truck and Charlie and Susie went up to the window. \"You okay Stella?\" Susie placed her hand gently on Stella's arm. \"Yeah,\" Stella breathed as her hands continued to grip and un grip the steering wheel. \"He touched my hand. Came on to me.\" One of her hands slid back to grab onto Susie's for support as she looked to Charlie. \"Hey, at least I... I created a window of opportunity, right?\" The three of them chuckled and Charlie said, \"when he goes out Friday night, we go the time he realizes you've stood him up, we'll be long gone with that gold.\" \"Yeah.\" Stella gripped Susie's hand and then let go. \"Stella, you and me are going to take a slight detour on the way back to the hotel,\" Susie said as she walked around the front of the truck. \"Reason why?\" Charlie smiled at the woman who was practically his older sister, if not, mother. \"Simple, we need a drink and you aren't coming.\" Stella laughed and drove away as Charlie walked back into Lyle's van with an amused smirk on his face.[Chapter 5] Later that afternoon everyone was hanging out in Charlie's room at the hotel. The girls were on the bed; Stella, looking over plans for the safe and Susie, knitting. Both had a glass of coffee within reach. Left and Rob sat at a table, near Charlie, who was looking over storage and getaway plans, playing poker, while Lyle worked on the blueprint of Steve's house. \"Make sure you shuffle them cards this time, Left,\" Rob said as he refilled his and Left Ear's coffee cups and returned to his seat. \"Hey, Lyle,\" Charlie called across the room. \"What's the distance between the front door and the vault?\" \"Don't deal when my back is turned,\" Rob said to Left. \"You've got that loser's paranoia,\" Left said to him as he picked up his own cards. \"Lyle!\" \"He only answers to The Napster now, Charlie,\" Rob said Sitting back in his chair and crossing his legs. Charlie sighed and said, \"No. I'm not calling you The Napster.\" \"Why not, you call him Left Ear,\" Lyle said obviously. \"Well, I am.\" Left defended himself. \"And her, Speeding Susie.\" \"'Cause she is,\" Rob defended Susie. \"And him, Handsome Rob.\" \"Well, that's because he is Handsome Rob,\" Charlie said, getting annoyed. \"Well, you can call me The Napster.\" \"Come on, they were at the same college at the same time,\" Rob said to Charlie, placing his bet on the table. \"Why are you encouraging this?\" \"It is a verifiable fact!\" Lyle said pointedly. \"He was my roommate, he stole my ideas. I am The Napster.\" \"Calm down a little there, Lyle. Negative emotions are going to weigh you down until you're road kill,\" Susie said as she finished off the scarf she was making and threw it around his neck. \"All right, all right,\" Charlie said as he stood up. He walked over to where Lyle was sitting and continued. \"What is the distance between the front door and the vault, Napster?\" Left laughed in the background and Lyle answered, \"it's farther than you want to carry it.\" \"Yeah, but, so, how do we get the gold from the vault to the getaway car,\" Stella asked as she pointed to a color for Susie. \"How wide is the hallway... Napster?\" Charlie asked as if he were still annoyed with Lyle. Lyle pressed some keys on the computer. \"6 feet.\" Charlie looked over Lyle to Stella and she grinned. XXXXX Charlie and Rob finished packing Stella's Mini Cooper with weights and shut the back hatch. \"Okay, you've got your gold,\" Rob told Stella. She sped through the course that Lyle had told them how to set up and threw the keys to Rob when she was done. Susie looked over the car and Charlie spoke first. \"We need more cars to handle the weight.\" \"Looks like I'm going to need some help with the custom work, too,\" Rob commented. \"I know a man for the job.\" Left, Lyle, and Stella \"Susie, how many more, do you think?\" \"I'd say at least two more Charlie,\" Susie said looking at the back end where a piece of the bumper had broken off when Stella drove down the flight of stairs. \"A casing for storing the gold should be in order, too, for the inside. Pack it, drive it, then roll it like luggage when we get to the train.\" Charlie nodded in agreement. \"I have a blue Mini in a storage unit not far from here. I can go get it.\" \"Do it. Be back here as soon as you can. I'm going to go get us another one,\" Charlie said and she quickly ran to her bike to ride out of the warehouse they were renting. Charlie turned to Rob. \"Get your mechanic here as fast as possible.\" XXXXX Later that day Susie had her blue Mini parked next to Stella's red one and the white extra one that Charlie had gotten on Susie's other side. Rob pulled into the warehouse with his mechanic and went over to Charlie and Lyle. \"Charlie, this is Wrench.\" \"Hey, what's up, man?\" Wrench shook Charlie's hand. \"Rob tells me you got real talent. We need some body work done.\" Charlie led the way over to the Minis and said, \"We need to pack up to 2,700 pounds of cargo in these Minis with enough suspension and horsepower to outrun anything chasing us.\" \"2,700 pounds of what?\" \"Of whatever,\" Charlie said sharply. Wrench shrugged. \"So, what do I get out of this mystery deal, man?\" \"$10,000\" Wrench nodded his head and looked over the Minis, inspecting them. \"All right.\"[Chapter 6] Next day Stella was coming back from lunch run with Susie and she passed by Wrench as he was working on Susie's car. \"Oh, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.\" he lifted his welding mask and stepped over to her quickly. \"We didn't get a chance to meet yet.\" He held his hand out to her. \"Wrench.\" Stella picked up a sandwich from her try and put it in his hand. \"Ham and cheese,\" she said before going over to Rob \"Oh. Oh, that's cold. Damn that's cold. Mmm,\" he said wishfully. \"Leave Susie's here,\" Rob said quietly to Stella as she handed him his sandwich. Stella said nothing but did as asked and walked away. Minutes later Susie walked over, handed Wrench a bottle of water, and then went over and sat on Rob's tool cart. \"Hello,\" she said unwrapping her sandwich. \"Just wanted to ask how she was.\" \"She's fine. In Rush to see Soleil. Going to be taught by them a bit, too.\" \"Oh I bet she's going to have a lot of fun with that,\" Rob said going back to work. \"The Mopsey says she is so far. She's going to be there a month. Had to electronically sign and call her teacher so she could go.\" \"Well, I think she's really lucky.\" \"Well, if it wasn't for Steve I'd be able to be there with her,\" Susie sighed sadly. Rob noticed her frown and put down his tools. Stepping in between her knees he gently grabbed her chin. \"Hey, just because you're not there all the time doesn't mean she doesn't love you.\" \"I still wish I was around more. I can't have The Mopsey looking out for her every time I'm gone.\" XXXXX Charlie walked by the shelves that held most of the parts on them. \"What are those,\" he asked Wrench who was walking beside him. \"Unnecessary engine parts. I lost your smog controls, and 200 pounds of body fat.\" Wrench shut the hood of Stella's car. \"You got yourself a sweet ride now, Charlie.\" Charlie rounded Susie, Stella, Left, and Rob up and the five of them drove out to a remote area, where no one was and drove them around for a while. They tested how fast they could go, what they could do, and how much they could stand. Stella was driving her Mini and Susie was driving hers. Rob took the white one and Left was his co-pilot as he would be riding with them as they needed as many hands they could. Charlie would be in Susie's passenger seat to make sure everything went smoothly. \"You know what I am thinking about right now? The look on Steve's face.\" Stella said into her head set and everyone chuckled in agreement. After the sun set they drove back to the garage and parked the cars for the night. \"Hey, Left,\" Charlie called. \"Come on, we're going to see Skinny Pete. The rest of you, get some sleep. Two days we get our gold back. Xxxxxxxxxxxxx Everyone was in the warehouse waiting. They were all standing near Lyle's computer. Charlie walked over to Lyle who was listening to an outgoing call from the phone tap. \"Steve just called to confirm his 8:00 reservation at the Water Grill.\" Lyle said putting the headset down on the counter. \"OK lets go over it one more time.\" Charlie said looking at Left first. \"Gas the guards, doors open 8:15,\" Left said. \"Safe popped by 8:25,\" Stella said. \"Loaded by 8:35,\" Charlie said then looked at Susie to continue. \"Out the door by 8:45,\" Susie said. \"Straight to Union Station,\" Rob finished. \"Only green lights on your route, the rest of the city's red. Cops are stuck in traffic like everyone else,\" Lyle said with a small smile on his face. \"Train leaves at 10. Cars have to be in the carrier by 9:30. Timing's got to be dead on. Let's get ready.\" Charlie said and everyone left to get themselves ready for the night ahead.[Chapter 7] That night they took off to Steve's where they waited as Lyle watched Steve on a nearby road leaving his house. He got into the Aston Martin and drove off. \"Wow that is a nice car. Sorry, Rob, Sue. Coast is clear guys.\" Lyle said. They immediately took off for the house. The plan was working perfectly so far. \"This is it guys. Moment of truth.\" Charlie said as Speed quickly drove around the twisting road.. They drove up and were almost to the driveway when they saw a bunch of people standing around in the middle of the road and lights on the opposite side of Steve's house. \"What the hell is this?\" Charlie said as Speed had to stop. \"Shit! Steve's neighbor's throwing a party.\" A valet knocked on Speeds window and she rolled his it down to speak with the man. \"Are you here for the, uh, Baker party, mam? \"No,\" she said shortly and rolled the window back up. \"We're not blowing any gates tonight, guys. Too many witnesses. Stella,\" Charlie said as he looked through the back window. \"I know, I know. I'm late for my date,\" she said as she took her hair down. \"Yeah and you got to be charming. You'll need him to ask you out again. Sorry.\" Speed said as the people standing in the road moved out of the way, and she speed away. XXXXX The team stood in secluded corners and watched on as Stella was on her date with Steve. And bits and pieces of their conversation reached their ears. \"It's the devil inside them I don't trust,\" Stella said not thinking about it and Steve froze. \"Shit.\" Susie said under her breath and looked to Charlie, who was barley in her eye sight, and saw that he had heard her say it too. They kept watch until Stella tipped the empty bottle of wine at their table. The sign that she was in trouble and they all came out of their hiding spots. Charlie, Rob and Susie walked up to the table behind Stella, who stood up. Susie took her wrist and looked it over to see if there was anything wrong with it as Charlie spoke. \"She's with us.\" \"Gang's all here.\" Steve said looking around to see that he was surrounded. \"Except for the half pint,\" he said looking at Susie who stiffened. \"How do you know about her,\" she asked in a clipped tone. \"I think the question is why anyone else doesn't know what I'm talking about, Susan,\" Steve said smiling cruelly. \"She's in London, right? With her Grandparents?\" \"You don't know where she is.\" Susie, dropped Stella's hand and put her balled fists to her side. Rob grabbed her from behind and pulled her to him in a comforting manner. \"You know the only thing worse than a thief, Bendel,\" Stella asked drawing Steve's attention back to her. \"A coward.\" \"Then you should have seen the way your daddy begged for his life.\" Stella reached across the table to get to Steve but Susie and Charlie held her back. \"It's not worth it,\" Charlie said to her. \"Put a leash on your cat,\" Steve said to Charlie as Susie and Rob took her out of the restaurant. Susie hissed at him very much like a house cat as she passed him. Everyone waited outside as Charlie finished with Steve. Left and Lyle were giving Susie questioning looks as she held Stella who was close to tears. Susie saw their looks and said, \"I'll explain later.\" She looked over to Stella. \"Come on, let's get you back to the hotel and into some different clothes.\" Stella nodded and allowed Susie to pull her to her Mini and drive her away without a word to the guys.[Chapter 8] Every one gathered in Charlie's room, each one had their own cup of coffee. Everyone was seated in a circle. Susie took a sip of her drink and sighed. \"Charlie,\" she began. \"I've known you since you were in fifth grade. You know that after high school I got married and ten years later I got divorced.\" She took another sip. \"what you don't know is that a week after the divorce, Paul stopped by my apartment. Or, that, two months later I found out I was pregnant with his child.\" \"Susie,\" Charlie started. \"She's five years old. Her name is Amanda. She looks like me. She's a ballet dancer.\" Susie reached under her shirt to retrieve a picture and pass it to Charlie. \"Why did you never tell us?\" Left sounded a bit offended. \"I was going to after the Italian job. I hinted at it when we said what we were going to do with our money. We live in London, and when I'm on a job her father's mother takes care of her. She's in Russia right now with her teacher and nine other students in the dance academy. They're being taught some by the Cirque de Soleil.\" \"How did Steve find out about her?\" Charlie passed the picture around to the others of a little girl that looked like her mother at a birthday party. \"I don't know.\" Susie shook her head. \"I never told anyone. Rob found out by accident two years ago.\" \"Rob, you knew,\" Charlie turned to him. Rob nodded. \"Amanda called and we all thought Susan was sick. I caught her talking on her phone and asked straight up.\" Charlie looked to Susie in disbelief. \"You know better than any that if you ask me straight, I will tell all you ask for. I'm a friggin fortune cookie.\"[Chapter 9] The next morning everyone stood in the warehouse waiting for news from Lyle as he listened to another outgoing call from Steve's house. \"There'll be nothing left of that if you keep rubbing it,\" Rob said to Stella who was cleaning a wrench on top of the stair simulation. Rob was standing next to her with a cup of coffee near the hand he was holding himself up with and Susie in his free arm. Susie was dozing on Rob's shoulder, Left was smoking, and Charlie was shooting hoops. They were all standing around waiting for Lyle to tell them what the call was about. \"Charlie!\" Lyle called from his listening post in his van. He jumped out and continued. \"He's flying the coop.\" \"When?\" Rob asked. \"His security guard called for a private helicopter at 4:00 PM. There's an armored car service coming to his house at 5:00. There is a cargo plane scheduled to depart LAX at 8:00 PM to Mexico City.\" Lyle said. \"What if he is moving the safe as a diversion? We crack it, it's empty, the gold is somewhere else.\" Stella asked. \"Steve's not about to let that gold out of his sight.\" Susie said tiredly \"It's going to be in that truck, and he is going to be watching it every step of the way from the helicopter.\" Charlie said tossing a basketball between his hands before taking a shot at the basket. \"So the gold's headed to Mexico.\" Left Ear said. \"Who knows where? They could change the flight plan in midair.\" Lyle said. \"Slow down. Slow down,\" Charlie began, interrupting Lyle. \"You guys are looking at this the wrong way. This is good news for us.\" \"Charlie, what do you mean, 'good news'?\" Rob asked as he unwrapped his arm from Susie, waking her up. \"We've been trying to get to the gold in the safe, now the safe is coming to us.\" Charlie said. \"We're going to boost it in transit.\" \"Charlie, it could take a dozen different routes to the airport. We have no idea which one. We cant take out an armored truck during rush hour,\" Rob said. \"We're already set up to do it. Napster, gridlock every route except for the one we choose.\" Charlie said. \"Force that truck to go exactly where we want it to go.\" \"Where do we want it to go? We cant have a shoot-out with armed guards. We'd loose.\" Rob said as Charlie's cell began to ring. \"We do it like the Italian job.\" Susie said catching on to his train of thought as Charlie went to answer his phone away from everyone else. \"You told him that?\" Charlie said loud enough to catch everyone's attention. \"Look I need a favor.\" After he hung up, Charlie explained that the Ukrainian Mafia was out to get them, and that he was going to try to cut a deal with the leader. Everyone backed him on the decision. XXXXX In the few hours they had left the six of them called in favours from people and places to get things set up. Left began creating a bomb map in the tunnels of the metro rail. Rob and Charlie hired a truck and got Wrench on the team. Susie called a few friends from the Pepsi Cola Corporation and got them a Blue billboard on steel backing. Stella was practicing opening the safe. Lyle was on location in Union Station, setting up the traffic grid. At 5:00 pm, everyone knew of the new plan. They knew what they had to do according to the plan, and what to do in case of an emergency. Speed sat in the drivers seat of her Mini with Charlie in the passenger seat. Stella was behind them in her own Mini. \"Check positions.\" Charlie said. \"Napster?\" \"I'm in position,\" Napster's voice came through the headsets. \"Handsome Rob?\" \"In position. Everything's quite, Charlie.\" Handsome's voice came through. He and Left Ear were at Steve's house, looking out for the truck. \"Wrench?\" \"Set,\" came his voice. He was above the bomb map with the rented truck and Blue billboards on the sides. \"Charlie, we got an uninvited visitor. Some motorcycle guard following the truck,\" Handsome informed everyone. \"We'll deal with it.\" \"Who are these cats?\" Left Ear said as two more truck and motorcycle pairs turned into Steve's driveway. \"Whats wrong?\" Charlie said. \"Charlie, you wont believe this. He's brought in three armored trucks,\" Handsome said in disbelief. \"It's a shell game. Shell game now,\" Left Ear said sitting back in his seat. \"Well, boss, I cant reroute the truck if I don't know which truck to reroute,\" Napster said. \"Just go with the one Steve follows in the helicopter. Remember, you said he would never let that gold out of his sight.\" Stella said. \"Unless he is playing us, and he is.\" Speed said as she gripped the wheel in her hands. \"Here we go. They're pulling out\" Handsome said. \"Napster, pull up the traffic cameras you're watching. Where's the first camera the trucks go past?\" Charlie asked. \"Vine and Yucca; they're all going to cross there.\" Napster said. \"See which one is riding low.\" Charlie said. After a few minutes of waiting they hear Napster speak into the headset. \"Houston, we have our truck. It is number 128.\" Handsome pulled up behind Stella as the trucks split up. \"Okay, guys, truck 128 has turned right heading west.\" \"Gridlock time.\" Charlie said. \"They are about to hit a major detour and be sent your way,\" Napster said as he set it up. The emotions and feelings started to grow as time went on. One could taste the anticipation in the air. The cars began to thicken as Lyle caused a few accidents with the street lights. \"Okay I am opening up space on Highland,\" Napster said, continuing to talk to himself as he worked. All three drivers were looking in the mirrors to see if the truck had appeared. \"Give us the flag,\" Charlie said to Napster. \"Metro just passed through the station. You are clear for 90 seconds. Go,\" he said, and they were off. Speed jumped the curb first and made a hairpin turn right onto the wide sidewalk to part the crowd. \"Come on, Steve.\" Charlie said as she took the turn down the stairs to the metro station, the others following behind closely. \"30 seconds and counting.\" Napster reminded them as they drove through the station and saw the train pulling through. \"15 seconds, either your blocked in or paint on the train.\" \"Go, go, go, come on,\" Left Ear was saying Handsome. \"Stay right on me, this is going to be tight.\" Speed said as she drove in front of the train. Stella following shortly after and Handsome barely making it, clipping the front corner of the train. \"You're going to stop right there.\" Lyle said to the train as he stopped it on its tracks, blocking off the tunnel. They drove through the train tunnels underground for a couple of minutes until they got into position. They parked, got out, and opened the trunks to get everything ready. \"OK guys. Coming into position.\" Wrench said from above ad the truck pulled in closer. \"Stay cool.\" Napster said. They all got into positions and waited as Wrench counted down from 10. \"Three... Two... one.\" Left Ear hit the detonation button and the resulting explosion dropped the truck to where they were waiting. \"Damn...\" Left Ear said and Speed smiled over to him. Then the steel billboard fell into position, signifying that Wrench was on his way to the station to ready the car. Handsome shot a chemical grenade into the truck gassing the drivers. Charlie, Left Ear, and Speed pried open the back doors, as Stella got ready at the trunk of her car. \"We have another problem guys,\" Stella said after she turned around. \"This isn't the Worthington 1000.\" They all looked at the truck. \"He switched safes on us.\" \"Can you do it?\" Charlie asked her. \"It's Israeli made. Its got a glass re-lock system. There is a pane of glass right here behind this door. And if I don't drill perfectly through that hole, steel rods snap into place and you cant open the safe. And then we're up shit creek,\" Stella said. Speed stood over by the cars with Left Ear and Handsome. There was nothing to be done until the safe was opened. Stella began drilling through the safe, the rest of them behind her waiting anxiously. After a few minutes there was the sound of cracking glass. \"I think I just cracked the glass,\" Stella said surprised. \"I don't think it broke though. I cant drill it again. I have to do it by touch,\" Stella said pulling away from the drill. Now the adrenaline and anxiety were mixing together. They all stood there in silence letting her concentrate. Left Ear and Handsome were pacing making Speed nervous. After her moment of doubt she continued to work on the safe. Time was wasting away and they all could feel it slipping through their fingers.[Chapter 10] Then Stella turned the handle to open the safe and it opened freely. \"Slide.\" Charlie ordered to the other three and they all pulled out the vinyl slide and attached it to the trunks of the Minis. \"Hey, don't you want to see whats inside,\" Charlie asked Stella as she stepped away to breath. \"Absolutely,\" she said turning around to put her headset back in her ear. \"Napster,\" Charlie said to Napster. \"Ya?\" Napster answered. \"13 across, four high, four deep.\" Charlie said as he and Handsome slid the bricks to Speed and Left Ear at the cars below. \"That's, uh, 208 bricks.\" \"How much?\" \"2.7 million,\" Napster said after doing the calculations in his head. \"What?\" Speed exclaimed, almost dropping a brick. \"Uh no its 27. That's 27 Million! That's 27 million dollars worth of gold.\" Napster happily corrected himself. The five of them quickly filled up their gold carriers that Speed and Wrench had built into the trunks of the Minis. \"YEAH!\" Lyle yelled through the station. \"Got the... Holy Spirit. You should get on it. It's a good train,\" he said covering up. The others laughed at him as they piled the bricks into the cars. Soon the safe was empty and they got into their cars and sped off. \"What do you think John?\" Charlie said out loud as Speed raced down a storm drain entrance. She stopped in front of a gate and parked so Charlie could open it up. \"27 million.\" Handsome said. \"Say it again.\" Left Ear said. \"27 million.\" \"Say it again.\" \"27 million!\" Stella and Speed laughed in their cars as Charlie was unlocking the gate. After Charlie jumped back into Speed's passenger seat they sped through the drain tunnels. \"Two motorcycles on us, Charlie.\" Handsome said. We looked in our mirrors sure enough we did. One of the motorcyclists started shooting. \"Shit!\" Handsome yelped before he knocked them over. \" Handsome, at the end of the tunnels turn around,\" Speed said over her revving engine. \"Here we go!\" She said as they were coming up to the drain mouth. She sped out first and nearly flipped over end with as fast as she was going. \"Come on guys we're moving.\" Speed said to Handsome who had made Left ear open his door and knock off the last motorcyclist. Soon a helicopter appeared from behind them. Steve had found them. They drove over the storm drain walls and entered a golf field. \"Rob, you okay,\" Stella asked quickly looking back at him. \"I'm hit.\" \"Stop once you reach tree cover. Left Ear run up to Stella. Handsome, scoot over. Charlie, you're driving mine,\" Speed said quickly before she parked and ran out. They all switched positions and Charlie led the way onto the streets. They drove in and out of traffic with all green lights. \"I'm gonna take Steve. You guys go straight to Union Station. I'll meet you there.\" Charlie said as he took a right and the others kept going straight. \"Okay Charlie, I'm opening up a spot on lower Grand.\" Napster said to Charlie. \"Take your next left.\" They wove through traffic and until they hit Union Station. They drove through the gravel and over tracks until they arrived at their cargo car, where Wrench was waiting to guide the Minis onto the train. They parked the cars inside waited for Charlie. As they were waiting, Susie took Rob's jacket off of him to inspect his arm. \"It's a through and through,\" she concluded after poking at it. \"You'll be okay. Wrap it light if it's under a jacket, tight if it's not, and you won't bleed to death.\" After Charlie arrived and parked in the car, he got out and instantly said. \"Steve's probably right behind me. Wrench, if he shows up, reluctantly do as he says.\" The group walked out of the train car and down the platform; Rob was pulling one of the half cases that was in his car. They double backed around to the other side of the train car and went back in through the open door on the other side of the car. Charlie appeared when Steve turned to walk inside. \"I got to hand it to you Steve. You actually played this one pretty smart. Decoy trucks... you switched safes. The helicopter routine. I mean that was pretty damn good. But now I've got the gold- and you, you've got nothing.\" Charlie said smartly. \"I got this,\" Steve said pulling out a gun, incidentally, the same gun he had pulled last time. \"So cut the crap and give me my goddamn gold!\" A gun behind Steve drew back to be armed and ready to shoot. The Ukrainians had arrived. Steve held his hands up in surrender and they took his gun. \"Who the hell are you?\" Steve asked one of the Ukrainians who stood next to Charlie now. \"I am Mashkov... and you killed my cousin Yevhen,\" he said not so nicely. \"Got to have some insurance, Steve.\" Charlie said as he shrugged. The others stepped out from behind the door and stood by Charlie, who was smiling with arms folded in front of him.. Stella went and stood by Charlie. \"Yevhen was already dead when I got there. I'm sorry about that, but Yevhen dealt with a lot of unsavory people. Now, this guy is trying to play you. \" Steve said to Mashkov. \"You were right\" Mashkov said toCharlie. \"No imagination.\" \"There's a lot of gold in there. We're the only ones with guns. I'll make you a good deal.\" Steve said. Rob handed the case to Charlie and Charlie handed it to Mashkov. \"I've already made my deal.\" Mashkov said looking down at the case. Stella moved to stand infront of Steve. \"What do you want?\" Steve asked her. \"You know this was never about the gold,\" she said to him. \"Whatever helps you sleep at night sweetheart.\" he said to her snidely. She her hand collided with his face as soon as he was finished talking, and the Ukrainians took him away. \"Bitch. Charlie! Come on, Charlie!\" he pleaded. Charlie hugged Stella and the group walked back down the platform until we reached their private car. Charlie opened a bottle of champagne as the others stood around each other, talking about the heist. \"Guys, I want to make a toast.\" Charlie said coming over with the last two champagne glasses for Stella and himself. \"To John Bridger, the most brilliant master planner of all. Father and friend.\" \"To my dad.\" Stella said they all clinked the glasses together and drank. ","Summary":" A/n: Okay so I decided that until I get the muse back for my Indiana Jones story I'm going to post "},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Charlie and Stella's love story","Author":"the romantic girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7341035","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sudden light startled Stella. She had been so focused that she had forgot that she had been in the dark. She liked it this way, all alone and with no one to disturb her. She was one of the rare women in that area so she didn't like any man to sneak out on her and watch every move she made. Except her dad. Her father had always encouraged her and said that she can have every job she wanted and he would love her anyway. Well, he had said that the few moments he had been at home. She had loved him unconditionally. Her mother died before she started high school. School was a painful memory she didn't want to remember. Her father had bought her a small apartment from the money he had earned from his last robbery. He had got caught and had spent the following five years in prison. After school, she had gone to medical school. It was before… well, she thought she had spent enough time with memories and turned with an angry stare at the inspector. \" Do you always work in the dark?\" \"Makes me feel like I'm alone,\" answered she with accusation in the voice. After all, he had disturbed her in her bubble. The inspector looked at her with amazement before he looked at his watch and laughed. \" Not bad, Stella.\" She smiled in response while the other policemen went in. \" Purley couldn't crack that safe,\" said the young policewoman in admiration. \"Neither could Spears, \" replied the inspector. \" You know whom to call first, \" said the policewoman while taking pictures with her camera. The inspector put on the gloves, taking the occasion to flirt with the beautiful woman. \" You're expensive Stella. Those guys cut us a break on subpoena jobs, goodwill, community services…\" \" I do it for the money. I'll send you a bill,\" said Stella hurriedly. She felt that she didn't want to be compared to criminals since her business was a serious one. She rejected the advances of the old inspector, picked up her equipment and left. \" Don't you wanna see what's inside?\" asked the policewoman. \" I never look inside,\" said Stella over her shoulder. \" Have a good day!\" shouted she before she saluted George, the inspector in chief. She hurried to the office, Bridger Company that she owned. She had started it for a year ago. She was glad that she had quitted the medical school as she realised she was not fit for the blood and surgery. Her business was successful and had become so in less than a year. She hurried on the road, behind the wheel of her red Mini. It was a treasure she took good care of it. She got a good price for it because it needed to be repaired but once fixed, the car almost flied on the Philadelphian roads. She liked to drive fast and to sneak in everywhere. Her Mini was a perfect city car. She spotted an available parking place and took it. She went in through the glass doors, into the elegant shop. \" How long to crack it?\" the receptionist asked. \" Four minutes, 43 seconds,\" replied Stella proudly, giving her car keys. The receptionist gasped. \" You're the man.\" \"What's in the line-up?\" Stella interrupted. \"Todd Millikan called. He has a prototype lock he wants you to test. He said he added two false contact points on the tumbler.\" \"I'll pretend to be stumped for a second or two.\" \"And there's a Charlie Croker in your office. Says you know each other,\" added the receptionist. She thought it was strange that Stella could know a handsome guy like the one in her office. As far as she knew, Stella didn't go out with anybody. Stella was too elegant to hang out at nightclubs and cheap bars. She would stay at home and unlock her locks or something but never flirt. She was hopeful that Stella would find someone to spend her life with. Stella on her side wasn't so happy. Charlie Croker meant trouble. Big trouble. She had sworn that she would never see the man's face again after the terrible accident. She remembered it well. Charlie came to her house with sad eyes. He had told that her father was dead and had been murdered. She remembered that she had screamed at him, accusing him of the murder. He said it had been Steve that had betrayed them. He had run away and taken the gold. John was the only victim. Stella blamed Charlie for the murder and the last time she saw him was at the funeral. After that, she had cut all the lines and started Bridger, to honour her father and continue on his path, legally of course. Now he was here again, sign that her past will always haunt her. It was also jealousy she had felt because he had been the one that had seen him the most. He was of course the son her father never had. She calmed herself and opened the door to her office ready to attack. \"Charlie Croker.\" \"Hi Stella.\" He had a wide-open smile. Stella wanted to scream and rip that smile of his face. She thought he had no right to come here and smile when he knew what he had done. She had no idea how to handle it. Charlie was always smiling and joking. He was never angry or irritated. She could deal with irritated people but never relaxed and confident. And also he looked at her with interest, like she was an easy woman he could get in his bed quickly. She knew he was quite a Casanova but she didn't like to be treated like this. She had her dignity. Charlie was thrilled to see her. He had not seen her since the funeral. She had been really angry with him, blaming him for everything. Could she never understand that he loved him as much as she did? He had loved John and he had wanted the best for Stella. But she had rejected him. She had chosen to put a distance between them. She rolled her eyes and went to deposit the keys on her desk. \" Didn't I tell you I never want to see you again?\" She took off her jacket while she stared angrily at him hoping he would understand the look and leave her office and her life. \" It was when you told me my father died after you pulled him in for one last job.\" She turned her back to him and hoped he would feel guilty and leave. Charlie didn't want to get in conflict with her. He needed her for the mission. She was important for the plan but if she didn't want to be in it, he would find another way. But he was confident she would accept when he told the news. He sighed because she wasn't going to be easy to convince. \" We found him, Stella. He's in Los Angeles. The gold bricks he stole from us had a Balinese dancer stamped on them. My contact, Skinny Pete, says an LA dealer's been buying those bricks.\" Talking was nothing to Stella. She wanted proofs. \" Yeah? And how do you know it's him?\" \" Skinny Pete sent me this.\" He put the picture on the table. \" Steve changed his last name to Frizelli.\" She looked at the picture and guessed it must be him. Still, she had forgot Steve and everything to that mission. \" Why are you telling me all of this?\" \" I checked data bases behind high-end safe companies. I found that Steve had a Worthington 1000 delivered to his home office. You install a Worthington 1000 only if you've got something big to guard.\" \"No you don't.\" Stella was irritated now. She didn't know what he wanted to get at but she had her ideas. \" The problem is that no one on my crew can handle Steve's safe. I need somebody I can trust.\" He confirmed her doubts. He wanted her to help on the mission. She would not become like her father no matter how much she loved him. \" Look, I'm a safe involved technician. I'm not a thief.\" Like you she had wanted to say but she old her tongue. She couldn't understand why anyone who steal when money can be earned legally. This would be the thing she would never understand in her father. How he would continuously risk his life to take someone's belonging. \" It's not about the gold Stella. Okay? John was like a father to me too,\" said Charlie defensively. Stella was more moved that she wanted to show. The sound of her father's name opened a door in her heart, she thought closed. She was surprised at the harsh tone. The relaxed Charlie could raise his tone. She felt ashamed at the accusation. After all, if it were not about the gold, why would he want her there? \"Look. I'm sorry,\" excused Charlie. \"It just that I can't move on until I've set things right.\" Stella felt a dagger of pain through the heart. She had spent month in therapy to help her through the pain. She found out that it was better to forget and handle with the loss. She had said to herself it was safer to stay in the shadows. She put the photo away. \" I've moved on,\" said she before she turned her back to him again. Charlie took the picture and sighed. He had hoped to persuade her into this but apparently it didn't work. He took one last glance at her back and left.[Chapter 2] Stella was hesitant. Could she really do this without getting too much involved? After all, she would steal from someone else. She would become like her father. She had loved her father very much but he had never really been present to the great despair of her mother. She had married him hoping that his activities would stop but they only continued and in greater dimensions this time. When she came to the world, her father was in China for some robbery. She saw her father on and off. He would send her gifts to compensate the absence but when he was there, the gifts didn't matter anymore. He would soon be on his way again. He surprised her most when one year he came disguised as Santa and then pretended that it was the real one. She had thanked Santa for bringing her dad home. She had believed in Santa for a long time after that before she had discovered the truth. She had been disappointed that there wasn't anyone who could bring her dad except himself. Later on, they would write to each other and phone. She glanced at the last gift she had given her. The necklace from Venice. She had never worn out as she associated it with his death. Now she had the chance to wear it for another reason. To honour his death. After all, Steve never earned the money and it would be a pleasure to take it from him. And maybe, she would learn why her father found stealing so attractive. She picked up the phone and dialled the number. Charlie answered. \" Hello?\" \"I want to se the look on that man's face when his gold is gone. He took my father, I'm taking this.\" She said nothing else when she pressed the button. Charlie was a smart guy. He would understand the message. Charlie was glad. All was perfectly planned now. Stella was the best in the area and she would be a great help in term of commitment. She would give 100 % as the rest of the crew. \"She's in,\" announced to Rob. \"That's a good thing?\" Rob asked, insecure of the outcome. He knew by experience that chicks would always mess things up with their emotions. He wanted the gold as much as the revenge. \"She's very good. She can crack a Worthington 1000 without flinching.\" \"I'm not sure hiring a civilian's good idea Charlie.\" \"She's got the skills and the motivation, \" said Charlie encouragingly. He could not admit that he also wanted to get to know her better as they had met but never talked properly. He never got the chance before so maybe this was his chance. \"Exactly.\" Nothing like a woman could be a pain in the ass. \"She's emotional. You know what happens after.\" \" Don't kid yourself. All right? We're all emotional on this one.\" He wanted to change subject, as he couldn't convince Rob of the good idea. \" Let's go.\" Rob rolled his eyes in defeat. If Charlie wanted it in that way, then the responsibility was on him. But he still thought it was a bad idea. \" Are you ready?\" Charlie challenged. \" Course I am.\" Rob laughed playfully. Charlie made a move. \"You're not ready,\" he said before he scored, winning the game. The red Mini was flying on the road, leaving the big city. Charlie had proposed to take her there but since he didn't have a car, they took her car instead. Charlie was surprised of the speed of the car and the energy of the person driving it. Stella might seem like a calm and naïve girl but only he knew how unpredictable she could be. He observed at her from the corner of the eye at the same time he was keeping an eye on the road. The reason he didn't have a car was that he hated driving. He preferred the comfortable seat of a bus or a cab. Stella didn't seem to notice him but kept both eyes nailed at the road. He could see she was tensed by the stabile and shaky hands on the wheel. They arrived at the meeting place in advance. \" That was quick, \" stated Charlie as a matter of fact. Stella took at impatient look at the surroundings. \" Where are they?\" \" We're a little early. I didn't expect us to get here quite that fast.\" Stella chuckled at his amazement. She was a woman and she could drive as fast as anybody else. But the crew started to appear and Charlie talked proudly about his crew and told their occupations. First Lyle, a man Stella saw as nerdy. His huge bike was obviously not fit for him. After that came Left ear and Handsome Rob, which she thought wasn't so handsome at all. He smiled a knowing smile at her, the type of smiles men believed who make women fall at their feet. As she heard their stories, she was curious on how Charlie got his start. He told her that he had stolen from people since his was little. She could see him, in his diaper, stealing candy from his brother. Stella knew he had one brother, one year older. Her father had told her that he was a cop and she had laughed till her cheeks were wet with tears. Such irony! She saw Charlie saluting his friends with manly hug. She knew he wouldn't be easy to be the only girl among testosterone. Charlie introduced them and they nodded appreciatively to her. Charlie asked about phone and ID's. It was important not to get caught. They would Philadelphia for Los Angeles on the morrow with equipment and false paper. She looked at her ID and saw that her name was Angela Gibson. Funny considering that Angela was the girl who used to bully her in primary school. But she cleared her head and focused on the mission. Meanwhile the boys joked with each other as they were leaving.[Chapter 3] The morrow brought a new day and it also brought Los Angeles. Stella felt that this was new to her, as she never took time to travel anywhere. Los Angeles had another spirit, more vivacity one could say. She was so fascinated by L.A that she almost forgot why she was here. Then she remembered Steve and the mission. She hurried to the meeting place and excused herself for her late arrival. \" We gotta work on to get Steve out of the house. Stella, how much time do you need for the Worthington?\" Charlie asked like she had been there all the time. \" 5 minutes flat, \" estimated she. \" Don't' be cocky young lady,\" intervened Rob. \" It's not the same as opening a safe for the police.\" Charlie felt a small vague of irritation coming up in him. He didn't want any fights. He knew Stella could make it; besides, she was their only hope. \"Perspiration on your fingertips, your heart's pounding in your ears. Whole different ball game.\" Rob ended his tirade, ignoring Charlie's irritated look. He needed to set the record straight. She was used to safe, innocent safes but this was a crime, goddamnit! Stella allowed herself to calm and to not fight with this rude Rob. \" I appreciate your concern. I'll be fine.\" \"Just remember, this is the easy part, \" warned Charlie.\" it is the getaway that can get us caught.\" \" What's the schedule?\" Left Ear asked. As Charlie explained the schedule, Stella was amazed of how much expertise there was in a robbery. Charlie took care of every detail, such things a normal thief would never consider. She had no idea a man so mysterious could be so interesting. After all, they were practically brother and sister. The meeting was over and they went back to the hotel. The next day, Stella was free to do whatever she wanted as the men were occupied with research and investigation on Steve. She spent the day in the city; eating hot dogs and watching the people walk on the street. She wasn't much for monuments. When she would be at a new place, she would observe the people occupying it. They had a meeting on the hotel roof o and she was currently contemplating the sun playing its shadows on the buildings. She was interrupted by the entrance of Charlie, Lyle, Left Ear and Rob. Rob was discussing traffic and his research when she couldn't stop herself from commenting. \" Wait, you couldn't get trough traffic?\" He looked at her and couldn't come up with a clever response. She smiled, amused of getting Rob into silence. \" You could do anything with green lights all the way,\" said Left ear with a simple statement. Left Ear had the amazing gift of knowing what was the right word to say in the right situations. Charlie turned to Lyle as the other did. They all looked at him expectantly and he laughed in defeat. \" I'll see what I can do.\" Charlie smiled, pleased. Later that evening, Charlie decided to see how Stella was doing. She wasn't so busy as the rest was and he wanted to see if she was bored. He knocked on the door, under the sign 4209. He was nervous. He had knocked on doors before, especially on door belonging to women but somehow this was more frightening than ever mission he ever done. He reasoned himself it was just Stella, daughter to John Bridger, the man he had started to think as a father. He got to know Stella 6 years before John's death. She was then just starting at the medical school and was an ambitious woman. They were introduced and they liked each other. Charlie remembered that they went on a date but their beginning acquaintance was interrupted by another mission. He had seen her afterwards, at John's funeral. She was more reserved and seemed shyer. The illusion was soon broken by her unstoppable fury, when she saw him for the last time, making him responsible for her father's death. He had tried to argue that it wasn't his fault and that Steve was the one who betrayed them. But she wouldn't listen and was again out of his life. Now she was back and more beautiful than ever. He knocked once more, as he couldn't hear here coming or responding. He got nervous, thinking something had happened. He tried to open the door and find it was open. When he entered, the most amazing sight was offered to him. Stella had her back turned at him, and he could see her well even thought it was half dark in the room. She only wore tight shorts and a bra. He stopped to contemplate the picture before he put one gentle hand on her shoulder. Stella startled and she turned around with red cheeks. He could see why she hasn't heard him. The headphones were at her ear, stopping every contact from the reality. Stella thought she would die. She had been so absorbed in her work that she hadn't remark the gesture in the room. It could have been a murderer and she wouldn't have moved a muscle. She felt embarrassed and relieved at the same time. It was only Charlie. \" Jesus! Charlie! How do you get in here?\" He chuckled. \" I knocked but you didn't answer.\" He tried not to peak but he was amused at her embarrassment. Her cheeks were red of shame and she tried to cover the naked skin with her arms. \" So you let yourself in?\" Stella felt trapped and naked. She looked desperately for a shirt or a top to cover her. She was only in her underwear! In front of Charlie! \" I was just checking if you were okay. I apologize, I just…\" Charlie stammered an answer. To see her embarrassed moved him more that he could have guessed. He wanted to say that it was okay, she didn't need to be so embarrassed for him but the deed was already done. Stella saw a black top over her desk and clumsily started to put in on. \" Don't look,\" said Stella angrily as Charlie turned to her once more. She felt that Charlie enjoyed the moment. Stella realised that a wall has fallen and she didn't like it. Charlie had seen her in her private bubble. She thought it strange that she was ashamed to be seen like this in front of Charlie, he was after all a good friend of her father. She was finished with the top and she felt safe when he couldn't see her bra. She rearranged her hair quickly and told him that the danger was over. \"Ok.\" He turned around, glad of the permission to look at her. She still was beautiful, with pink cheeks and messy hair. He looked her more than the professional style she had when he had visited her in Philadelphia. Now he knew how the real Stella was. He avoided to look at her in the eyes and glanced at her equipment. \" You got a lot of stuff here. Your dad was old school. Did the all thing by touch.\" \" That worked for him. This works for me,\" said Stella evadingly, not willing to talk about her father's work. \" Technology guarantee speed and accuracy, you know.\" \" There's no guarantee in this business, Stella.\" Charlie couldn't believe how the mission would work if Stella couldn't make it. But he was curious why she worked without connection to the reality. \" Why the headphones?\" \" Just training myself. Ambient noises, you know. Just in case.\" Stella felt that Charlie got infected by his friend Rob and she wanted to make him realise that she was prepared for this. He nodded appreciatively and they went silenced. Stella realised that Charlie had a purpose when he came to talk to them. He was always direct and precise. Stella liked this about him that he didn't beat around the bushes like the other guys; flirting and smirking all round the place before they got anywhere. \" What do you want Charlie?\" she asked. \" We're gonna knock out Steve's cable. We're gonna send in a repairmen.\" \" To get your video blueprint of the interior.\" \" Yeah. The only problem is that Steve thinks we're all dead.\" Stella saw his point. She was the only who had not met Steve in person. He was asking her to do the job as the repairmen. \" Except me.\" The determined look on his face was asking the unsaid question. She decided to give it a try. \" I'll do it Charlie. I'm in all the way. Whatever it takes.\" He nodded in agreement. \" All right. I'd set it up.\" Stella thought that Charlie's demands were gentle orders. They were never direct but the idea behind them was that it was important. Stella was sorry for the girls under his spell. He could make them dance at their feet, hypnotizing them without them knowing it. \" Okay.\" She thought that the conversation was over when he spoke up. \" Hum, you want to get a drink downstairs with me before I get back to my room?\" The question surprised her. Of what her father had told, Charlie never asked women for a drink. They asked him. A drink was also a step further between the friends and dating. She thought it sweet and she was sure she could have a good time with Charlie. But she knew she couldn't get into something now because the revenge was more important and she had to finish with her \"stuff\". \" Listen, I should this stuff up. Just get it all done tonight.\" Charlie's mood sunk. He has prepared to have a nice drink with Stella, get to know her and discuss secrets over a fancy glass of wine. But it was too early to do anything, at least have a date with Stella. \"Okay. Sorry I scared you.\" \" It's ok.\" Stella saw that he wasn't sorry at all. And she thought he wasn't okay. Her privacy had been invaded and she smiled despite the fact that she had been almost naked. \" Goodnight,\" bid he. The pleased smile didn't escape Stella and her cheeks were flushed again. That look and that smile were proper to men and signified that they had the upper hand. It was those of a tiger before he attacked his prey. And Stella realised she was the prey. Charlie would be dangerous. The danger was that he would never say or do anything. Just wait for the right moment to attack. Stella was a brave woman but she feared what would happen next and not only with the mission. But despite the earlier thoughts, she thought she didn't mind. After all, it had been a long time since she had been with a man. Maybe… \"Bye.\"[Chapter 4] Stella was restless one hour after that. She had finished with the safe and she couldn't sleep. Maybe she should have had a drink with Charlie. After all, nothing would happen if she didn't let it. Charlie, she knew, would still be awake at this hour, preparing for the morrow. She put on her simple black dress together with pumps. She had taken casual clothes except for this one. She thought it might be useful for the mission. She was decided. She would accept his invitation for a drink, they would go downstairs and have a drink and then go back to their rooms. Nothing would happen, just a nice conversation among friends. She went to his room, which was on the end of corridor, number 4214. She knocked on the door and she didn't have to wait long before somebody opened it. Charlie was standing in front of her, in only black boxer shorts. Stella had an unprovoked look at his chest. He was well built, the naked skin showed the chocolate tablets Charlie so superbly hided under his clothes. His arms didn't mask the imperious biceps, often hidden behind a jacket or shirt Her cheeks got flushed again and she smiled. His look was confused and he stared at her, impossible to move. Finally, she decided to spoke. \" Hello again Charlie. I…I decided to accept your offer.\" He blinked in confusion. \" Offer?\" \" Yes, to have a drink,\" she said slowly, to make sure he understood. He woke up from his absence and shacked his head. \" Oh yeah the drink. Just give me one minute. Come in if you like.\" He went to the bathroom, leaving the door wide open. She stepped in and looked around in the room. His room was similar to her, only that the walls have a mild blue tone. The room was clean and nothing was on the floor or the table. It seemed like no one lived there but Charlie kept his things in the bedroom as she could see from the main room. Charlie wasn't joking when he spoke about one minute. He was back in no time, dressed in jeans and a black shirt. His aftershave came to her nose and she breathed in the nice smell. \" Shall we go then?\" Charlie urged. They left the room and went downstairs to the hotel bar. The bar was a large room with the bar in the middle and elegant sofas around. Stella sat down on one sofa and Charlie went to order their drinks. He chose red wine because he felt that this was needed. Stella was too unique and special to order some snobbish cocktail. He went back with a bottle of wine and two glasses. Stella was laid back in the sofa, with her eyes fixed on the room. She didn't remark him when he sat down. \" Hello! What are you looking at?\" He waved his hand in front of her face. She sat up and chuckled nervously. \" Oh nothing. I was just looking at people. It is my favourite occupation when I am at a new place.\" \" Why do you do that? Is that to avoid looking at your partner?\" He smiled playfully. \" No, it is just to learn the place you are at. I believe that you can't be at a place without knowing the people living at that place, you know. It is how the people dress, behave and talk that you understand the value of a place.\" \" I know the feeling. When you are going to steal a lot of money, you need to know the people and how they are watching the money. It isn't just about stealing the money, that is the easy part but about the way you do it.\" She observed him more attentively now. She had grown with the idea that stealing was bad and you got in prison for it. Her father was the proof that what he did was a crime. But Charlie seemed so dedicated, like it was a philosophy of life. Stealing meant to have something the other had. She couldn't understand why Charlie was stealing so much when he seemed to have everything already. \" Why do you steal Charlie? Are you jealous that others have what you don't have or just like the danger in it?\" Stella found it impossible to think that Charlie was a bad man. After all, their missions didn't include any weapons. They just took the money and left. He reflected a few seconds before he answered. \" Your father always said that there are two kind of thieves in this world. The ones who steal to enrich their lives and the ones who steal to defines their lives.\" \" And which one are you?\" she asked as she drank the last drop in her wine. Charlie poured more wine in her glass and smiled at her mischievously. \" I don't know actually. I'm still trying to find out if I have missed something in life. When I was young, I would take everything. Chocolate bars, movies, telephones. When I grew up, I realised that I didn't need objects. I wanted money. I believed that money could buy everything. And it did. I would buy power, elegance, and love even. But it soon came to nothing. Then I met your father on a boat to Rome and he made stealing sound so different. I sold everything, villa, car, boat and explored my idea of stealing. So I would say the first.\" Stella felt that her head became fuzzy and she wanted to leave. To hear about her father again made her sentimental. \" Charlie, I need to get back to my room now. I can't stand it anymore. She stood up but her legs couldn't keep her upright and she pressed her hand against the wall for support. Charlie was soon at her side and helped walk. \" Of course we can do that. We'll be soon back to your room.\" They took the lift and were soon in front of her room. She released herself from his arms and tried to open the door. She was surprised when it was locked. She didn't remember that she had locked it. Charlie took the keys and opened the door for her. \" Do you want help?\" he asked as he followed her in. \" No, I'm okay.\" But legs couldn't resist her weight and she would have fallen if it were not for Charlie. \" You're not okay. Let's put you into bed.\" She mumbled an \"okay\" and let herself be helped by Charlie. He put her to bed, taking of her shoes. \" Thank you Charlie. I had such a wonderful evening.\" A tired smile crossed her lips and she looked at him. Charlie smiled back to her. \" I had too Stella. Goodnight.\" \" Goodnight,\" mumbled she before she fell asleep. Charlie watched her sleeping face and resisted the desire to kiss her closed eyes. It was not time for that. Not yet. Next day was a busy day and Stella put on the uniform that Rob had got for her. She went to the garage and took one service truck. She stopped at the directed place and looked out for any suspect people. At the same time, Charlie came and took the passenger seat. They drove to Steve's place and Charlie and Stella took their place in the van with the others. Charlie called the guard and announced the free technician with a glance at Stella. Charlie ended the conversation and Rob spoke up. \" This is all the paperwork you need. Just give it to him to sign and date it,\" explained he as he gave her the material. \" Let's check out the camera,\" demanded Charlie. Lyle handed over the pin and he watched the American flag containing the camera. \" Stella, you'll be going patriotic today.\" He gave it back to Lyle who tried clumsily to put t on Stella's shirt. \" Make sure you walk slowly or the image'll streak,\" Charlie instructed. Unfortunately, Lyle pierced Stella's breast and she repressed a scream of pain. \" I'm sorry,\" said Lyle in excuse, a bit ashamed. \"It's okay,\" said Stella. \" Sorry. Couldn't pin the corsage on my prom date either.\" \" You had a prom date?\" Rob asked in disbelief. \" It was his cousin,\" joked Left Ear. \" There's cable in the kitchen, living room, bedroom and the cable modem the office,\" explained Charlie as he skilfully pinned the camera on her shirt. \" You need to locate the safe in the office.\" \" Okay,\" said she, a bit stressed and panicked. \" I think you're very brave, going in there. I know it won't be easy,\" intervened Rob helpfully. Rob started to like the woman and he could understand why Charlie liked her too. \"I second that,\" said Left Ear. Stella looked at the worried faces around her and smiled. \" It's going to be fine.\" Charlie laughed and she asked why. \" You know what fine stands for. Freaked out, insecure… \" Neurotic and emotional,\" completed Stella. She remembered her father's famous words . She felt glad that for the first time, she wasn't sad about her father. She knew she was about to revenge his death. Charlie had finished with the camera and smiled at her. \" You'll be great.\" \" Yeah.\" Stella agreed with little conviction. It felt that she was left to lions and Charlie felt the same thing. He couldn't imagine what could happen to Stella if Steve found out. Steve was armed and they weren't but Charlie knew that he would defend Stella with his bare arms if it were necessary.[Chapter 5] Stella drove trough to the gate and was accepted. She drove inside and she jumped when the dogs came to her side. Steve came out and called them to retreat. Stella saw Steve, dressed in a loose shirt and jogging pants. He went forward to the car. \" Come on, they won't bother you now,\" shouted he across the yard. The sight of him made her bones crumple but she mentally decided to calm herself and went out of the car when the dogs were gone. She smiled with warm when she came up with a joke. \" It's okay. I'm used to running into all kind of animals on my job.\" The guys in the truck laughed at the joke heartedly but Steve looked at her, uncertain for one second before he offered his hand. \" Steve Frizelli.\" \" Becky.\" He starred at her with curious eyes. The kinds of eyes men have when they like something, Stella thought. She accepted that Charlie could look at her in that way but not Steve. \" Want to show me that problem?\" \" Of course. This way.\" They went inside and Stella looked around in the house, as she was instructed to do. \" You've a really nice house.\" \" 1922. All the original tiles. Every stone in that courtyard from some monastery in Seville,\" said he proudly. \" You don't seem impressed?\" \" It's just that I think luggage rocks from one place to another isn't quite that interesting, you know. It doesn't quite do it for me,\" said she, hoping to scare off the eager interest Steve seemed had for her. \" What does do it for you?\" She searched for an answer, an answer a stupid cable girl could give. \" TV's.\" \" I have a monster TV. It's not working right now but…\" \" I should probably check the cable modem,\" interrupted she. \"Yeah? Ok, right. Over here.\" He walked to the modem next to his mahogany desk. \" I paid thirty grand for some punk kid to install it. One day it just goes out. I'm going to have him strung up.\" She perceived the door hiding the safe and went to open the door while Steve had his back turned at her. The camera recorded the safe and she played innocent. \" Got any wirings trough here?\" \" There's no wirings in there,\" said Steve in an annoyed tone. He closed the door firmly and she played confused again. She went to the modem. \" It's just right there?\" He explained the problem and stopped once more to look at her. \" I bet people are surprised when they go to open the door for the cable man and find you standing there.\" Stella smelled flirting long way. She was the kind of guy that never abandoned the fight no matter how much she refused. He would only continue when she asked him to stop. Back at the van, Charlie became angry. What right did he have to hit on her? Charlie admitted that Steve had good taste but his flirting tactics were awful. \" There's no problem here. I should just check the TV's,\" concluded Stella. Steve showed her the way and she went to check the TV's. She had no idea on how to check a TV but she moved a few buttons behind. \" I see that you have the ABM processor,\" said she in an attempt to sound professional. \" Only the best.\" Stella checked the box and explained the process to Steve. \" I'm just gonna reset the system. Sometimes these things just get jammed up, you know?\" She pushed a button. \" That should do it.\" \" It's fixed?\" Steve asked, incredulous. \" Turn her on and let's see.\" Steve turned on the TV, landing on the South Asian markets. \" Perfect.\" He observed her more attentively. \" Becky, uh? Have we met before?\" \" No I don't think so.\" She hoped she could hide the fear she had when he found out who she really was. Maybe she looked like her father. She gave him the paper work. \" If you can just sign there.\" \" If I asked you to dinner, would I be the first among your customers to ever do that?\" Steve asked as he handed back the signed papers. \" Did you ask your last cable guy out for a date?\" He smiled. \" No but the last guy was like 300 pounds with a handlebar moustache, you know. Not my type.\" \"It's not a good idea,\" said she evadingly. She was scared now because she didn't know if she had to accept or not. If the date weren't in Charlie's plans then she would mess up the all mission. \" Is that some cable company rule?\" Steve asked a bit irritated. He was obviously not often refused. Stella could guess that the ladies were quite interested by his money. She was probably the first girl ever to refuse, even with the knowledge of his money. \" No actually it's just my rule. I don't go out with strange men. I just met you five minutes ago.\" \" I guess I have to sabotage my cable until we get to know each other well enough.\" Stella chuckled. This man would never give up! She smiled a nice-to-meet-you-goodbye smile. \" Have a nice day,\" concluded she before she walked out of the room. \" Come on, I'll be a perfect gentleman,\" beg he. \" I promise. I won't even ask for your phone number. I just meet you. Anywhere you wanna go. Come on. Break your rule. Just once.\" She was almost out of the house when she turned around, annoyed. \" Just dinner,\" pleaded Steve. Stella looked around the house and smiled approvingly. Steve recognized the look, the look with woman agreeing. They all had the same. \" Is that a yes?\" He smiled in victory when the girl was out of the room. There was a decided woman. He liked challenges, he always did. He knew he would have a nice time with this woman. Stella drove out of the area and pulled her van behind Charlie's van. She couldn't believe she was alive. He could have find out and killed her. She was shaking, aware of the fact that the hand she had shaken had killed her father. She apologized to her father for the dishonour she gave him. But she would have her revenge. Charlie went out to check on Stella. \" You OK?\" asked he in concern. She fought hard not to scream and cry. \" Yeah. He touched my hand. He came on to me.\" Steve was like a slimy frog, she thought. She had no idea how she could have accepted it but it was the mission that was important. \" Hey, at least I created a window of opportunity, right?\" She chuckled when she thought that a date could be an opportunity. She couldn't have said no. So she was bound to spend an evening with Steve. \" When he goes out Friday night, we go in. By the time he realises you've stood him up, we'll be long gone with that gold.\"[Chapter 6] They went back to the hotel to prepare for the important mission that waited. But it was interrupted by the unexpected presence of a party nearby. Stella knew at that moment that Charlie was panicked and she agreed that she was late. She would go to that date. She choose among the best of her casual clothes and put them on. She was insecure of the outcome because this was something unplanned and she had to pretend to be Becky for a while. But she could blurt out something that would adventure the all mission. She hurried to the restaurant, 10 minutes late. Steve didn't seem suspicious but her late arrival confirmed her identity of hard woman to catch. They talked about casual things, mostly about him and she let him talk most of the time till he asked her about her background. She told about adventures and bungee jumping and hiking and he was surprised to discover the manly side of her. This wasn't true of course but Steve couldn't know that. \" I can't imagine you doing that,\" expressed he with serious surprise. \" What's that supposed to mean?\" she asked with played exasperation. \" Well, you don't seem like the adventurous type, you know.\" \" Don't let the cable uniform throw you,\" she said with a flirting tone. \" I wasn't making assumptions,\" excused he. \" I've made some about you,\" said she as she crossed her arms and looked at him intensively in the eyes. \" Oh really? And?\" She smiled mischievously. \" You just have to wait and see.\" His forehead was marked with deep lines. He seemed to consider what he would say next to make her interested. Stella could see the frustration and desire dance in his eyes. \" Why wait? Let's go back to my place. No assumptions,\" invited he. \" Not tonight. It's late. I should go home.\" The date has only been one hour but she couldn't stand the actress role, she wanted to get back to Stella and kill Steve right in the restaurant instead of playing some idiotic woman. \" You have a cable company curfew?\" \" No but I've made some bad calls in the past. We should take this maybe a little bit slower.\" And that was true. She had met with guys like Steve before. Selfish, pride, egocentric men who saw women as objects or tools to earthy happiness. She knew that Steve would have thrown her out when he would have got bored but she hoped that he would let her go so she could go back to the hotel and cry out her pain and anger. \" Lovely dinner, sparkling conversation. Still don't trust me?\" \" I trust everyone. It's the devil inside them that I don't trust.\" She blurt out with the famous sentence her father had told her so many times without noticing the sparkle of interest in Steve's eyes. \" That's an interesting saying. It's charming. Where'd you pick that up?\" Stella couldn't remember that Steve knew it too and was on his guard, suspecting something strange with the charming woman. \" Can't remember,\" said she naively. \" Really? I knew a guy who said it exactly like that.\" \" Really?\" \" Yeah.\" By this time, Becky's evasive answers convinced Steve of the truth. She was John Bridger's daughter and she was not here by accident. He felt foolish to be tricked like this especially by a young woman, especially by a young woman he had hoped to introduce to his bed. Shame. They would have had a nice time together. \" He's the only person I've ever heard say that. He said it all the time. His name was John Bridger.\" Stella continued to smile despite she felt that he had caught her. Her doubts were not wrong when Steve stopped Stella's arm and held it with a firm grip. \" You're hurting my wrist,\" complained she as she could feel the angry energy flow trough his hand and hurting her, probably leaving a red mark on her skin. \" He had a daughter and she was about your age.\" She could no longer hide her disgust and she stared at him with angry and murderous eyes. \" Let go of my wrist,\" implored she as a last attempt to play Becky. \" I knew there was something familiar about you. You're exactly like your old man. I liked him too. Right from the start. I liked him right up until the minute I shot him.\" Tears were threatening to roll down on Stella's cheeks but she controlled them. She didn't want to appear weak in front of Steve. He finally let go of her wrist and the skin was red after Steve's hand. \"Who are you working with?\" She hit the water bottle on purpose, producing a little sound that was the signal. Charlie and the crew appeared like ghosts, walking dangerously to the table. \" She's with us,\" affirmed Charlie. Steve gasped, deeply stunned by the view of the men he had considered dead. He fell back in the chair, cursing himself for his stupidity. Charlie was like a fly, never dead until you completely killed it. Stella rose from her chair, comforted by the presence of the crew. \" The gang's all here,\" confirmed Steve. \" The only thing worse than a thief is a…coward,\" said Stella slowly. \" Then you should've seen the way your dad begged for his life,\" said Steve comfortably. He had found her weakness and she hated that. She threw herself at his throat, ready to kill him with her bare hands. She was held back by Rob's strong arms and Charlie's. Charlie stroked her arms in support. \" He's not worth it.\" \" Put a leash to your cat,\" said Steve with a conceited smile. Rob dragged her to the car, forcing her to calm herself down. Outside, the tears couldn't stop her and she buried her head on Rob's shoulders. He held her like a friend, stroking her gently on her back. \" He's not worth it Sweetheart. He will found his punishment soon enough, \" assured Rob with his deep smoky voice. \" He killed my father and he is freaking proud of it! I would kill him now if I had the chance.\" \" Don't worry. All that matter is that we get the gold. Steve will be so depressed that he will kill himself with a stone from his monastery house.\" Stella laughed behind the flood of tears and she smiled to Rob. \" Thank you. I don't know what I had done if you weren't here.\" She kissed him on the cheek and went into the car. Rob proposed to drive her to the hotel but she refused, explaining that she wanted to be alone. Rob saw her driving away and he regretted that he couldn't have her but he was glad for Charlie, happy even, that he had such a wonderful woman.[Chapter 7] Stella reached the hotel in tears. She hurried to her room and put on her favourite jumper. Exercising on a safe always made her better but it was pointless now. Everything she thought about and everything she did reminded of her father. Memories of him came back to the surface. She saw him standing there, the day she got out of high school. He was so pride of his girl. She saw him also when she rode on a bike for the first time, a perfect green one with flowers on. He had not been there all the time but he had been there at the important events. He wouldn't be here the day she got married nor the day her first child would come to the world. She realised that she didn't know so much about him. He was not an every day father, asking her about how the day was. She didn't know anything of importance. Only the things she got to learn when he was here. He had spent more time with Charlie than with her. She was disturbed in her thoughts by a knock and knew it was Charlie. She didn't feel good enough to smile so she just waited for him to say something. She crossed her arms over her chest, as protection against this cold that would never leave. Charlie sat down on the bed next to her. \" How you doing?\" he asked gently. She nodded. \" Good. Considering the fact that I'm doing all of this for a man I barely knew.\" She could see or maybe understand why she had behaved so badly against Charlie. He was the wished son and she was the daughter he always had but never saw. \" You know what bothered me all those years Charlie? It was that whenever he'd call me to tell me he was on some job, I knew you were right there with him.\" She bumped his shoulder with her own and came to her conclusion. \" You got to know him a lot better than I did.\" Charlie, quiet until now, spoke with sincerity. \" Just because he was around me doesn't mean he wasn't thinking about you all the time.\" \" Would be nice if it was true.\" She was very sceptic of her father's love. \" It is true, confirmed Charlie. \" He always regretted not having been a good enough father for you Stella.\" Stella felt her eyes water again. It was so sweet. So adorable of Charlie to say that. \" How do you know that?\" \" Because he told me.\" She smiled, deeply happy to have such confirmation that her father really loved her. She knew it was true because Charlie would never lie, not about that. She looked down and remarked that his right hand was swollen and red. \" What did you do to your hand?\" He sighed heavily. \" I punched Steve,\" said he in a mortified tone. Like he was sorry that he had to punch him. The truth was that Charlie disliked violence and did everything to avoid it but in this case, it had been necessary. \" Why do you get to punch him and I don't?\" she questioned in frustration. \" 'Cause those hands are too valuable, replied he with serious concern. Stella chuckled, even though it wasn't a joke. Charlie stroked his hand up and down on Stella's back, like Rob had done earlier. Charlie pulled her close to her and kissed her on the forehead. He caressed her blond hair. \" You OK?\" \" Yeah.\" He stood up and bad her goodnight and went for the door. Halfway across the room, Stella called him. \" Charlie?\" He turned around. \" Yes?\" \" Thank you. Thank you for everything.\" He hurried back to her and kneeled to be face to face. He took her face in his hands and pressed a quick kiss on her lips. \" You never have to thank me for anything. You deserve to be happy, Stella. Your father would have wanted this too.\" Stella didn't answer but instead threw herself in his arms. She put her arms behind his neck and buried her face in his shoulders. He was taken aback but kept the balance and got back on his knees. He had his arms around her, holding her body tightly against his. They stayed like this for a couple of minutes until Stella lifted her head and looked Charlie in the eyes. \" Charlie, I…\" \" Schhh.\" I understand. I see you tomorrow. Good night.\" He left, without looking at her or touching her before leaving. Stella sat back on the bed. She couldn't believe what just have happened. She could still feel the heat from Charlie's embrace and the quick kiss on her lips. She could still feel her heart pumping. The desire to be in someone's arms, to be held was strong and she could have stayed in his arms forever. This was a feeling she missed. She had her fair share of men during the years but never had she such intensity and such need to feel someone holding her as she felt with Charlie. Confused and lost, she went to bed that night without finding sleep.[Chapter 8] The next day they were parked in the street, ready to drive with the minis. The truck 128 set as the one carrying the gold, Rob joined the other minis. Lyle manoeuvred with the truck and the three Minis could soon see the truck driving past them. Lyle gave the flag and the three cars took a turn and drove on the sidewalk, scaring the shopping people. The cars drove on the famous stars, blind to nothing other than the road to the underground. The cars arrived to the station and drove down the stairs. They skilfully drove along the tunnel and arrived to the metro. The three cars managed to arrive before the train and Lyle stopped the metro in the path, stopping everybody to come via the metro. Stella had the time to see a couple watching anxiously trough the window. They stopped at the set area and loaded themselves with the material such as gloves and other necessary objects like guns (for Rob, in case he said) Wrench was in position and the truck soon came his way. Steve had the eye on the truck until it mysteriously disappeared. Left Ear had pushed the button and the truck was now underground, just in front of Stella. They put the drivers to sleep the drivers and opened the door. Stella gasped. \" We have another problem guys?\" \" What?\" Charlie asked in panic. \" This is not the Worthington 1000.\" \" What?\" Left Ear said in astonishment. \" He switched safes on us,\" burst Stella angrily. \" Can you do it?\" Charlie asked in concern. \" It's Israeli made. It's got a glass relock system. There's a pane of glass right here, behind this door. If I don't drill perfectly, steel rods snap into place and we can't open the safe. Then we're up shit creek.\" She started with the drill and stopped she heard a weird sound. She was death scared that the glass was broken but she guessed it was just crackled. She shared her opinions to Charlie. \" I think I just cracked the glass. I don't think it broke, though. I can't drill it again. I have to do it by touch.\" She started with the process, using the same techniques as her father had used. She was uncomfortable, used to the technology she handled so well. She panicked and ripped of her upper buttons. She was stressed by the nervous looks of Rob and Left ear. \" I can't do this Charlie. I need a drill or a borescope or something to get in there.\" \" Come on Charlie,\" urged Rob. \" You can do this.\" He took her small hand and set it back on the lock. She calmed herself and cleared her head. This gold would be hers, she knew it! She let her feelings and her good ears decide. She closed her eyes until suddenly \" Click!\" She opened the door and turned around. This has been her reflex when she had opened every safe. Otherwise she was a thief. The guys hurried to make the material ready and load the gold. \" Hey don't you wanna see what's inside?\" he asked, as he stopped to check on her. \" Absolutely, \" said she with a satisfied smile. Before her was the gold, shining like the sun. Charlie asked Lyle how much money there was. He calculated rapidly in his head. \" 2.7 million.\" \" What?\" Charlie shouted in disbelief and surprise. \" No! That's 27. That's 27 million. That's 27 million dollar worth of gold!\" Lyle shouted happily. Back at the safe, Rob laughed very much pleased and the others were smiling of pure joy. So Steve had lied after all. They loaded the gold quickly and were soon in the cars again. They drove along the metro roads and Charlie looked at the sky and smiled. \" What do you think John?\" Stella smiled. Her father was probably laughing right now in heaven. Rob and Left Ear were shouting and laughing. The spirit was up now that the gold were in the cars. Charlie opened the doors to the big tunnels and they started the cars and continued. They discovered that they were followed. The two motorcycles were quickly behind them and the first one started to shoot with a gun. Rob got mad and he expertly made the motorcycle to trip over and the driver was crushed by the heavy motorcycle. The second driver avoided his friend and continued with the shooting. Rob and left Ear avoided the shots but the Mini was hit. They arrived at the end of the tunnel and Charlie warned them about the fall. They Minis landed on their feet. Rob made an elegant turn and commanded left Ear to open the door. The motorcycle driver tripped over his bike and landed in the water.[Chapter 9] They moved on under the sound of the helicopter. They drove across the golf fields and landed on the main roads With Lyle's help, they managed to circulate between the cars and Charlie directed to Stella and Rob to drive to the Union station. They did so and pulled their cars into the wagons. They didn't have to wait long for Charlie because he arrived 15 minutes after. They left the cars and took only a small suitcase. Wrench had strict orders and they went on to find Mashkov, who waited for them a bit further down the local. They knew Steve would come so they got a little surprise. Skinny Pete wasn't kidding when said you were not supposed to joke with Ukrainians. Charlie couldn't imagine how much pain Steve would receive by this guys. They handed him the case, with the money required. It was a fair deal. Mashkov was smiling with all his teeth in sight. He obviously thought this very funny. They circled the wagon together and entered the other side. Now it was only to wait that Wrench would do his part of the job. The moment of surprise was on. Steve's open mouth confirmed that Charlie had the overhand. \" I've got to hand it to you Steve. You played this one really smart. Decoy trucks, you switched safes, the helicopter routine. I mean, that was pretty damn good. And now I've got the gold, and you, you got nothing,\" narrated Charlie proudly. Steve pulled out his gun in fury. \"I've got this, so cut the crap and give me my goddamn gold!\" Charlie didn't flinch for very long because bigger weapons were soon on Steve's head. Steve had a deep line on his forehead, very taken aback by the guns on his head. A bearded man came to stand next to Charlie. Steve wondered if he had done something wrong in an earlier life because he had never seen this people before. \" Who the hell are you?\" \" I am Mashkov. You killed my cousin Yevhen.\" \" You've got some insurance Steve,\" joked Charlie. The second door opened and out came the rest of the crew. Left Ear apparently found this very entertainting. Stella step forward to stand next to Charlie, watching Steve with a satisfied smile. The poor Steve seemed very confused and more certain of his loss. \" He was already dead when I got there. I'm sorry about that but he dealt with a lot of unsavoury people. This guy's trying to play you,\" said Steve in a last attempt to innocent himself. \" You were right. No imagination,\" agreed Mahkov. Charlie shacked his head, smiling over Steve's dangerous position right now. \" There's a lot of gold in there. We are the only ones with guns. I'll make you a good deal.\" Steve fought the last moment but Mashkov and Charlie only smiled. Charlie handed the suitcase, containing part of the gold. \" I've already made my deal.\" Steve couldn't find anything to say but kept silent. Stella stepped forward, still with a smile glued to her lips. \" Why do you want?\" Steve asked with a mix of annoyance, desperation and fear. \" You know this was never about the gold.\" \" Whatever helps you sleep at night, sweetheart,\" replied he with a conceited tone. He had no time to think before she punched him in the face. \" Bitch,\" muttered he. The men were laughing at Steve's swollen face. Stella was a dangerous panther. \" Charlie. Come on Charlie!\" implored Steve when he was carried away. Charlie pulled Stella for a hug and she let herself comfortably stay in his arms. Left Ear and the rest gave her each a friendly hug. They said goodbye to Wrench, who was given a fair deal of money and closed the door of the compartment, ready to leave. They went to the restaurant compartment, adjacent to the small bedrooms next to it. Left Ear, Napster and handsome Rob went directly to the bar and Stella went to put her possessions on the small bed that she would sleep on. She sat down on the edge and reflected. The mission was over, finished, completed. Steve was taken care of even she didn't know what that meant. Her hate against him had been nourished and she thought that it was not worth to think about him again. But it was another subject that troubled her. Her relationship with Charlie. It was no doubt they were friends. But were they lovers? Or something in between? She wanted love in her life. She longed for Sundays in bed and weekends by the sea. Last time she had been with a guy was…during the medical school. She had just started and was a bit lost. This was this nice guy that had helped her understand everything. They had become friends and she had given him her virginity. But he had taken the virginity of another girl the week after. Her discovery of them together gave her a pretty good idea of what he really was. After that and her father's funeral she swore never to attach herself deeply to someone. She had never really loved the guy but simply been wrong in her judgement of men. After that she kept it simple, not going farther than a one-night stand. But now Charlie was in the picture. She thought of this silly, romantic clichés where she would see him, surrounded by light. She would run to him and throw herself in his arms. They would share a deep kiss that made her body shiver with passion. She laughed at the ridiculous cliché and stood up. She checked herself in the mirror and went out, ready to join the party.[Chapter 10] In the restaurant compartment, the atmosphere was cheerful. Left Ear, Handsome Rob and Napster had each a glass of champagne in their hands and discussed wildly about what they would do with that gold. Charlie was laughing at their conversation but when he saw her, stopped and asked her whether she liked a glass. She agreed and he want to the bar, taking two glasses. They cheered to John Bridger, father and friend as Charlie said. The champagne tasted like victory and the guys just continued feeling triumphant. Stella took it easy on the alcohol and watched with amusement the guys get deeper and deeper into foolishness. They talked of the gold and only the gold. But at one moment of the evening, somebody thought it smart to bring up old robberies. Handsome Rob mentioned the one in Budapest. They knew about three gold statues privately owned by a Hungarian billionaire. It had been a piece of cake. The mission was risky because the safe was located in a cellar extremely guarded by several cameras. But they had managed and split the profit. They made sound it a lot more adventurous than it really was, thought Stella. She was tired and wanted to go to sleep. Charlie changed seat and went to sit down beside her. The rest mocked them and laughed teasingly at them before they returned to talking nonsense. Charlie ignored them and caressed her hair. He looked at her with attention and she smiled at him with half-closed eyes. \" How are you?\" \" I'm okay. It is just that I wasn't as energetic as I thought I was. I don't know how you can support all this pressure but I'm so tired.\" She laughed and shivered. \" I think I will go to bed.\" \" This has been an eventful day for you, for us all. We are more used to this than you are but I can understand what you feel.\" \" So you mean that I'm more tired than you because I have less experience? Thank you for portraying me as the weakest one.\" She turned away angrily and shacked off Charlie's hand off her hair. \" It wasn't what I…\" He didn't have to finish his sentence because Stella was already out of the room. Fatigue made some women little irritable and Stella was one of them. But Stella wasn't a stereotype. She was unique. He would make sure to excuse himself. Later.[Chapter 11] Stella went to the small room containing two military beds and a small bathroom on the side. Stella thought it was not the most comfortable but it was enough. She put on her pyjamas. Weakest sexe? She brushed her teeth, angrily like the teeth were paying for Charlie's insult. Meanwhile she thought of the future that waited. What was she supposed to do with the gold? They had agreed on sharing the gold in equal pieces, 200 bricks after giving the 8 bricks to Mashkov. She possessed proudly 40 bricks, giving her gold worth 5 million dollars. She could buy an apartment in Paris and do nothing for the rest of her life. But she knew she would continue with her business. Safes were her passion and she wouldn't let that down. And Charlie? What would he do? Continue to steal? When she thought of Charlie, her heart started pumping and jumped like it was on a trampoline. There was no denying that she loved him. She had been thinking and reflecting if this was really true. But the more she thought about it the more certain she became of her feelings toward him. She couldn't remember the day she began to love but she knew now. She wondered if not all these years her father had tried to pull them together. They were many occasions when she had seen Charlie and John had had a satisfied smile on his lips. Bless you father! Your wish came true after all these years. She had been deep in her thoughts because she jumped when two strong arms slipped around her waist. \" What are you still awaked? Last time I saw you were almost sleeping on the spot.\" \" Charlie, I am brushing my teeth. Release me.\" She made a move to remove his hands but he only tightened his grip. \" Not for the all wide world. I would excuse myself first. Didn't I tell you how stupid I was?\" He kissed her on the shoulders, which brought a smile of happiness from Stella's lips. \" No, but I never tire of hearing it. Really. That sounds like a very dark future for me then.\" She cleaned the toothbrush and her mouth. She turned in Charlie's arms so she could face him. \" I was joking. I love you Charlie. I'm not going to forgive you. I have a lifetime to learn your flaws, Charlie Crocker.\" \" I love you Stella.\" He kissed her and she put her arms behind her neck to deepen the kiss. She burst out a sound of surprise when he carried her to the small bed. He put her on the bed, standing back to look at her. \" Stop this Charlie. You're killing me with that look,\" complained Stella. He laughed smoothly. \" You are so beautiful. Even with that pyjama.\" \" You don't like my pyjama?\" Stella looked down and inspected the outfit, dark silk pyjamas with ducks on it. \" No, it's great but what I don't like is that it is on you.\" \" Well, come here and take it off then,\" invited she with her arms wide open. She didn't have to wait long because in one second he was already unbuttoning her top. She took off his jacket with shaky hands. She was very nervous and wanted to make this right. He reassured her by kissing each hand and kissed her once more on the lips. She ripped off his t- shirt, admiring the muscles on his naked chest. He got them at the right places. Her top was finally unbuttoned and he admired her in the light. The rest was just a mix of love, passion and kisses. They enjoyed every inch of each other, giving each other 100 %. They gave new terms to the word \"make love\". Afterwards, Stella lied comfortably on Charlie, her chin on his chest. The bed was so small and they tried not to fall on the floor. \" I think we should have a bigger bed,\" suggested Charlie. \" Very good idea. And one that sounds less. I think we woke every person in the area.\" They laughed in unison. \" And where should that bed be? In a house? Apartment? US?\" \" I haven't figured that out yet. Everything has just been so intensive. And when it is finally over, you are just standing, unable to do anything sensible. \" I understand you. To possess so much gold is more than everything I could have possibly earned during my lifetime. It is so distressing that I don't know what to do about it.\" \" Don't worry love. We figure that out soon.\" Stella liked the sound of \" we\". She had never experienced the feeling to be taken care off. She had learned to manage her life herself, by her own. She smiled and kissed Charlie on the chest. \" Charlie? She raised her head and looked at him in the eyes. He was so beautiful. She couldn't resist the temptation to touch these perfect drawn lips, his forehead curved in lines with concern, the strong cheekbones and she kissed him on every part she had followed with her fingers. \" Yes?\" he asked after this moving gesture of love. \" What is it my love?\" Her heart jumped at the surname. \" When did you start to love me?\" \" Oh that is an easy question. I have always loved you. Every day since we met at that party your father held I have been cursed. The very sight of you made my heart stop beating and my mind go mad.\" \" Really? Why didn't you say something earlier?\" \" Because you didn't love me. I saw in your look that you disliked me from the first second so I didn't say something.\" His eyes looked away and were very melancholic. Stella hated to see him like this, especially when she had caused this. If she had known… she didn't know how she would have answered. She had been angry with him for many reasons. Jealousy, he was the one that her father had spent the time with and how John seemed to prefer him instead of her. How wrong she was! How much time she had wasted being angry at this man when actually, she couldn't think a life without him. She pressed her lips against his and waited for him to react. He reacted indeed and they went for a second tour.[Chapter 12] Hours after that, Stella was deeply asleep in her bed and Charlie had unwillingly left her for the bed on top. The upper bed was cold and lacked the fresh scent of Stella's body. He couldn't sleep. He was relaxed by Stella's quiet breathing and his thoughts wandered to that special evening when he met her. He was younger then and less experienced. He was still learning the methods and John was his mentor. He had invited him for a small gathering he held in honour of his daughter. Charlie had never met John's daughter and wondered what she could be like. He entered the room and saw the most beautiful woman he had ever seen. Her blond hair was curled and she discussed deeply with one of the guests, next to her father. John searched for Charlie and when he saw him, winked him to come. He introduced the young people. \" Stella, this is Charlie Croker, my apprentice. And Charlie, this is my daughter, Stella Bridger.\" He talked proudly of them both and Charlie held up his hand and Stella shacked it with energy. Her green eyes so smiling before were now full with anger. Stella was silent, probably expecting him to say something. \" So what is your favourite music?\" He cursed himself for the choice of topic but Stella didn't flinch. John had left them alone and nothing seemed to stop Stella to show her anger. \" Rock. Look, Mr Croker, I don't know what your game is but you are not trying to give my father some ideas. His place is here, with me. Not in China stealing money or something.\" She gesticulated wildly with his hands and he was a bit scared. \" Look, Stella… \" Miss Bridger,\" interrupted she. \" Miss Bridger, I have not done anything. Your father found me and made me the proposition to work with him. \" He held his hands before him as the accentuate his innocence. \" You are such a liar. You couldn't wait for my father to help you. You are the one that made him do this. Idiot!\" She cried out the last words and left him standing there. After that, she had never said something to him again. Unless one count the day when he told her father was dead. That had been changed, thought he. The mission had made them realised how much they loved each other. He was going to make her happy, he knew he certainly would. He fell asleep before he could make any more plans. The next morning, Stella was awaked by a noise. Too tired to analyse it, she went to the bathroom to take a shower. The warm water woke up her up and she went out of it invigorated. She quickly put on some clothes and remarked that upper bed was empty. Charlie was a morning person and always w up very early. He was probably taking a coffee in the restaurant wagon. And indeed he was with the rest of the group. They were all smiling when they saw here, biding her good morning. \" Good morning everybody! Slept well?\" \" The beds were horrible! They were hard as rocks. I will never sleep in such bed again,\" whined Rob. \" Easy for you to say. You weren't the one who had the listen to your snoring all night,\" said Left Ear. Rob just muttered angrily and took a good bite into his bacon. Stella laughed and sat down at the table. Charlie took the occasion to plant a long kiss on her lips. \" Hey sweetheart.\" Her head was a bit fuzzy after that long kiss. She poured coffee in her cup with shaky hands. \" Oh my, just look at them lovebirds.\" Lyle and Rob shared Left Ear's wide smile. \" Okay, later today were are changing train at Chicago to another train to New York. The gold will be separated in equal pieces. The cars must be taken to a safe place where we can split it. I have called a few banks and they will with discretion place your gold if necessary. But you know the procedures so I don't have to explain it to you.\" Stella was astonished about the work that needed to be done after the mission. What would she do with the gold? The safest step would be to lock it up and make it to money so she could transfer it on her account. She would ask Charlie about it because she didn't want to get caught. The horror of what she had done came back. She had stolen gold from another person. If anyone found out what she did, she could get in prison! Her face became pale and she watched her hands with silent astonishment. She, who had sworn to NOT become like her father, was an exact replicate! How should she explain to her children were her fortune would come from? Charlie, whom had been explaining details with Napster, turned to look at her. He couldn't explain what he saw exactly but his adorable Stella had become a ghost! He rushed to take her in his arms and comforted her with tender words in her ear. \" What is the matter Stella? Talk to me! Please, tell me what is going on?\" \" I am a bad person. I am a bad person. I am…\" \" What are you talking of? You haven't done anything wrong.\" Tears were now rolling down her cheeks and she rested her head in his chest while crying out her pain. \" I have stolen Charlie. I deserve to be imprisoned.\" \" Look at me.\" He took her face in his hands and she looked at him with tears in her eyes. \" You stole from a bad man. He killed your father. He didn't deserve the gold or anything he owned. You are a wonderful, generous person. Your father wouldn't have wanted your father to be regretful. He is probably laughing his ass of at whatever Steve is enduring. We deserve the gold and you never have to be sorry for Steve. He must be out of your thoughts.\" That little speech seemed to comfort Stella. She dried her tears with a napkin given by Left Ear, who as the rest of crew, been silent and watching the event. She finished the rest of her coffee and assured the men that she was okay. Charlie put an arm around her shoulder and they enjoyed the morning.[Chapter 13] The exchange of train went okay, the wagon was swift to the new train and they were safely on the way to New York. Well there, they drove out the cars and went to a safe area where everyone got their equal amount of money. When everything was done, they drove to a remote area where they abandoned the cars and walked to the nearest buss station. They took the buss to New York. Hungry, they walked in a restaurant and ordered the best of the menu. After a good meal, they headed for the banks, where they placed the gold, with discretion. Lyle, Handsome Rob and Left Ear lived in New York but Left Ear didn't plan to live there for long. He wanted his house in Seville and would make sure to get it. Rob and Lyle had also plans. They said goodbye to Charlie and Stella. It was an awkward goodbye. They had spent weeks together and now were to separate as nothing had happened. They promise to call very soon. \"So, what are you gonna to do now Charlie?\" Stella waved to Handsome Rob when they disappeared into the crowd and dried the few tears rolling down her cheeks. \"I need to call Mashkov and Skinny Pete. Without them, this couldn't be possible.\" He took his mobile phone and walked away from her just to get some privacy. She was a bit offended. What could he have to say to them that he didn't want her to hear? She took her big bag and sat down on a bench two meter away. She was still astonished about the direction her life had gone these last weeks. Before all of this, her life had been work, work, and work. Occasionally, she had permitted herself to go on dates. They were often of the same type. Classy, correct, polite men. They were lawyers, doctors, actors, accountants and owners of big companies among others. They were so full of arrogance and conceit that she wondered how she could have gone to these dates. However, she was not in love in a criminal. No, she was in love with Charlie. He couldn't be classified with the rest that she heard of the papers. It must have been this that made her mother fall in love with her father. This dangerous side that attracted so many women. She looked up at Charlie, standing a few meter away, deeply focused on his conversation. He was so handsome that she could hardly believe her chance. He passed his hand through his hair, that same hair she loved to dig her fingers in. She blushed slightly when she thought about what she wanted to do with that body. At the moment she started to get a bit bored, Charlie was walking back to her, a smile on his face. \"Steve is well taken care off. You will not have to worry about him anymore.\" Charlie thought it best to conceal the punishment Steve was enduring. No, Stella would suffer mentally if he told her. Now he wanted to spend the rest of their lives to make her happy. He would hold on her forever, like John had advised him to do. \"Right. What do we do now?\" He interlaced his fingers with hers and took his backpack. \"That's the wonderful thing of it. We can do whatever we want.\" They started to walk, happy that they could finally start a new life without worries. \"Then I suggest we go back to Philadelphia. I need to start working tomorrow.\" \"What? But you don't need to work. We possess about 10 millions dollars. We can move to Europe and have a good life.\" \"It is the case that I happen to love my work. This vacation has been nice and we got the treasure but I need to go back to reality. If you don't understand, you better go.\" She took back her hand and started to walk faster to avoid Charlie. The later had no problem keeping up and put his arms around her waist. \"Stop. I didn't mean to say that you'd stop to work now.\" \"That's exactly what you meant. I don't want have a good life in Europe. I just want my normal life back.\" Charlie looked hurt but Stella didn't see it, overwhelmed by anger. \"That's exactly what you are going to get. You are obviously not prepared for the great life I want to give you. Good bye.\" He took his bag and started to go in the opposite direction. When Stella touched his arm, he shook off her arm and walked away.[Chapter 14] Stella had tried to call Charlie several times but it would ring for ever and she gave up. She wondered how everything could go so wrong. She went from completely happy to completely miserable. She had bought a train ticket to Philadelphia. Nothing tied her to the place any more. She could have done some sightseeing, eat in an expensive restaurant and much more but she didn't do it. The reason was simple. She wanted to do all those things with Charlie. On the train, she looked at the landscape without actually paying attention. When she got to the station, it felt like it has been months she last been here. With no luggage other than her suitcase with material and her big backpack with clothes, she went out and hailed a taxi. The trip was short and she was home quicker than she could think. Without thinking she gave the driver too much change. The taxi driver was smart not to comment it and drove off with screaming wheels. Stella felt energetic and climbed up four floors by foot. She locked up the door of her apartment and stepped into her small hall. Despite everything that has happened, she liked to be at home. She checked the phone for messages and was disappointed to find none. Since she didn't want to stay at home and do nothing, she decided to go to work. Maybe she would forget Charlie if everything went to normal. It felt like she had thousands of jobs waiting for her at work. Martha, the receptionist, welcomed her back with a wide smile. Martha was of nature very curious and would always find a way to know everything about Stella's life. Today, Stella just walked past her and sat down at her desk. The office had not changed even though she had been away for two weeks. The time had just flown by, thought Stella. It had felt like an eternity but now that moment is gone forever, lost in that precious part of the brain where memories were stored. I will survive as Gloria Gaynor was singing, thought Stella. She started to clean up a bit and called Joey, her \"emergency friend\". He had been the friend who comforted her after her father's death. Nothing had happened between them; Stella thought that they were the only straight friends who had not slept with each other. They would meet later on the day after work. Stella was right. She had several jobs waiting to be done; two among those were urgent and needed to be done today. She went to the allocated places and fell back to her routine. It was safes that were legal and the jobs were legal as well. What would her employers say if she told them she had stolen Gold several days ago? If anyone would check her accounts, they would find the mystical appearance of 5 million dollars into them. Charlie had been quick and a rapid check on her accounts confirmed her thoughts. He had inserted her share of the money into the account in the afternoon. She was by the evening, a secret millionaire. She made arrangements to make sure the money was safe. She didn't bother to change her clothes and went directly to the bar where she would meet Joey. It was a small but nice place, with red walls and small lamps that made the room seem erotic and inviting. It had been her favourite bar since forever and their official meeting place. \"Hey, sweetie pie!\" Joey welcomed her with open arms. Speaking of arms, his were strong and muscular. Brown hair framed a very handsome face, with green eyes that were said to be mysterious and flirting. Those eyes were now laid on Stella's body, full of admiration and awe. \"Look at you, you are radiating! Is it a new lotion?\" \"Joey. I am so glad I met you. Let's sit down.\" They sat down at a small table on the corner of the bar. A waiter was soon at their table and asked for their order. \"Dry martini for me. White wine for her.\"Joey knew her too well. \"Now, tell me why you look so miserable. I can see that in your face, something is troubling you.\" She could not really hide something from Joey so she started narrating. She began with Charlie's appearance at her office and the last part, where he left her in anger. She whispered on the sensitive parts, like the gold. At the end, Joey was deep in thoughts and Stella waited nervously for his verdict. \"So, what did I do wrong?\" \"Hum, in this case I don't think you are wrong. He should have consulted with you before he decided to make his plans. You were afraid, of the suddenness of everything, and he interpreted your refusal as a rejection of him and that you did not love him.\" \"But I do love him! I just did not want to leave everything right now!\" Joey held his hands in front of me, in a typical act of defence. \"I know honey but that is how we work. Impulsiveness might make us forget the important things and we need to be reminded that the one we love do not think as we do. He will come to his senses, I promise.\" \"But when?\" Joey's expression said everything. It could take days, weeks or months! How long should I or can I wait for him? thought Stella. She sipped heartily on her white wine and thanked someone for making such a wonderful drink. She loved Charlie, with all her bleeding heart but sometimes she quite hated him. How could he think that she did not love him? Had not she shown how much she cared for him? \"Can we go home? I feel so tired.\" Joey nodded and he helped her to her apartment. She slipped into her bed and fell to sleep immediately. Today was a new day and Stella welcomed the new day as much as someone would welcome a rat. She immediately checked her phone and was disappointed to find that no one had left a message. She dragged herself from bed and put on the coffee machine. She put two eggs to boil and went to dress herself. Today was a day for her red shirt and black jeans. She looked great, as usual and took out a mug from the drawers. She enjoyed her warm coffee and boiled eggs on the balcony. She had a view on a small park, but still heard the traffic of the city. She was a city girl and loved it. She realized she was late and hurried outside. Her red Mini was flying on the road and she was back at work again, as the day before. Jobs were waiting for her and she went directly to her office, to prepare the necessary equipment. Today she would help the police again and someone needed her to test a new safe. I better choose the police first; they don't like to wait, thought Stella. She was a bit insecure when she drove to the place where she would work for the police. After all, she had been a criminal herself and her hands were not entirely clean. How could it still be an issue? She had deserved the money and should not worry. She would accept her fate and assume the responsibility of stealing from a bad man. It was her money. The inspector in chief welcomed her and took her to a room where the safe was located. She recognized the model and started working on it. She had her technology with her but now she knew that she could do everything without. When someone is obliged to do it under stress like Stella, nothing could scare you. It took half an hour and then she was done. The inspector asked her if she wanted to see inside but she politely declined, thinking that her old rules were better to keep than to break. Nobody had thought her behaviour suspect and no one had arrested her yet. She took it as a good sign. One would thought that it would make headlines that a big amount of gold had been stolen but nobody would thought her part of it. She had after all, driven a Mini over forbidden places and probably someone should have seen her. But no, fate or something made her safe to live on. As she said, she deserved the money. The second job was easier. It was a friend of hers who worked in the business of safes. Technology was going forward and Stella thought that she would surely be without job in twenty years or so. But, if criminals could crack safes, so could she. Back at the office, several of her customers had cancelled the jobs and sought elsewhere. She was no worried because other jobs would turn up. She was the best of this town and people knew it. Criminals were even afraid of her. No trouble, thought Stella. I have after all millions of dollars on the bank. She called Joey and thanked him for yesterday. He had been glad to help. She loved him for his simplicity and honesty. His girlfriend was lucky to have a guy like him. But he changed girlfriends every week so she hardly knew who it was now. Without her knowing it, the day has flown by and she had time to think before she came home. She had been able to forget Charlie for a little while but now the pain came back. So many why and so little answers! She ordered pizza and sat down in front of the TV to watch the news. It was depressive as always and she put on music, her favourite artist was Michael Bublé. He had the power to soothe her in every situation and to cheer her up when she was sad. She listened to the rhythmic music and contemplated the view outside the window. The sun was just getting down; the city would soon disappear in the daylight to be seen again with the artificial light. She loved Philadelphia and started to consider if she could move from here. Europe sounded nice but did she want to leave her life? Maybe. To do nothing for the rest of her life sounded nice but she liked to work and do something. What else could she do that she liked and was good at? Safes were something she had done to honour her father. Now that it was done, she had not really considered if safes were her only life, if it was what she would do when she was fifty. Her mother had worked like crazy when her father had been gone. The money had always come irregularly because of the robberies. Would she follow in her mother's footsteps? Raise the kids and wait for the husband to come home with the money. No, it was the twenty-first century and women could do whatever they wanted. She needed to think about it more. Someone knocked on the door and she went to open it. It was not the pizza guy as she had thought but someone completely different. Stella looked at him with wide shocked eyes and he started to speak. \"Stella? Are you fine?\" \"Charlie? What are you doing here? Weren't you on your way to Venice?\" Yes. Charlie Crocker was in the doorway, looking miserable and with a sorry expression on his face. \"No, I stayed in New Orleans. I could not sleep or eat without knowing that I had done something wrong. I have analysed my behaviour and I want to say I'm sorry. Sorry that I did not listen to you and understood your wishes. Of course we can stay in Philadelphia if that is what you want. I love you and more than anything else I want to stay with you.\" What could be made of this speech? Stella congratulated herself on being a determined woman but she found Charlie brought her the sensitive side in her. If she forgave him? Instantly. \"Excuse me? Would you like to have your pizza?\" The pizza boy was standing behind Charlie, looking a bit uncomfortable. Stella nodded and went inside to fetch cash to pay for the pizza. Meanwhile, Charlie stepped inside and Stella exchanged the pizza against the money. \"You want some pizza? I was just on my way to eat.\" Charlie put his bag on the floor. He sat down at the kitchen table and Stella went to fetch wine and glasses to accompany the pizza. The atmosphere was still a bit stiff and they ate their pizza in silence. It would take more to break the silence and everything would get sorted out. Stella decided to take the risk. \"I forgive you. I never thought you would talk to me again because of what I said.\" He put a hand on hers and smiled. \"Thank you. No, it was I who was wrong and not you. It took me a time but now I know that I should not hurry you. We will talk all the time we need. We don't need to hurry Stella.\" She took his hand and kissed it. This was the gesture that made everything better and they smiled at each other, knowing that life from now on will be better. They had each other and that was enough. ","Summary":" The sudden light startled Stella. She had been so focused that she had forgot that she had been in "},{"Movie":"Italian Job","Title":"Unbelievable","Author":"pineapplegoddess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5807012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: Hey guys! New story I hope you like it. Please review! The breeze of the Italian air flowed through my long brown hair. Today was a good day. I was focused and ready for the job. I was sitting on the boat with my good friend Lyle. I just checked the boat to see if it was ready for its ride ahead. Lyle was doing some computer stuff. I never really understood computers. My other buddy Left Ear was reading some book on shore. I was just sitting there daydreaming about the beautiful city of Venice. It was a nice day. The sun was high the skies were clear it was beautiful. \"Hey I said move!\" came the voice of the stupid Englishman. I snapped out of my daze and gave him a look. \"Why do you have to be such an asshole?\" I said to him mocking his accent. He gave me a look that could kill. \"Because I still don't understand why you are here.\" Handsome Rob and I never got along. We had done a few heists in the past and sometime the guys had to split us up. \"I am here because I am the mechanic, the lookout, the girl who runs errands, and if god forbid something happened to you the second driver!\" I said back to him he rolled his eyes and moved around me. \"Cant you guys get along?\" Lyle said. \"No!\" Handsome Rob and I said in unison. \"Come along, make yourself useful. Untie that line.\" he said to Left Ear I suppose. \"Today.\" \"Yeah.\" Lyle said. \"Yeah Gillian. If you don't mind.\" Left Ear said. I muffled a laugh. We sat down and Handsome Rob put the boat in drive and we were off. The wind was whipping my hair around and for once I was prepared with a hair tie and put my hair up. We arrived at the meeting place to see Charlie and John waiting. As soon as the boat stopped they got on. \"We set?\" Charlie asked Lyle. \"Yeah I've enhanced the viewing matrix to track both the Cartesian coordinates and three altitude angles, the yaw, pitch and roll to give us the exact position an orientation of our baby.\" Lyle said. All of which basically flew over my head. I got the basics of it but I didn't understand most of it. \"Were in Italy, speak English.\" Left Ear said. \"Yeah.\" I said. \"Michelle how's the boat?\" Charlie asked turning to me. \"Ship shape.\" I said with a smile he smiled back. I have know Charlie since grade school, and I have known John for almost the same amount of time Charlie has. These guys were basically my family. \"Steve, how we looking?\" Charlie said into his headset. To prove Handsome Rob's point of me having no place here I didn't get a headset. I always had one before though. But I was going to be on the boat the whole time with Handsome Rob and Lyle. I didn't really need one, but the downer was I didn't get to hear what was going on. \"Still no word from the garbageman?\" John said. Steve and I were different from the others. We had dated way back when but come to find out he is a bigger asshole then Handsome Rob, but we put up with each other. Even if it is incredibly awkward. \"Steve how many times do I have to tell you? Trust everyone. Just don't trust the devil inside them.\" John said his famous words. Then we started our nice leisurely boat ride to our destination. I looked around us. Venice was magnificently beautiful. Charlie gave Lyle the nod to open the gate and we drove in like we owned the place. \"Were in.\" Charlie said to Steve. We all got off the boat doing the things we had been told to do earlier. I tied the boat to the dock with the help of Charlie. \"Your men are still not in position?\" John said to Steve. John walked around and I couldn't really hear what he was saying. I helped grab some of the materials from Handsome Rob as John looked over at Charlie. Not knowing what they were saying was killing me. My headset was damaged on the last heist and we hadn't thought about getting a new one. \"Our baby's being taken out of here tonight. This is our only shot at it.\" Lyle said. \"Keep going?\" Charlie asked John. \"Its up to you, kid.\" John said. This was Charlies first heist that he was in charge of. I could tell he was a bit nervous but he still had it together. \"It's a go.\" Charlie said with a smile and we all got back to work. Lyle was giving Steve directions on where to paint the explosives. I wasn't really paying attention. The only reason I went on this heist is because I had nothing else to do and I want the money. I started to get the scuba gear ready for John and Charlie. \"OK Left Ear you're up. 14 feet 4 inches from the west wall.\" Lyle said. \"You need some help Rob?\" I asked as he was putting together the fake safe. \"From you? No.\" he said. \"Rob...\" Charlie said. That was all he had to say. Rob rolled his eyes and motioned for me to come and help. We completed it and we were ready. Minutes later the safe came crashing down, Rob put the boat in drive and we were off.[Chapter 2] Lyle and I were holding the safe and we all glanced up to see some really pissed off Italians. Once the fake safe was secure Lyle and I stood behind Rob holding on to the boat. This was going to be a wild ride. This was such a rush, speeding through Venice with a fake safe while John, Charlie and Left Ear. got the real gold. I heard a siren and looked behind us. We saw the police going to where we just were. The pissed off Italians were following us close behind. \"All right Charlie someone just called it in. The police boat is headed your way.\" Lyle said. Rob really was a good driver. Some of the turns I don't think I could have done. He would never know that though. We looked to the side as the pissed off Italians came to it. He had a gun we all sucked in our breath, but thankfully the driver wasn't paying attention and ran into another boat. He then soared through the air and crashed on another boat. Lyle and I laughed at the stupid man. We came to a fork in the river and almost ran into another of the pissed off Italians. We got ahead of them and sped faster through the streets. We finally saw our destination. I could faintly see the garbageman waiting for us. I looked back to see if the plan worked and it did. The Italians were now stuck on the garbageman boat. We all smiled and laughed. The heist was going just as planned. We sped away to the meeting place.[Chapter 3] We all stood around on the side of the road. We had successfully pulled off another heist. \"Hey guys come here.\" John said ans we gathered around. We all had our own bottles of liqueur in our hands in celebration. \"I want to propose a toast. To us.\" John said. We all lifted our bottles and clinked them together and took a gulp. I was standing in between Lyle and Left ear. This was how I lived. This was my mini family. \"And I want to propose a toast to Charlie because we just stole $35 million worth of gold without even holding a gun, because he planned this down to a 'T.' Nobody else could have done that. Nobody.\" John said. \"Charlie!\" we all said raising our bottles again and taking a gulp. \"Thank you.\" Charlie said. \"So come on gentlemen. Shopping list.\" I said. \"Who's doing what? Spare no dirty details.\" Left Ear said taking the words out of my mouth. \"Come on, you guys. Take a lesson from an old man, don't spend it. Invest.\" John said. \"In what?\" Left Ear asked while laughing. \" In gold.\" John said. We all laughed. \"Let's figure out how to get out of here first, all right?\" Charlie said. As John walked away. Charlie soon followed. \"What are you getting, Rob?\" Left Ear asked. \"I don't know. There is a lot of things you can buy with a lot of money. You know I am just thinking about naked girls in leather seats.\" \"When aren't you thinking of that?\" I said and took a sip from the bottle. He nodded. \"Obviously. See?\" Left Ear said. \"Suppose I get the Aston Martin Vanquish?\" Rob said. I sucked in my breath. \"What?\" Rob said. \"Are you sure you can handle that much power?\" I said with a smirk. \"Darling I can handle a lot more than that.\" Rob said. \"Sure we will see about that.\" I said taking another sip. \"There is not a lot a girl wont do on the passenger seat of one of those things.\" Rob said. I rolled my eyes. \"I'm going to get a NAD T770 digital decoder with a 70-watt amp and Burr Brown DACs.\" Lyle said. We all looked at each other like he was nuts. \"It's a big stereo. Speakers so loud they blow woman's clothes off.\" Lyle said. I rolled my eyes again. \"Now your talking.\" Rob said. \"35 million dollars and you cant get more creative than that man? What about you Michelle?\" Left Ear asked. \"I don't know. Probably move out of my crappy apartment and into a nice house in LA. Maybe buy a decent car that wont attract attention to the cops when I speed like an Aston Martin.\" I said. Lyle did one of the Oh things. Rob gave me a look of pure evil, I smirked which pissed him off more. \"What about you Left Ear?\" I said. \"I'm going to Andalusia, south of Spain right there. Get me a big house, get me a library full of first editions. Get a room for my shoes. What about you Steve?\" Left Ear said. \"I don't know. I haven't decided yet.\" Steve said. \"You haven't decided yet? Come on man is it the mountain air, just...? \" Left Ear said. \"I like what you said. I'll take one of each of yours.\" Steve said. We all laughed. \"Well, well, two of everything for Steve then.\" Left Ear said and we clinked our bottles together again. I looked over and saw Charlie and John talking. I smiled to myself and we started to walk to the car.[Chapter 4] \"Hey! Lets go- I'm freezing my ass off.\" Steve said as I got into the van. We all piled in and we were off. \"You should've seen Rob behind the wheel of that boat. He was like Don Johnson.\" Lyle said. \"Oi, Yeah from Brixton.\" Left Ear said. \"I could've done better.\" I mumbled. \"We know sweetie and next time you will be the one driving.\" John said as he heard me. I smiled at him. He really was like the father I never had. I felt bad for Stella though. Her and I were really good friends but John didn't want her mixed up in this. I didn't blame him. Plus I knew how much he really loved her and regretted not being a bigger part in her life. \"Look at this idiot right in the middle of the road.\" I faintly heard Rob say. The smile faded from my face. I turned around there was someone behind us. I had seen this done before. We were in deep shit. The car in front of us stopped and Rob hit the breaks. \"Who the hell are these guys?\" Rob said as the men in the other cars got out. Steve pulled a gun out and pointed it at Rob. The guys that were following us opened the back and started to grab the gold. \"Take your hands off the wheel.\" Steve said to Rob. \"Steve.\" Charlie said. We were all in disbelief. \"Don't even think about it just do it.\" Steve said to Rob. John opened the side door trying to be stealth like, but Steve caught on and jumped out of the passengers seat to face John. \"No, no, no, no, John.\" Steve said pointing the gun at John. \"Steve, what the hell are you doing?\" Charlie yelled. \"I made a few plans of my own.\" Steve said. \"There is nowhere you can go where we wont find you, Steve. You know that.\" John said. \"I think that's probably right, John.\" Steve said as he shot John twice in the chest. We all started screaming. \"DRIVE ROB!\" I managed to yell. Rob hit the gas and drove off the bridge into the water. The van started filling with water as soon as we hit the surface. The ice cold water hit you like a thousand frozen needles at once. You could still hear gun shots but as the car filled up they soon became muffled. Charlie swam behind me and got the scuba gear. There was only one air tank left, so we took turns breathing in the sweet air. Bullets still rained down into the water. We all muffled grunts and yells as they rained closer to us. We let Johns body float up to the top so Steve would leave. When we heard the muffled noise of the cars driving away one by one we floated to the top. Lyle, Left Ear, Rob, Charlie, then me. Except I couldn't go. I pushed off the ceiling of the van and nothing happened. I felt a pull on my leg. One of the seat belts had tangled around my foot. I started to panic. We had used the air tank and I needed air badly. Seconds went by and I could no longer hold in the savored air. I let it out. I started to feel numb, when I heard a splash. Someone was coming. I looked over to the car door. It was Rob out of all people. He swam into the car and I pointed at my leg. He looked down and saw I was stuck. He untied me and helped me to the surface. I took a deep breath in once we hit air. I felt a little lightheaded taking in such a deep breath. Rob helped me swim to the shore. Charlie was holding John in his lap, crying for the loss. Rob helped me up and I walked over to where Lyle and Left Ear were. I was shivering it was so cold, the water seemed warmer. The Boys offered me their jackets but I refused. I knew they were as cold as I was. We stood there for a couple of minutes. My tears warmed my face. \"We got to go.\" Rob said to me in a low voice. I walked over to Charlie and put a hand on his shoulder. \"Charlie, we have to go.\" I said shivering. He looked up at me with a tear streaked face and nodded. I walked back to were the others were standing. Eventually someone came by and picked us up. When we were sitting in a hospital to see if we were all alright. I was sitting in one of the beds in the large exam room. There was only a sheet separating all of us. Charlie came around the sheet and looked at me. \" Are you OK?\" he said. \"No, Charlie I'm not.\" I said. He gave me a quizzical look. \"He's gone.\" I said with a sob. Charlie grabbed my head and put it on his shoulder. After a couple of minutes I lifted my head and wiped away my tears. \"Charlie?\" I begun. \"Yeah?\" \"Don't ever call me. Don't ask me to do another heist. Leave me alone.\" I said. I was so hurt by Johns death. I knew it wasn't Charlies fault but I was done with this. I was done stealing. I didn't know who to trust anymore. He looked hurt by my words. \"It goes for the others too. I'm sorry Charlie. But I cant do this anymore. \" I said and got up. I grabbed my jacket and left Charlie standing there.[Chapter 5] One year later I looked at the clock it said 5:30. Yes 30 more minutes then I am out of this hell hole . I thought sitting at the front desk of an auto shop. I was living in my same crappy apartment in L.A. Barely making it by. I sighed out of frustration when the phone started ringing. \"Steel Automotive what can I help you with?\" I said into the phone. \"Hey Michelle.\" a familiar feminine voice said. \"Hey Stella, whats up?\" I said. I had kept contact with Stella after John died. \"I saw Charlie today.\" she said. \"He found Steve.\" The air caught in my throat. \"OK.\" was all I could say. \"Charlie believes he still has the money.\" \"Why would he think that?\" I said all emotion gone from my voice. \"Steve just had a Worthington 1000 put installed.\" \"So he is going to steal the money back?\" I asked. \"Ya and he wants me to help.\" \"Are you going to?\" \"Yeah.\" \"You sure that's a good idea?\" \"It wasn't Charlies fault John died. He is doing this to get revenge.\" \"So where is he?\" \"LA.\" \"Oh right here. I'll just go kill him.\" \"Michelle your not a killer.\" \"Why are you telling me this Stella?\" \"I want you to help with it.\" \"Not going to happen.\" \"Fine. I will call you maybe we can get lunch while I am there.\" \"OK, sounds great. Talk to you later.\" \"OK bye.\" she said as I hung up the phone. Millions of things were running through my mind. \"Hey Ed I am clocking out early.\" I said. \"OK Hun see you tomorrow.\" I heard Ed yell back. I clocked out and walked to my apartment.[Chapter 6] Hey guys long time no updates... Sorry. Please review and enjoy I walked into my apartment. My old dusty falling apart couch was there to greet me. I sighed and dropped my bag on the floor and sat on the couch. I cant believe Charlie found him. I cant believe Steve was in LA. Poor Stella has to be with all the guys. She could handle herself though. With all of these thoughts I fell to sleep in my crappy beat up red couch. I was happy when I woke up the next day it was my day off. I was going to go into town and get a new couch. My paycheck would be here next week and the more and more I looked at this stupid thing the more and more I hated it. I showered and got dressed and jumped into my 1996 Black Mazda Miada. The only real thing in my life that cost a lost of money. I drove and stopped at a light. Oh LA traffic plus the traffic lights. Always a pain in the ass hence why I got a job so close to home. \"Hey! It's a green.\" I heard someone yell. I looked to my left. I couldn't believe it it was Handsome Rob. \"Green!\" he said again and honked the horn at the person in front of him. I couldn't help but laugh hysterically. He looked over in my direction. He saw me and was about to say something until I drove off. I got to the furniture store and bought a light brown couch. I was happy with my purchase. I drove to a taco joint got a taco and drove home. I began to wonder if I have ever passed Steve some where. Like on the street, or in a store. This gave me the chills. I didn't want to think about it. I turned on my TV and watched some stupid show and eventually fell asleep. I woke up the next morning and got ready for work. It wasn't such a bad job, it paid the bills. It was just so boring. The place I worked was a small and didn't get much business. I just thanked God we had internet because I would die from boredom. I walked to work and clocked in. Making an honest living was a pain. I sat at my desk and played on the computer. \"Morning Michelle.\" Ed said as he walked in. \"Morning Ed.\" I said back and the phone rang. I answered it. \"Good Morning what can I help ya with?\" I said. \"Hey Michelle.\" \"Hey Stella whats up?\" \"Not much really. I'm in town.\" \"Ya I figured you would be with Steve being here and all.\" \"Ya so I was thinking do you want to go out for lunch or a drink?\" I hesitated for a minute. \"Not today but ya while your in town. I haven't seen you in a while that would be nice. Maybe tomorrow?\" I said being polite. \"OK Hun, that works out. Well Charlie needs me so I will talk to you later?\" \"Ya OK.\" \"Bye.\" \"Hey Stel?\" \"Ya.\" \"Be careful.\" \"I will. Bye now.\" she said with an amused tone. \"Bye.\" I said and the line went dead. I shook my head with everything going through my mind. I went back to my mindless search for a game on the computer. After my extremely boring work day I went home thinking of this whole job. Deep inside I wanted to be a part of it. I wanted to see Steve hurt. I wanted to get the money we earned. But at the same time I didn't want to. I was hurt to much last time.[Chapter 7] The next day I woke up and followed the same routine. I got to work clocked in and sat down. This whole routine thing was getting old fast. There was no excitement nothing there. No life. The phone started to ring as I clocked in. I ran to my desk to answer it. \"Good Morning Steel Automotive how can I help you?\" I said out of breath from running to get the phone. \"Do you seriously answer all the calls that way.\" it was Stella. \"Yes I have to. Its part of the job.\" \"Where is this job of yours? So I can pick you up forlunch.\" I told her where the automotive place was and we ended the conversation. And I went back to my stupid routine. Around 11:45 I saw a familiar blonde walk through the door. \"Stella!\" I said and walked around my desk to greet her with a hug. \"Oh my God! Michelle is that you? What happened to the tomboy girl I knew?\" she said embracing me in a hug. I was wearing tight pants and a black low cut shirt. I used to wear guy clothes. They were more comfortable and they just suited me. \"I grew up.\" I said. \"So where we going for lunch?\" I was starving. \"I don't know you live here you choose..\" \"OK let me clock out and I'll be right back.\" I ran in the back and clocked out and ran back up front. \"Lets go to LA burger. Its down the street.\" I said. We got there and were seated across from each other at a booth. \"So Michelle hows life working for you?\" \"Honestly I am so bored.\" I said looking at the menu. \"Do you want to be a driver for the heist?\" she asked out of the blue. I set the menu down and looked at her. \"Is this why you wanted to do lunch?\" \"No, I wanted to see you.\" \"OK then.\" I said lifting the menu back up. \"Its just...\" she started I lowered the menu a little. \"We have three drivers and it would really help if we had a fourth. I know the guys trust you more than anyone else.\" she said in a some what desperate voice. I sat in silence for a moment. \"Michelle?\" she asked. I held up a finger saying one second. After a moment more I finally spoke. \"Have you talked it over with Charlie or are you going solo with this?\" \"Charlie and I have discussed it. He would love it if you came back.\" she said. \"OK I will be your wheel-man.\" I said with a smirk. \"On one condition. I get a cut that everyone else is. We stole this gold once I want to get the same again.\" She nodded as she took a sip of her water. \"Charlie already set aside the amount for you.\" \"So you were planning this?\" I said with a smirk. She smiled proving me right. \"Bitch.\" I said with a smile. We continued talking about the heist through lunch. She filled me in on what I need to know and all the details. We were about ready to go when she stopped. \"Whats wrong?\" I asked. \"I need to get the guys lunch.\" she said. \"Order here. I will go back to the automotive tell Ed I quit and go home. I will be at the shop in about an hour or so.\" \"OK that's perfect! I will see you then.\" she said as we hugged each other and departed. I ran down to the automotive and into the back. Ed was sitting in his old dusty chair watching some old TV that was in black and white. \"Hey Ed do you have a minute?\" I asked. \"Ya sure thing honey whats up?\" he said pausing his program. \"I appreciate that you gave me a job and let me keep it with my reputation and all. But I am sorry to say my time has come to leave.\" \"Oh thank god.\" he said. This took me by surprise. \"I just got this eviction notice from the city, they are shutting me down.\" he said holding up a piece of paper. \"I have been thinking all day of a nice way to let you go. Your really are a sweet girl Michelle.\" he said with a cute old man grin. \"Thank you so much Ed. What will you do?\" I said with concern for him. \"Don't worry about this old man. I have another job as a bar tender. I'll be fine.\" he said with a smile. I smiled back at him. He stood up and gave me a hug. \"Thanks for everything Ed.\" \"Thank you Michelle.\" With that the hug ended and I departed to my apartment. I ran into my apartment throwing my clothes off and running to the bathroom. I had to take a shower. I was going to make myself look smoking hot to piss off Handsome Rob even more. Plus the last time he saw me I was wearing baggy pants and a somewhat tight shirt with an oversized jacket. I had changed a lot since I had last seen these guys. While I was in the shower I wondered how much they had changed in the last year. I know for me John's death had a lot to do with it. I needed change since the rest of my life had changed. I got out and put on a pair of black leather skinny pants and a white flowy low cut tank top. I strapped on a pair of black high heels I had been hording in the back of my closet for years after my friends wedding. I put a silver eyeshadow, black eyeliner and mascara. I stood back to examine myself in my broken mirror. \"Knock em dead girl.\" I said to myself at my reflection. I looked hot if I didn't say so myself. I walked out of the apartment remembering how to walk in high heels. My mother had insisted I learned when I was a teenager. I got into my car and made my way to the shop with the directions Stella had given me.[Chapter 8] I drove up to a warehouse and saw on of the garage doors open. I walked into the building. I could tell these guys hadn't changed much by the building already. I could hear Lyle talking. You couldn't mistake that voice or laugh. I caught the attention of Charlie as I walked in like I owned the place. \"Michelle!\" he exclaimed making his way to me. I could now see where everyone was sitting because they all got up. I walked over to Charlie. \"Hey Charlie how have you been?\" I said giving him a hug. \"Been great, so Stella talked you into it huh? You look so different.\" \"Ya I know, where are the guys?\" Just as I said it Left Ear and Lyle came around the corner. We walked to each other and hugged. \"Hey guys, how's it going?\" \"Its fantastic.\" Lyle said. \"I just got into the traffic signals and I can now control them.\" he said with a little fake evil at the end. I rolled my eyes. \"Same Old Lyle.\" I said looking at Left Ear. \"You don't know the half of it. And damn girl you look fine!\" Left Ear said. \"Why thank you.\" I said and gave a fake curtsy. We got into some stupid small talk when I realized I hadn't seen Handsome Rob yet. I was about to say something when I heard him talking around the corner. \"So you don't think we need that part.\" said Handsome Rob. \"Nah, man we don't need more than half of this shit.\" some unrecognizable voice said. I walked around the corner and saw Handsome Rob and some other guy talking cars. I decided not to interrupt and see how long it would take for them to notice me. \"Alright whatever you say. Your the expert on cars here Wrench.\" Handsome Rob said. I chose this time to interrupt. \"Expert? I thought you were the expert on cars.\" I said. They both turned their heads and looked at me. Their eyes looked like they were going to dry up and fall out. Especially Handsome Rob's. I smiled at this control I had over him. \"Michelle?\" Rob said. \"Yes, that is my name Rob thank you for remembering.\" \"But you are...\" he said looking lost for words. \"Hot? Different? Ya I know. A lot changes in a year.\" I said. He stood there at me I thought his tongue was going to roll out of his mouth and his eyes were going to bulge out. \"Aye, aye, aye who is this lovely lady?\" the man I did not know said. \"I am Michelle, and you are?\" I asked. Rob still hadn't moved much. \"They call me Wrench, you can call me what ever you like.\" he said with a smile. \"Charming, so Wrench are these cars ready for a test drive?\" I asked. His smile faded. \"Yes, I think so let me look at them one more time.\" he said turning back to the cars. By now everyone had filed in and were waiting to take the cars for a ride. \"Rob. Rob. ROB!\" I heard Left Ear yelling at him. \"What?\" he said impatiently. \"Jesus and I am deaf? I asked you if you could help me carry this.\" he said pointing to some computer equipment. I started to laugh to myself and was soon accompanied by Charlies next to me. \"You know he would never admit it but this wasn't the same without you.\" he said. \"Ya, I'd never admit it either but I missed the hell out of you guys.\" I turned to him and smiled. Charlie just smiled back. \"OK guys take em for a spin.\" Wrench said. We all advanced towards the cars. I got into the drivers side of the red Mini Cooper along with Stella. I was the one who had taught her how to drive. Even though we were only 2 years apart me being the oldest I had been driving since I was 9. Charlie got into the blue Mini and Handsome Rob and Left Ear got into the white Mini. We drove them out to a remote area, where no one was and drove them around for a while. We saw how fast they could go what they could do and how much they could stand. It was quite surprising to me for such a little car that it was. \"You know what I am thinking about right now? The look on Steve's face.\" Stella said. I laughed at her. We were all trying out our head gear so everyone else heard it. We drove back to the garage and parked the cars. \"Well boys this has been like old times.\" I said. \"What time should I be here tomorrow?\" \"Where are you staying?\" Charlie asked. \"My place. I do live here in the grand LA.\" I said \"Michelle, do you still live at that shit hole you call an apartment?\" Lyle asked. \"Its not that bad.\" I said. \"Remember that one time she asked us to come over for drinks and there was a cockroach in her cup that was stored away?\" Left Ear said. Everyone had started to laugh. \"Or the time when you thought that the crab from her fish tank got out and it was actually a big ass spider?\" Lyle said. \"Or the time she called freakin out cause a pipe busted under her sink and she was screaming cause she didn't know where the faucet was to turn the water off to the apartment?\" Rob said. \"Shut up all of you will ya. Its not exactly the most decadent place but its cheap and liveable.\" I said defending my poor apartment. \"Even though you love your dear apartment I think you should come to the hotel.\" Charlie began. \"It'll be like a vacation in your hometown. My treat.\" I acted like I had to think about that. Sleeping on a bed that didn't have wires threatening to pop out was heaven in itself. \"OK\" I said. \"OK, hitch a ride with Stella.\" Charlie said. \"What am I suppose to do about my car?\" I asked. I didn't want to leave it alone. \"You have a car?\" Lyle asked. \"Shut up Lyle. I rather have a nice car then a nice place. Its a 1996 Black Mazda Miada. Not exactly an Aston Martin or any sports car for that matter but I love that thing.\" I said. I could hear Rob snickering in the corner. \"I guess Stella you hitch a ride with Michelle.\" Charlie said. \"OK then.\" Stella said as we made our way to my car.[Chapter 9] I let Stella drive because I could tell how bad she wanted to earlier. We went to dinner at a small diner as she filled me in on more information. Once we were back in the car it was silent as we drove down the first couple of blocks towards the hotel. I broke the silence. \"So, how do you like my car?\" I asked. \"I like it. It handles well. But I miss my Mini.\" she said. \"Ya I know how that is. Do you want to drive when the heist goes down? You do know the car more than I do.\" She glanced at me. \"Are you serious?\" \"Of course I am. You do know the car you know what it can and cannot take. You should drive.\" I said. I could see out of the corner of my eye she was smiling. She was radiating excitement. Silence filled the car again and we had reached our destination. We walked into the lobby and up to the front desk. \"Do you have a room for...\" I began and then looked down at the fake ID Charlie had given me before we left. I hadn't looked at it until now. \"Krista Myers?\" I looked up at the man in front of me. He smiled and nodded. \"I told him we had run out of rooms so you will be staying in this room. The man said you would understand and be fine with it.\" he said handing me a key and a piece of paper with the room number on it. \"I'm sure it will. Thank you.\" I said smiling back and walked with Stella to the elevator. We stood there waiting for it to come down. \"So did Charlie get everything set?\" Stella asked. \"Ya we are sharing a room apparently.\" I said waving the key card in front of her. \"Sweet. Do you have to go to your apartment to get anything?\" she asked suddenly realizing I had no luggage, then I remembered my spare luggage in my car. \"No its OK. I have my luggage in my car, I'll get it later.\" I said. The doors opened and we walked in. \"I wonder why Charlie roomed you with me. My room has one bed.\" she said. I shrugged my shoulders. \"When are they coming back anyway?\" I asked. \"I don't know. Left Ear and Charlie went to visit Skinny Pete and Lyle and Rob are doing some before last minute stuff with computers and cars. Not to long though it is getting pretty late.\" she said. I looked at my watch it was 11:00. The doors opened and we walked out. I followed Stella with my card. She awaited by her door for me to open it to see if my card worked. I slid it in and the red light glared back at me. I tried it again the red light appeared yet again. I looked at Stella. \"Let me try it.\" she said taking the card. She slid it in, red glared back. She looked at the card and her eyes grew. \"What?\" I asked in wonder of why her eyes were so wide. \"This isn't my room number.\" she said. Giving the card back to me. I looked down at it. Indeed it wasn't. It was to the room across from hers. I looked up at her. She was holding back a smile and laughter. \"Who's room is it?\" I asked pointing at the room across from where we were. I could feel the distress going through my body as I knew this wasn't going to be a good answer. The elevator door dinged as it hit our floor again. I started at Stella barely realizing that people were coming out of the elevator. \"Stella who's room is it?\" I asked again more serious. My hand was starting to get tired from holding it up. \"It's mine.\" said a recognizable voice from the figure to my right. I closed my eyes and lowered my hand. \"I hate you Charlie.\" I said under my breath. I turned to the figure and opened my eyes to see Handsome Rob staring back at me.[Chapter 10] \"So I'm guessing were bunk mates?\" Rob said. \"Ya, I guess so.\" I said then turned to Stella she had opened the door and was standing in the door way. \"I'm going to go get my stuff from my car. Do you want to come Stella?\" I said as calmly as possible. \"No.\" she said with a smile and closed the door behind her. I turned to Rob. He was fidgeting with the door and finally got it to open. He turned back to me. He didn't say anything. We were both mad at Charlie. I know this was a simple thing. I could go home. I could kick Charlie out of his room and take it. There were so many things I could do. But the thought of sharing a room with Handsome Rob actually didn't bug me as much as it should.. and that was what scared me. I had known these guys for years. The only time Rob showed me any compassion was when John died. \"I'll be back in a minute.\" I said and walked to the elevator. It opened I walked in there was no one in there. Thank god I am alone. I thought. I leaned up against the wall debating whether or not to call Charlie. We were only suppose to use the phone once or twice a day. I decided against it. The doors opened and I walked out into the lobby and out the doors to my car. I opened the trunk and got my small duffel bag. I closed it made sure everything was locked and walked back into the hotel. On my way to the elevator I saw a restaurant out of the corner of my eye. It was just off the lobby. I gave it my full attention looking for what I wanted. My eyes locked onto it and a smile crept onto my face. A bar. I walked over and sat at the booth setting my bag under my feet. \"What'll it be?\" the bar keep asked. \"Rum and coke on the rocks please.\" I answered back. \"Rough day?\" he asked. \"If you only knew.\" I said as he made my drink. Minutes later he handed it to me. I put the glass up to my lips and let the cold concoction roll down my throat. It was the perfect amount of rum. Not strong but strong enough. I lowered it and smiled at the bar keep, he smiled back and walked to the next customer. I stared at my reflection in the glass behind the counter. I had changed a lot in a year. Not only looks but mentally too. I had become more \"mature.\"I guess the word would be. I didn't let people get to me as much as I used to. I took another sip of my drink and lowered it. Lost in the oblivion of my reflection. …... I was on my fourth rum and coke. It had been at least an hour since I had come down to get my bag. I was pretty buzzed. I was telling the bar tender about how I was stuck in a room with a man that pissed me off like no other. \"He is such an asshole. One time I was helping him... pack for a... trip. He told me to sod off. I was just trying to help.\" I said my words slurring just enough for people to tell I had been drinking. \"He sounds like an asshole. Why do you hang around him so much?\" he asked. The phone rang and he answered it. \"Ya.\" he said and listened. It was an old phone with a cord and everything. \"Ya, I think so.\" he said looking in my direction. Then hung up the phone. \"I think I hang around him so much because I love to hate him. You know how that is?\" I said. \"Ya, I know that's how my ex wife and I are.\" \"Aye but I don't think you do know. I love him so much I hate him.\" I said somewhat surprised at my own words. I looked up at the bar tender. He looked back at me. \"What?\" I said. \"You are so weird you know that?\" he said and laughed. I started to laugh uncontrollably. \"You have no idea.\" I said taking a sip of my drink. \"So this guy what does he look like?\" he said. \"He's tall, bald and English.\" I said laughing. \"You describe me so well.\" Rob's voice said from behind me. I spun around to fast and almost fell out of my chair but Rob caught me. He started to laugh at me as I was grabbing him trying to make the world stop spinning. \"How much did she have to drink?\" Rob asked. \"About 4 rum and cokes.\" the bar keep said. Rob shook his head. \"Lets get you upstairs.\" Rob said. \"You cant seduce me that easily.\" I said slurring and grabbing my bag off the floor. \"You going to be a boat load of fun tomorrow.\" Rob said. \"Haha Boat.\" I said as he paid the bar keep and led me to the elevator. We stood there for a moment waiting for the elevator. \"Ya know Handsome Rob, you always were Handsome, but a bit of an ass.\" I said. I knew what I was saying but it was hard to avoid or to stop the words from spilling out. I looked at him. He was grinning looking ahead at the elevator. He was amused by my drunken state. The doors opened and we walked inside. His arm was around my waist supporting me. He hit the button and we were on our way up. I struggled to look at him to see if he was still amused and I slipped on my heel and almost fell. But with his hand around my middle he didn't let me fall to the hard surface of the elevator. He brought me up with him and we were face to face. Inches apart. \"You know Michelle. You are a thing of beauty. Drunker than hell but a thing of beauty.\" I smiled at him and went in for a drunk kiss. He dove in with it and took control. The doors opened and neither of us moved. The doors closed and we were going down again. When the doors opened again though we stopped. His arms were around my body making it impossible for me to fall but also impossible to move. He let me go a little and I stood next to him as people walked in and hit the buttons. Rob leaned over and hit the button again. We got to our floor and got out. We walked to our room. He opened and we walked inside. His room did have two beds. Probably the reason why Charlie chose him. I wanted to at least think that. I walked over to the bed and fell on it. Instantly passing out from my nights endeavors.[Chapter 11] I woke up with the sun hitting me in the face. I groaned. I felt sick and my head was pounding. I shut my eyes and rubbed them trying to adjust to the light. \"There's some coffee on the counter, I suggest you drink a lot. There are some aspirin next to the coffee too.\" Rob said. Everything from the night before came flooding back to me. I couldn't remember what happened once we got off the elevator though. I sat up and opened my eyes and looked at Rob. \"Did we-? Did we do anything?\" I asked. The smile plastered on his face grew more at the question. This sent panic through me. I remember kissing him in the elevator but not anything after that. He got up and walked to the door. Before he left he turned to me. \"Stella will be by in about 30 minutes. And no we didn't do anything except the elevator part.\" he said with a grin. He was proud of himself for kissing me. I glared at him as he laughed and closed the door. I got up and got coffee, Advil and clean clothes and made my way to the bathroom for a nice hot shower. I walked out of the bathroom ready for the day just in time for the door to knock. It was Stella. I let her in. \"So you got a little drunk last night?\" Stella said. \"What? no.\" I said failing at lying. \"Yes you did I can tell your bag is in the corner. You only do that if you come to the hotel drunk.\" she said smiling. \"So what happened?\" \"Nothing I just had a few drinks and Rob found me and dragged me up here and I fell asleep.\" I said. It wasn't all a lie. \"Right uh huh. Hurry your ass up we need to leave.\" she said. I grabbed my bag and we left. We got to the garage and stood there waiting. This was the part I hated about heists. Waiting. We were all standing in Lyle's little cubicle looking area. I was standing by Stella, Lyle was looking for whatever, Left Ear just left to go get Charlie by Lyle's order, and Rob was standing across from me smiling. It was creeping me out. I didn't know why and I felt like he knew a lot more than he was telling me. Charlie broke my line of view from Rob and went to Lyle. \"Steve just called to confirm his 8:00 reservation at the Water Grill.\" Lyle said. \"OK lets go over it one more time.\" Charlie said. \"Gas the guards, doors open 8:15.\" Left Ear said. \"Safe popped by 8:25.\" Stella said. \"Loaded by 8:35.\" I said \"And out the door by 8:45.\" Charlie said. \"Straight to Union Station.\" Rob said. \"Only green lights on your route, the rest of the city's red. Cops are stuck in traffic like everyone else.\" Lyle said. \"Train leaves at 10. Cars have to be in the carrier by 9:30. Timing's got to be dead on. Lets get ready.\" Charlie said and we all left to our own separate duties. I got to load the money this time. I was like a temp at a job I got to do whatever there was. If they needed another driver I was the one. Another loader I was the one. Another look out I was the one. I got into the car with Stella. I liked my decision of her to drive. She knew the car well. \"If you need me to drive just ask and we will switch. OK?\" I said. \"OK\" she said smiling back at me. She was a mix of emotion I could tell. I had them all too. There was the fear of getting caught, the adrenaline of the danger, the anticipation of the money, and the worry of everyone else. It was the thrill of it all. The only difference between what she was feeling and what I was, was the fact of last night with Rob. I didn't remember much but what I did remember confused me. I remembered my talk and confessions with the bar tender and the fact that Rob could have heard it all. Rob's words in the elevator telling me I was a beauty, and the kiss in the elevator. I was so confused and frustrated with it all. But the key of being good at heists is putting all of those feelings and emotions aside and focus on the task at hand. We all took off to Steve's where we would wait for him to leave.[Chapter 12] We watched Steve on a near by road leaving his house. The house that was mine. He got into the Aston Martin and drove off. Even though we could see him it was up to Lyle to tell us when to go. \"Wow that is a nice car. Sorry, Rob. Coast is clear guys.\" Lyle said. We all drove to the house. It was a thing of beauty like it always was. The plan was working perfectly, so far. \"This is it guys. Moment of truth.\" Charlie said. We all took a deep breath. Whether you could hear it or not we did. We drove up to the gate to see a bunch of people standing around. \"What the hell is this?\" Charlie said. \"Shit! Steve's neighbor's throwing a party.\" We heard distant mumbling as Charlie rolled his window down to a man. \"No.\" Charlie said and rolled the window back up. \"We're not blowing any gates tonight, guys. Too many witnesses. Stella.\" Charlie said. \"I know, I know. I'm late for my date.\" she said. Taking her hair down. \"Yeah and you got to be charming. You'll need him to ask you out again. Sorry.\" Charlie said. \"Switch me spots.\" I said. She looked at me. \"You can get ready faster if I drive.\" She undid her seat belt and got out as I slid over and she got in on the other side. And we drove in the direction of the restaurant. When we were halfway there I took my headset off. \"Stella, you know if I could, I would take your spot in a heartbeat right?\" I said. She had been staring blankly out the window for most of the ride. \"I know. Its just I want to hurt him badly.\" she said. \"We all do, that's why we are doing this.\" I said and pulled up to the restaurant. \"Good luck honey.\" I said smiling. She smiled back. \"Thanks I'm going to need it.\" she said and got out of the car. We parked our cars a parking lot or so away and walked to the restaurant to spy and make sure everything was going right. I stood with Rob as we watched Stella and Steve at the table. \"Would you like to go to a place like this and eat?\" Rob said to me under his breath. \"I don't know it depends on who I was with.\" I said. I was playing coy. I knew exactly what he meant he was asking me out. \"How about someone like me?\" he asked. I turned to face him. \"What exactly happened last night? You haven't made a wise crack at me all day.\" I said \"I guess a little bird told me how you felt about me.\" he said. I could feel my face go red. He grinned out of amusement. \"Don't worry the little bird made a lot of sense on why you always wanted to help me first. It all makes sense now.\" I smiled. \"We will talk about this later. Right now focus.\" I said smiling and turning back around. Stella looked so uncomfortable, I felt so bad I wish I was there instead of her. Steve froze at something she just said. \"Shit.\" I said under my breath. \"What?\" Rob said. \"He just caught on.\" I looked at Charlie who was barley in view he had the same look I did. He was staring right back at me. I looked back at the table as Steve grabbed Stella's wrist. Even though she was only a little younger than me I felt very protective of her. John had told me to watch after her, especially if something happened to him. He told me that when I had first met her. I leaped forward and Rob held me back. \"Not yet darling.\" he said in my ear and loosened his grip on me. We stood there for a few moments, when she gave us the sign. She dropped the vase of water. We all came out of our hiding spots. Charlie, Rob and I walked up to the table. Stella stood up next to me. Charlie was on the other side and Rob behind us but still in full view. \"Gang's all here.\" Steve said. \"Michelle you look extravagant as always. Much like the night I brought you here. Remember that?\" I stood there staring at him in anger as the blood rushed out of my face. He smiled at my sudden pallor. \"Remember it was the night we figured out we would be pulling off the Italian job within a month or so. Do you still have the ring I gave you?\" tears welled up in my eyes. Everyone was looking at me. I glared at Steve. \"How dare you bring that up, you piece of worm less shit.\" I said about to dive for him but Rob grabbed me from behind again. I spun out of his arms and walked off. They all stayed behind. I walked out of the back into the cold night air. I let the tears fall. I stood there. I couldn't believe he brought that up. \"Hey.\" it was Left Ear. \"Hi.\" I said wiping the tears away. \"Come here.\" he said embracing me in his arms. \"I cant believe he brought that up.\" \"I know, I know.\" Left Ear said as he stroked my hair. I had only told him what had happened that night. After a couple of moments he let me go I looked up at him. \"I should probably go.\" I said. \"I don't think riding with Stella would be a smart move right now.\" \"Well Handsome Rob took Stella back to the motel. I came out here looking for you. Charlie is in there talking to Steve.\" He said. I nodded. \"Do you need a ride then?\" I asked him. \"If you want the company. If not I will hitch a ride with Charlie.\" he said. I smiled at him and kissed him on the cheek. \"I'll see you tomorrow.\" I said and walked off to the Mini. I got in and drove off. Instead of going home I drove around LA for an hour or two. Calming myself down.[Chapter 13] I got to the hotel room about at about 12. I tried to sneak in, in case Rob was asleep. I was wrong. He was awake and waiting for me. \"So, what exactly happened tonight?\" he said. \"Rob please. I don't want to talk about it.\" I said walking into the bathroom. As I was closing the door he put his hand in the door way. \"You have kept it from us for over a year.\" he said. He was right. \"Fine I'll tell you what happened.\" I said putting the cover down on the toilet and sitting on it. Rob walked in and sat on the edge of the tub. \"It was a month before the Italian Job.\" I began going back in my head to that night. \" I'm on my way Steve I am sorry I just got your message.\" I said into the phone to Steve. We had been dating for a couple of months now and he wanted to take me to a fancy dinner. The whole group of ours had been up all night talking about our new job. Charlie was going to be in charge. I was so happy for him. \" Well hurry up so I don't look like a total idiot alone here.\" he said and hung up the phone. Everyone thought we had broken up which we did. I guess you would call this a fling that we were going through. The last shebang, the last dance, the last night together. I knew it was doing more harm then good but I couldn't help myself. I broke up with him because he is an ass but the good parts of our relationship made me want to be with him. I checked myself in the mirror I was OK looking so I headed out to my car. I got in and left to the restaurant. I got there it was beautiful. I checked in with the server and he brought me right to Steve. \" Hello my darling, champagne?\" he said as I sat down. \" Whats the occasion?\" I asked. He smiled and handed me a black box. My heart thundered through my chest I looked up at him in confusion. We had broken our relationship off. Unless he didn't get it. I opened the box and there was a big ring in it. \" Will you marry me?\" he asked. I looked up at him. \" Steve, what part of we are broken up don't you understand. You hit me, a man only does that once.\" \" Then what have we been doing for the last 3 weeks?\" \" A big mistake obviously.\" I got up to leave as he grabbed my arm. \" Sit back down!\" he demanded. Pulling me down to the chair that was separating us. I fell into it with force. \" Let me go!\" I said. \" Bitch what did you think would happen? Huh? Tell me I want to know.\" I thrust-ed my arm towards me trying to get out of his grip. He was so much stronger and kept a hold of it. He got up and dragged me with him. \" Let me go!\" I screamed his grip only tightened. He dragged me outside. So many horrific thoughts raced through my mind. The first initial one was I thought he was going to rape me. My defense finally kicked in and I decked him with my free hand and ran off to my car. I got in and started it. Steve was running to me. \" Michelle let me talk to you!\" he yelled. I sped away as he through the ring in the car window that was only down a little bit. It fell to the seat onto the ground on the passengers side. \" Think about it! We could have everything!\" he yelled as I sped off. I drove until I reached where John was staying. He was like my father and I needed one right now. I ran up to the door and knocked until he answered. \" Michelle what happened?\" John said taking me into his arms. All I could do was cry. When I calmed down I realized that Left Ear was there and as concerned as John was. I told them what happened and they told me it would be taken care of. John threatened Steve if he ever did anything like that again he would be put away. I looked up at Rob. A couple of tears had fallen down my face. \"Why didn't you tell anyone else?\" Rob said. I could tell he was a little angered at the fact he didn't know. But it could have been anger towards Steve. \"I didn't want to. Its not something I like to share with the world. I was weak. I don't like to admit I am.\" There was a long pause of silence before he spoke. \"What did you do with the ring?\" he asked with a smile trying to lighten the mood. \"How do you think I could afford my car I have now?\" I asked breaking into a smile. He smiled back and laughed a little. \"So, does Charlie know?\" he asked. \"I am pretty sure Left Ear told him when he got back.\" I said. I had a feeling Left Ear had, he knew how much I hated telling the story. \"Come on, we have a big day tomorrow. We should get some rest.\" he said. I nodded and he held out his hand to help me up. We walked out of the bathroom and to our beds. We got in and turned off the lights. \"Thanks for understanding Rob.\" \"Anytime love.\"[Chapter 14] The next morning I walked to Stella's room she needed to know. She let me in and I explained the whole story. There was a lot of 'Oh my God', 'I'm sorry', ' I could see that'. In the end we came to terms with each other and I left so we could get ready for the day. We left and got to the garage. I drove with Stella it was as if nothing had happened the day before. Once I saw Charlie at the garage he walked over and gave me a hug. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" he asked in my ear. \"You know how much I hate admitting weakness.\" I said back to him. He let me go, smiled and nodded. He understood. Then we got to business. \"There will be nothing left of that if you keep rubbing it.\" Rob said to Stella who was cleaning a wrench I think. I was sitting next to Stella. Rob was standing next to me. Left Ear was smoking and Charlie was shooting hoops. We were all standing around waiting for Lyle to tell us what was up. \"Charlie!\" Lyle said from the van. \"He's flying the coop.\" \"When?\" Rob asked. \"His security guard called for a private helicopter at 4:00 PM. There's an armored car service coming to his house at 5:00. There is a cargo plane scheduled to depart LAX at 8:00 PM to Mexico City.\" Lyle said. \"What if he is moving the safe as a diversion? We crack it, it's empty the gold is somewhere else.\" Stella asked. \"No he wouldn't do that.\" I said. \"Why?\" Stella asked. \"Steve's not about to let that gold out of his site. It's going to be in that truck, and he is going to be watching it every step of the way from the helicopter.\" Charlie said. \"So the gold's headed to Mexico.\" Left Ear said. \"Who knows where? They could change the flight plan in midair.\" Lyle said. \"Slow down. Slow down.\" Charlie began interrupting Lyle. \"You guys are looking at this the wrong way. This is good news for us.\" \"Charlie, what do you mean, 'good news'?\" Rob asked as he helped me off where Stella and I were sitting. \"We've been trying to get to the gold in the safe, now the safe is coming to us.\" Charlie said. \"We're going to boost it in transit.\" \"Charlie it could take a dozen different routes to the airport.\" I said. \"We have no idea which one.\" \"We cant take out an armored truck during rush hour.\" Rob said. \"We're already set up to do it. Napster, gridlock every route except for the one we choose.\" Charlie said. \"Force that truck to go exactly where we want it to go.\" \"Where do we want it to go? We cant have a shoot-out with armed guards. We'd loose.\" Rob said. \"We do it like the Italian job.\" Charlie said. Charlie went to answer his phone. \"I like it.\" I said. \"It's familiar and some what simpler that we know how it'll go.\" Rob and Stella smiled at me. \"You told him that?\" Charlie said loud enough to catch all of our attention. \"Look I need a favor.\" We couldn't hear what else he had to say we figured he would tell us later. We all went back to work on our various jobs we had.[Chapter 15] We were on time and in position. Go time was coming up fast. \"Check positions.\" Charlie said. \"Napster?\" \"I'm on position.\" Lyle's voice came through. He was at the Union station with his computer. \"Handsome Rob?\" \"In position. Everything's quite, Charlie.\" Rob's voice came through. He and Left Ear where at Steve's house on the look out. \"Wrench?\" \"All set.\" came his voice. He had set up our trap. I was once again in the car on the passengers side with Stella. Charlie was in front of us. The emotions from the night before came back. This was one reason I loved this job. \"Charlie, we got an uninvited visitor. Some motorcycle guard following the truck.\" Rob said. \"We will deal with it.\" Charlie said. \"Who are these cats?\" Left Ear said. \"Whats wrong?\" Charlie said. \"Charlie you wont believe this. He's brought in three armored trucks.\" Rob said. \"It's a shell game. Shell game now.\" Left Ear said. \"Well, boss, I cant reroute the truck if I don't know which truck to reroute.\" Lyle said. \"Just go with the one Steve follows in the helicopter.\" I said. I looked at Stella. \"Remember you said he would never let that gold out of his sight.\" Stella said. \"Unless he is playing us, and he is.\" Charlie said. \"Here we go. They're pulling out\" Rob said. \"Napster, pull up the traffic cameras you're watching. Where's the first camera the trucks go past?\" Charlie asked. \"Vine and Yucca; they're all going to cross there.\" Lyle said. \"See which one is riding low.\" Charlie said. \"First one is... First two are the same, so.... Houston, we have our truck. It is number 128.\" Lyle said. \"Okay, guys, truck 128 has turned right heading west.\" I looked in the rear view mirror as Rob pulled up in the white Mini behind us. \"Gridlock time.\" Charlie said. \"They are about to hit a major detour and be sent your way.\" Lyle said. The emotions and feelings started to grow as time went on. I could see Stella was the same way. \"Oops. You'll... never... shut down... the real... Napster.\" Lyle said. \"I think he gets to much excitement and joy out of this.\" I said. Everyone laughed in agreement. \"Okay I am opening up space on Highland.\" Lyle said. \"And he's taking it. I now command you to turn left. Yeah you did. You did.\" We all were looking in the mirrors to see if we could see the truck as it passed us. \"Give us the flag.\" Charlie said to Lyle. \"Metro just passed through the station. You are clear for 90 seconds. Go.\" Lyle said, and just like that we were off. Following Charlie onto the side walk, around in the opposite direction of where the truck was heading. \"Come on Steve.\" Charlie said as he took the turn down the stairs to the station below ground. We followed almost bumper to bumper. \"30 seconds and counting.\" Lyle reminded us. We drove down the station and saw the train. \"15 seconds, either your blocked in or paint on the train.\" \"Go, go, go, come on.\" Left Ear was saying. \"Stay right on me, this is going to be tight.\" Charlie said as he drove in front of the train. We followed shortly after and Rob barely made it. \"You're going to stop right there.\" Lyle said to the train. We drove through the train tunnels underground for a couple of minutes until we got into position. We parked the cars and got out and opened the trunks and got everything ready. \"OK guys. Coming into position.\" Wrench said. \"Stay cool.\" Lyle said. We all got into positions and waited as Wrench counted down from 10. \"Three... Two... one.\" and the explosion blew the truck to where we were. Worked like a charm. \"Damn...\" Left Ear said. I smiled at that. Then the cover was put where we just made a big hole. Rob shot the gas bomb into the truck gassing the drivers. Charlie, Left Ear and I pried open the back doors, as Stella got ready. \"We have another problem guys. This isn't the Worthington 1000.\" Stella said we all looked at the truck, sure enough it wasn't. \"He switched safes on us.\" \"Can you do it?\" I asked. \"It's Israeli made. Its got a glass re-lock system. There is a pane of glass right here behind this door. And if I don't drill perfectly through that hole, steel rods snap into place and you cant open the safe. And then we're up shit creek.\" Stella said. I stood over by the cars where Left Ear and Rob were. There was nothing I could do until the safe is opened.[Chapter 16] Stella began drilling through the safe. All of us were standing there with our fingers crossed. \"So, what are your plans when we get through this?\" Rob said in a low voice. \"If we get through this, you mean? I think I may go to England. I've never been there and I have always wanted to go. Or Tuscany since we didn't go to that part of Italy.\" I said I looked up at him. \"What are you planning?\" \"Get my Aston Martin.\" he said with a smile. I laughed and rolled my eyes. After a second or two of silence he broke it again. \"Maybe one of these days I can take you for a ride in the Aston Martin in Tuscany.\" He said. This took me by surprise. I was about to say something when Stella's urgent voice interrupted me. \"I think I just cracked the glass. I don't think it broke though. I cant drill it again. I have to do it by touch.\" Stella said. Now the adrenaline mixed with the nerves were mixing together. We all stood there in silence letting her concentrate. She had her moment of doubt and she confided in Charlie. I was in the back still silent and standing still. Left Ear and Rob were pacing making me nervous. After her moment of doubt she continued to work on the safe. Time was wasting away we all knew it. But then she got it and opened the safe. \"Slide.\" Charlie said. And we all got to work. Rob and I walked up to the safe with all the gold and set up the top part of the slide. \"Hey don't you want to see whats inside?\" Charlie asked Stella. \"Absolutely.\" She said and spun around. \"Napster,\" Charlie said to Lyle. \"Ya?\" Lyle said. \"13 across, four high, four deep.\" Charlie said as Rob and I slid the bricks to the cars below. \"That's, uh, 208 bricks.\" Lyle said. \"How much?\" Charlie asked. \"2.7 million.\" Lyle said. \"What?\" Charlie asked. \"Uh no its 27. That's 27 Million! That's 27 million dollars worth of gold.\" Lyle said. We all made some remark to that. \"YEAH!\" Lyle yelled in the microphone. \"Got the... Holy Spirit. You should get on it. It's a good train.\" he said covering up. I started to laugh at him. We piled the bricks two three at a time down the slide into the cars. Soon they were all full and the safe was empty. We got in the cars and sped off. \"What do you think John?\" Charlie said out loud. We all smiled at that and I knew it. I looked over at Stella. She was grinning like a mad woman. \"27 million.\" Rob said. \"Say it again.\" Left Ear said. \"27 million.\" \"Say it again.\" \"27 million!\" Stella and I laughed in the car as Charlie was unlocking the gate in front of us. We sped through the tunnels. \"Two motorcycles on us Charlie.\" Rob said. We looked in our mirrors sure enough we did. One of the motorcyclists started shooting. \"Shit!\" Rob said as he shook one off. \"Here we go!\" Charlie said. We were coming up to the drop. We sped out and almost flipped over as the front bumper hit the ground. \"Whoa!\" Stella and I both yelled with grins on our faces. \"Come on guys we're moving.\" Charlie said to Rob who got the other motorcyclist. We were soon greeted by a helicopter. It had to be none other than Steve. We drove through a golf field, and back onto the street. \"Come on.\" I said. We drove in and out of traffic thanks to Lyle all the lights green. \"I'm gonna take Steve. You guys go straight to Union Station. I'll meet you there.\" Charlie said as he took a left and we kept going straight. \"Okay Charlie, I'm opening up a spot on lower Grand.\" Lyle said to Charlie. \"Take your next left.\" We kept weaving in and out of traffic and finally hit the Union Station. We drove through the gravel and over tracks until we hit our destination. Wrench was waiting for us and guided us into the train.[Chapter 17] Well guys this is the last chapter for this story... the sequal will come out when the 2nd Italian Job comes out... yes there is a second one coming out in 2011... its called the Brazilan Job look it up on ... anyway please review and enjoy :D We parked the cars inside the train car and got out and waited for Charlie. We only had to wait a couple of minutes until he arrived. We walked out of the train car and down the platform. Rob carrying one of the cases. We circled around to the other side of the train car and stepped in. Charlie appeared when Steve was about to walk inside. We were standing behind the other door on the platform to listen to all of this. \"I got to hand it to you Steve. You actually played this one pretty smart. Decoy trucks, you switched safes. The helicopter routine. I mean that was pretty damn good. But now I've got the gold and you. You've got nothing.\" Charlie said. \"I got this.\" Steve said pulling out a gun. \"So cut the crap and give me my goddamn gold!\" A gun behind Steve clicked proving it was ready to shoot. It was the Ukrainians. Steve held his hands up and they took his gun. \"Who the hell are you?\" Steve asked one of the Ukrainians standing next to Charlie now. \"I am Mashkov, and you killed my cousin Yevhen.\" The Ukrainian said. \"Got to have some insurance, Steve.\" Charlie said. We opened the other door the rest of the way, exposing ourselves. We stood behind Charlie smiling and arms folded. Stella went and stood by Charlie. \"Yevhen was already dead when I got there. I'm sorry about that, but Yevhen dealt with a lot of unsavory people. Now this guy is trying to play you. \" Steve said trying to save his ass. \"You were right\" Mashkov said. \"no imagination.\" \"There's a lot of gold in there. We're the only ones with guns. I'll make you a good deal.\" Steve said. Rob handed the case to Charlie and Charlie handed it to Mashkov. \"I've already made my deal.\" Mashkov said. Stella walked over to Steve. \"What do you want?\" Steve asked. \"You know this was never about the gold.\" She said to him. \"Whatever helps you sleep at night sweetheart.\" he said to her. She threw her hand back and collided it with his face. I stood there and laughed. Along with everyone else who wasn't Steve. The Ukrainians took him away. \"Bitch. Charlie! Come on, Charlie!\" he pleaded. No one answered him as he was dragged away. Charlie hugged Stella. And we all walked off to the train car that we would be in until we reached our destinations. Charlie went and got the champagne and we stood there talking about the heist. \"Guys. I want to make a toast.\" Charlie said coming over with the last two champagne glasses for Stella and himself. \"To John Bridger, the most brilliant master planner of all. Father and friend.\" \"To my dad.\" Stella said as we all clinked the glasses together and drank. \"So,\" Rob said sitting next to me as everyone else went back to talking. \"You never gave me an answer to my car and Tuscany.\" he said and gave me his charming smile. I smiled and laughed. I leaned in and kissed him. After a moment or two everyone started whooping and hollering. I broke the kiss and looked at him. \"Yes, but I get to drive.\" I said he was about to rebuttal that as I kissed him again. \"What the hell have I missed?\" Lyle asked sitting next to us in complete shock. We broke the kiss and drank again and continued talking about the heist and our plans. The only difference was I was sitting by Rob with his arm around my shoulders dreaming of our soon to be ride in Tuscany. ","Summary":" Authors note: Hey guys! New story I hope you like it. Please review! The breeze of the Italian air "},{"Movie":"Cool World","Title":"Deebes Legacy","Author":"Akktri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10513307","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As I stood in the cemetery, dressed in my tuxedo, staring down at my father's tombstone, the first thing that came to my mind was that we were only burying a symbol, for closure. There was no body. No remains. Hence no coffin. No urn. Just a marble headstone with the epitaph, \"THAT'S ALL FOLKS.\" Dad wanted one of his crazy cartoons etched into it, but he didn't have the money. It was a nice funeral, but I felt no more closure than I did before we arbitrarily declared him dead. I still thought he might be hiding out in Japan with all those Anime types. If you've read anything at all about me in the Nevada papers, you'll believe me when I say I never knew my father. I was still in my mother's womb when dad killed Mr. Glenwood in a fit of jealous rage. Mom was Mrs. Deebes back then, but dad was \"too busy with his damn cartoons to pay attention to her,\" so she started sneaking out with a gynecologist she met at the health club. When dad caught them sleeping together, he shot him. I heard the guy pulled a knife or something, but the guy was naked and clearly in the middle of something, so I'm not sure how they brought it down from murder one to manslaughter. Dad's bedroom. Dad's dresser. Dad's gun. He clearly had the home field advantage. I've often wondered what it would have been like if he'd premeditated a bit further, maybe stayed off the police radar enough to be a real father to me. At least, for awhile. While he was serving time in a federal penitentiary, mom was busy getting sonograms and throwing up. Thanks to the divorce settlement, and a part time job at a doctor's office (not the gynecologist, of course), she got cared for well enough. Even though dad couldn't do that much from prison, he did have a successful comic book franchise going, and that's what he used to pay for alimony and child support. From what I heard, Jack Deebes was a model prisoner. His good behavior earned him a cell to himself, access to a drawing table, and art supplies that most inmates are forbidden access to. That good behavior also got him out of prison early. I don't remember a lot about the incidents immediately following his release. The papers said that some terrorist released a million gallons of lysergic acid into the Las Vegas water supply. I guess there might be something to that, the way dozens of people are still reporting strange flashbacks and weird delusions about being turned into animated cartoons, but that answer never completely satisfied me. I think I was about three or four when it happened. To this day, I swear I remember suddenly becoming a mouse with unnaturally illuminated paws the color of Bugs Bunny's butt. I remember laying in my crib, staring at my fingers until a pink cartoon elephant dressed like mom saw me and shrieked in pachyderm fashion. Whenever I tell mom about it, she just tells me I'm making things up. Maybe she's right. Or maybe I did ingest some of that acid when I was little. No one knows what happened to my dad after he was sighted at that hotel. One witness swears my dad turned his hands into animated ones and climbed to the top of the building, but everyone says the witness was high. I guess we all were. What he was doing up there on top of that hotel, I have no idea. Someone said he was fighting a woman, or a man, or escaping from the cops. Some say he is the one who put the LSD in our water supply, and the cops were hunting him down. Some say he got pulled into oblivion by that big black cloud everyone seemed to be hallucinating. Mom said he merely shared a room with a strange whore/singer from the hotel, that there wasn't anything supernatural about it. The idea seems plausible enough. After all, witnesses at the epicenter of the whole mess claim that a woman in a tight skirt enthralled casino goers by seducing a lounge singer with a thoroughly suggestive performance of Sinatra's Let's Make Love just moments before transforming into a cartoon clown. When alimony stopped, and his taxes went unpaid for so long, the FBI went on a manhunt for dad, but they didn't find anything. From what mom heard from one of the officers, he was seen purchasing his own books at a comic book shop. Twice he was spotted by neighbors going out of his house, once with a scantily clad blonde woman in a bun hairdo, once with a square jawed gentleman in a raggedy 1940's style two piece suit. He visited briefly with one of the neighbors, a teenaged blonde girl named Jessica, from whom he borrowed transportation. Mom thinks he drove her to the hotel/casino and slept with her, but none of the witnesses spotted her in the hotel proper. My mother thinks she matches the description of the hotel floozy to a T, but from the reports, the blonde seems to be several inches taller, and at least a decade older. The weirdest thing about the Cool World comic book series is that it kept going, even after my father's disappearance. The FBI and the IRS have both investigated the matter as far as they possibly could, but nothing added up. The publisher claimed that the packages just started showing up at his door. Upon searching, the police found no return addresses on the shipments, no customs forms, no distinct clues as to their origin. Brand new comics, all done in my father's style. Although suspicious, they were not considered substantial proof that my father was still alive. Someone could be doing forgeries. The cops even insinuated that I did them, even though I have no idea why I would ever invent a character like Amanda Bunny. Amanda was weird. A stylized cartoon character in one panel, a hyperrealistic human portrait in the next. I couldn't even follow what was going on with her half the time. Yet there was something about her curves, those hips, the way her body was shaped...I just couldn't stop staring at the pictures. One time the police sat me down and tried to make me draw Amanda. I failed miserably. I draw with my left hand. I can't make more than a stick figure, yet they were unconvinced by my absolute lack of skill. They accused me of holding out. I even met with a police psychologist. You know, just to make absolutely certain Sybil wasn't drawing those pictures while Sane Me pretended to fail art class. Math. Science. Gym. Those were the main classes I aced at school. I got a diploma, got a job, planned to take out a student loan for med school in the upcoming fall semester. I thought I'd study hard, get myself a practical, well paying job. All those plans changed when I started poking around \"The Deebes' Estate\", that itty bitty piece of shit rental property two miles south of the Vegas strip. It seemed my acid induced nightmares were only beginning.[Chapter 2] There wasn't much of any estate for me to inherit. In between the rent and the alimony and the legal fees, dad's royalty checks from the comics just barely covered his day to day living expenses. Two months after the incident, the property manager, noticing that the rent hadn't been paid, put up an eviction notice. A few weeks after that, after the second and final eviction notice, a group of guys from Temp Labor took all his things to the dumpster. My mother, of course, upon receiving a query from the owner, managed, probably illegally, to swoop in there beforehand, snatching up whatever valuable items she could find, furniture, prints, originals, premium art supplies. The rest went to the curb. Dad's will was poorly conceived, and his ex-wife's lawyers poked it full of holes. Mom got dibs on just about everything that wasn't in the house. Some of my favorite limited edition prints ended up being claimed and sold at auctions so mom could buy jewelry and fancy clothes at big end retailers. I was just a baby at the time. I didn't get a choice about what got thrown out. For a long time, I was apathetic about the whole business. I mean, despite the lack of meaningful contact with my father, the sales and the court imposed garnishments on his royalties fed me and put clothes on my back for a large portion of my life. I thought I would go through adulthood without seeing a scrap of my father's real life until I met the strange woman at the funeral. She was a curly haired blonde with glasses, reminding me of the picture of dad's accomplice they showed in newspapers. I never knew what happened to that infamous stranger. I've driven past dad's old rental flat numerous times over the years, but only stopped and looked around a couple. His neighbors were largely unfriendly and aloof. When I had visited Diamond Bar Homes as a young child, I had seen a young woman spying on me and mom from a window. Instead of coming out and greeting us, she only threw the curtains shut really fast. I often wondered if our voyeur had been the same woman as in the newspaper, but she never appeared when I knocked on her door. Honestly, I'm not that good with faces, so I had no way of telling if it were her. Plus I had only been a baby at the time of the incident. I wouldn't have spoken to the stranger at all, had I not noticed her unusual outfit. The woman, roughly thirty years older than me, had on a shiny black dress with a slit running up the side. The neckline was plunging, entirely the wrong type of thing to wear to a funeral, even if she did wear a t-shirt and little black boyshorts underneath. Of course, I excused all this because we didn't have a body, the funeral was outside, and a cluster of devoted fans stood nearby, the women there clad in outfits more revealing than that. The social faux pas, in and of itself, wasn't the weird part. That's Desperate Housewives stuff. What was weird was the material of the dress. It looked like it had been painted on. I don't mean skin tight. I mean literally painted with a big brush , and the paint was still wet. How it stayed on her body and covered anything defied physics. The paint surrounded her plump figure like plastic, but didn't cling. Instead it rippled, like liquid. The more I stared at the black material, the more I associated it with the times I'd watched cartoons with my face too close to the screen, and how the characters looked as the paint made slight movements from frame to frame to frame. The puff sleeves and a portion of the skirt section appeared to be regular silk, but the rest I expected to see coming out of Walt Disney's inkwell with a blinking set of googly eyes. Throughout the ceremony, I stole glances at her. She was only about ten years younger than my mother, so it was mostly out of curiosity. When this farce of a funeral ended, I noticed her trying to sneak away, behavior consistent with the aloof loner type I'd seen at Diamond Bar. I immediately rushed up to her before she could escape. \"Hey!\" I cried. \"Who are you?\" She looked nervous. \"I was a good friend of your father.\" \"Aha!\" I said. \"The dress! The famous Holli Would! I knew it! I have so much to ask you!\" The woman burst out laughing. \"I wish!\" Her smile dropped. \"You're his kid, aren't you? Andrew, right?\" I nodded. \"Who are you, then?\" \"Jessica Malley. I work for United Health. Your father was my next door neighbor.\" She let out a sigh. \"What do you want to know?\" \"What happened after my dad got out of prison?\" I blurted. Jessica glanced back and forth, as if afraid to be overheard. \"A lot of stuff. I know it might sound crazy, but I don't believe in the lysergic acid theory.\" \"But the hallucinations!\" I protested. \"How do you account for that?\" She tugged on the flowing ink of her dress. \"How do you account for this ?\" My mouth fell open, speechless. \"But...\" \"Think you're hallucinating now?\" \"It stays in your system a long time,\" I fumbled. \"Think what you want,\" she said. \"But if you want answers, I've got them.\" My mother, clad in a kind of slutty dress herself, marched up to me, tugging on my arm. \"C'mon, Drew. Let's go.\" \"Drew, \" Jessica chuckled. \" That's cute .\" \"Wait,\" I told mom. \" She knew father. \" \"She was your father's whore, \" mom snapped. I shoved her arm away. \"I don't care. I want to talk to her.\" Mom gave me a cold glare. \"You want to stay and talk to that tramp? Fine. But you'll have to find your own way home! \" \"There's plenty of room in my car,\" Jessica said with a smile. I raised an eyebrow, giving her a nod. I could see mom's face flushing red. \"Fine!\" she shouted. \" I hope the funeral home tows your car!\" She stomped away from the grave site, slamming the door as she climbed into the limo. \"To think your father murdered someone for her,\" Jessica said as she watched her go. She gave me an apologetic smile. \"Want to go out for coffee or something?\" Like I'd really say no at this point. Jessica owned a little red Honda four door, its seats and the spaces between crammed with art supplies, comic books, dolls, and books on the paranormal. She had whole sketchbooks full of confusing notes and meticulous renderings of my father's characters. Betty Boop seat covers. A Thundercats medallion dangling from the rearview. The interior smelled of paint, linseed oil, Chinese take-out and a tinge of marijuana. I didn't really expect a straight answer from someone so mentally deranged, but even a patient at an asylum can occasionally provide concrete facts about the building in which they reside. I chose to take everything con grano salo . When we pulled away from the curb, trailing the procession out, I said, \"Did you sleep with him?\" As an afterthought, I qualified it with, \"Ever?\" \"Well,\" she said, looking a bit pink. \"No. I mean, I thought about it a couple times, but he's way older than me. Mostly I just really really love his comics.\" \"You talk about him like he's still alive.\" \"Oh he is!\" she said as she took a turn out of the cemetery. \"He is.\" \"But how do you know?\" \"I'm one of the last people that saw him,\" she said. We rolled through dusty Nevada neighborhoods. A depressing lack of color. All sand and sagebrush and cacti. Ugly one story buildings, cigarette shops and taco stands. All the color appeared to have drained into the Strip, leaving outlying areas desolate. Jessica tugged on her sleeve. \"You know, this dress once belonged to Holli Would?\" \"The woman who was at the hotel?\" She nodded. \"Are you friends with her?\" She shook her head and sighed. \"It would be nice!\" \"So you just like to raid her closet.\" \"She didn't have a closet. She just left her things behind in a bunch of suitcases like she were traveling or something. She didn't even come back to pick them up.\" \"That's nice for you, \" I said. \"I'd say so.\" I chuckled. \"What's with all the junk in the back seat?\" \"I'm trying to create what your father made. I know it sounds crazy, but there's something that he did, and if I can just figure out what it was...\" She trailed off. \"You think you can create your own franchise.\" She laughed. \"You're thinking too small.\" My eyes widened. \"You actually want the whole nine yards? Movie deals? Action figures? That's your angle?\" Jessica giggled and shook her head. \"You're still thinking too small. Look. Money doesn't even enter the equation. I've got something much bigger in mind.\" I gawked at her. \"You're starting a religion? Around my dad's comic books?\" Jessica scrunched up her face. \"Your mother raised you to be a very closed minded boy. It's sad.\" \"Then what?\" I said. \"What's your angle?\" \"Do you believe in parallel universes?\" I frowned at one of her pseudoscientific books. \"Not exactly. They're only theoretical. Makes for great television. That's about it.\" \"They're not entirely theoretical.\" Jessica pulled to a stop in a Starbucks parking lot, offering a section of her flickering painted dress for me to touch. At first, I hesitated. I mean, I was only a toddler when she was running around with my dad, and she basically wanted me to touch her body, but then I relented. This was only a demonstration. The substance felt like paint, silky and liquid, but my fingers came away dry. The material stretched like normal clothing when you tugged on it. \"You're saying this came from a parallel universe.\" \"How else would you explain it?\" \"I don't know,\" I admitted. \"It could be a new space age fabric. I don't see what this has to do with my dad's comics.\" Jessica rolled her eyes. \"Okay. Nobody can see this but you and me, and I can only show you for a second.\" I raised my hand in protest. \"I don't do older women.\" \"What!\" her face flushed red. \"That wasn't even what I was going to show you! You're as bad as your father!\" \"So he did flirt with you.\" \"No,\" she said. \"But he has a reputation...\" \"So do you,\" I returned. Frowning, she said, \"Fair enough. Look. It's in the glove box.\" She undid the latch on the compartment. \"I'm only going to show you this for a second, so keep your eyes and your mind open.\" \"Okay,\" I muttered, confident that she was crazy. The compartment contained a single neon blue high heeled slipper, one with blinking eyes and a bow. Animated. \"Holy shit!\" I cried. \"That's from a Disney-!\" She slammed the compartment shut. \"Do you understand now?\" I stared at her, unable to formulate a response. \"Cool World is real,\" she said. \"Your father's comics. Cartoon characters. It's all real.\"[Chapter 3] We took a booth in the back corner of the establishment, out of reach of prying eyes and ears. Jessica had brought along her purse and a pair of sketchbooks, appropriate for typical Starbucks clientele. She got the mocha, I got a tart apple caramel thing. She paid because she was the nut job with the story. Of course, if I really had thought her crazy, I would have tacked handfuls of those expensive desserts onto her bill. \"I was in high school when I met your father,\" she told me. I was expecting to hear an unrequested tale about his love life, but she didn't go that route. \"I saw him move in, after he got released from prison. There were weird lights flashing in the house that night. At first, I thought it was the TV.\" She sipped her drink. \"But then the woman appeared. Holli. She acted like a total flake. I see them driving off together. \"Your dad came back, and that's when I came over to investigate. I saw a handsome cop guy hanging out with your dad, and your dad said that Holli took his car, so I let him borrow my mother's ride. After all, he said we were saving the world.\" \"What did you see at the casino?\" I said. \"To tell the truth, not much. I didn't go in. I was kinda weirded out by the whole `being turned into Little Orphan Annie' thing.\" \"The hallucinations.\" She shook her head. \"I don't know what Holli did up on top of that hotel, but I saw this black inky stuff flying out...\" She tugged on her dress to illustrate. \"And everything got changed into a cartoon. Jack said it had something to do with a spike, but I didn't understand it completely. I still don't. \"They had a big fight, Holli and your dad. Jack somehow made his hands cartoony and flew up to the roof, and somewhere along the lines, the cop guy got thrown off the side. \"Your dad must have won the fight, because then all the cartoon stuff vanished. That's all I know.\" \"That's a lot to swallow,\" I said. She offered me a straw. \"No, I mean, your story.\" She gave me a look that said, `Oh well, I tried.' \"Look, you asked for what really happened, and I told you what really happened. It's not my fault if you don't believe me.\" An awkward silence followed. \"All right,\" I said. \"What's the deal with the sketchbooks? You're not franchising or starting a cult, so what are you doing with them?\" She spread one of them open for me to see. An elaborately detailed sketch of a street leading down a stretch of tall twisting buildings. \"Nugget Street. I've pieced it together through a careful study of Cool World issues one to eleven. It wasn't easy with all those character heads and bodies and objects in the way, but I think I've got it rendered just about accurately enough to open a doorway.\" I laughed. \"You're trying to transport yourself into a drawing.\" I saw no mirth on her face. No sign of this being a joke. \"I either want to go in, or pull something out.\" \"Admittedly,\" I stammered. \"You have an animated shoe and animated clothes, but going into the drawing...art is only an illusion we make with inks and brushes on a two dimensional surface. Even video and sculpture have their limitations.\" I sighed as I admired her form through the rippling animated dress. \"How did you get that thing you're wearing? Or the shoe? I mean, you shouldn't be trying to figure these things out when you've got something from Toon Land already.\" She rolled her eyes. \"I found these completely by accident. Your mother threw a bunch of Holli's luggage into the dumpster and I just dug them out. If I knew how the stuff got here, we wouldn't be having this conversation. I would be there already.\" \"So how's the sketch been working for you?\" \"It's not,\" Jessica groaned. She turned the page, revealing a folded blueprint. When she unfurled it, I could see it was a map of High Desert State Prison. \"Should I even ask?\" She pointed to one of the jail cells, highlighted and circled several times. \"This is where your father spent ten years of his life, drawing his cartoons. I believe the prison has some kind of connection to Cool World that goes beyond his obsession. Something about that precise geographic location at that exact period of time. \"The Celts weren't around in this region of the world, so I'm thinking Indians. Shamanic magic, maybe. Or wormholes. Your father was like the key, the chosen one or something. Somehow he triggered a path to a parallel universe, or the spirit world.\" I paled. \"And you think this path is through a jail. Don't tell me you intend to break in.\" \"I thought about it,\" she said, turning the page. \"The only trouble is, I think I'd have to murder someone for it to activate.\" I frowned at the clipped article about my father killing my mother's lover. \"I'd definitely draw the line at murder,\" I said. \"No pun intended. If your little scheme to open the doorway doesn't work, you're looking at the death penalty. And for what?\" \"Yeah,\" she muttered, looking like she'd do it if she knew she'd get away with it. \"It's like the Oracle at Delphi,\" I said. \"I think he may have been sitting over a volcanic fissure and breathing in the fumes, making him hallucinate all kinds of stuff.\" \"There are no active volcanoes in Nevada,\" she said. \"Okay, so maybe he's breathing in Radon or something. The point is, maybe there's a perfectly logical scientific explanation for what happened, and you're trying to make blood sacrifices to cause the sun to go up.\" \"What about the shoes?\" she prodded. \"Well...\" I couldn't think of anything to say about that, so I didn't try. The next page in her book contained a series of snapshots of a casino. \"The Union Plaza Hotel,\" she said. \"Your father's last known whereabouts. I believe the `spike' that he referred to, or maybe a doorway to the other dimension, some kind of point of origin for animated beings, is located somewhere up on the roof. Since the big battle up there, I've seen a few new security measures put in place, but I think they've let their guard down over the years, so there could be a strong chance of bypassing it without detection.\" I remembered that the newspapers had mentioned Holli's fixation with locating some mafioso that probably only existed in her mind. \"You think Vegas Vinnie set up all that security?\" I joked. She stared at me like it were a serious question. \"I don't think so. He disappeared with the other cartoons when the spike or whatever got replaced.\" I gawked at her. \"Vinnie's a real guy?\" Jessica gave me a nod. \"I hope you're not planning to break in the place.\" She shrugged. \"It's hell of a lot easier. You don't even have to kill anyone... \" Jessica turned the page and I saw character sketches, along with photographs of dad at his drafting table. \"Somehow, I think Jack could just draw things, people, and make them come to life. Or maybe summon existing creatures from another dimension to this one. I've heard rumors that Jack Kirby possesses a rare gem that allows him to draw amazing comic books and make them come to life. Unsubstantiated, of course, but I had to examine photographs of your dad's work space to make sure he didn't have some magical artifacts himself. \"In these photographs, I've studied his tools, his clothes, his environment, but I still can't seem to make sense of it. How did he bring Holli into our world?\" \"You're implying that she's a fictional character made real. That's nuts.\" \"She is. That's what's so amazing about it. I'm wearing a piece of fiction.\" I frowned. The fabric was definitely science fiction, I'd give her that. I mean, a decade ago, cel phones were science fiction. \"She's not fictional, though. She's in the paper. She was on television news.\" \"Are you saying she's not merely because of some news stories?\" \"Yes?\" \"Well you're wrong. Have you even looked at your father's comics?\" \"I glanced at them. \" \"Then you know I'm on to something.\" \"You're entitled to your opinion,\" I said. \"As crazy as your opinion is. Speaking of which, I think you're over analyzing things a little too much. I mean, what if he didn't do anything to open up this portal you keep talking about? What if she brought him to her? \" \"I thought about that. But if that were the case, I'd never be able to go there.\" \"Maybe you can't. Did you ever think about that?\" \"Of course I did,\" she pouted. \"But it wouldn't be fair. I have all her things. I wrote her messages. You'd think something would attract her notice.\" Losing patience with the whole conversation, I said, \"I'd like to get back to the funeral parlor. I don't want my car towed.\" \"Not yet,\" she said. \"We've still got time.\" I sighed. \"Enough time to hear your crazy theories?\" \"They're not just theories. I thought seeing the physical evidence would have convinced you of that.\" \"Yeah?\" I said with exasperation. \"But you're never going to find what you're looking for. It's not physically possible.\" \"Your dad did it somehow.\" \"I don't know about that,\" I said. \"I know mom always said he was `in his own little world', but there's no evidence he actually went anywhere. Things came out, maybe, but that's all I can gather.\" \"Jack told me himself that Cool World is real.\" \"I'll have to take that with a grain of salt,\" I scoffed. \"Listen. This is important. Do you know anything else about Holli Would? Anything at all?\" \"Not really. I'm still not convinced that the woman in the news stories is a fictional character. What I can't figure out why a real woman would want to name herself after a comic book character. Especially one as ridiculous as Holli.\" \"It's not completely unreasonable.\" The expression on her face looked dead serious. \"So you admit it. You're really her.\" \"No. I said I wished I was her . There's a difference. I can wish to be Sandra Bollock but that doesn't mean I am her.\" She sighed. \"So you don't know anything about her at all?\" \"Sorry. I was just a baby at the time.\" I could tell by the look on her face that she had just received a flash of inspiration. \"I got it! We'll check into the Union Plaza and take a look around!\" I swallowed. \"We?\" \"It's the next logical step. When I was alone, I didn't dare try it. The rooms closest to the roof are honeymoon suites, and they have guards patrolling the hallways, you know, because of the incident. Maybe now that you're here...\" Me and her in a honeymoon suite? And after my dad's funeral? The last thing I wanted was an `I told you so' from mother! I shook my head violently. \"Unh-uh. No way.\" \"I'm not asking you for sex. We just have to look like we're supposed to be there, that's all. And I, um, need some money.\" I grimaced. \"How much money.\" The Union Plaza was a tall building, rows of windows separated by pillar-like stripes of concrete and metal running from the top of the casino to the roof, where dying neon signs flashed their images. The interior, due to all the remodeling over the years, had the same bland homogenized layout as any other hotel in the United States. Once you got through the casino and past the check in area, the rooms were all the same, the hallway conformed to a generic template, the carpets a mellow green in uninteresting patterns. Dull confetti wallpaper, framed pictures on the walls not reflecting anything in particular about the place in which it stood. Abstract paintings, western landscapes, that kind of thing. When I stuck the card key into the door to the suite and looked around, I wondered again how I let myself get talked into this. There was only one bed, a fuzzy red-purple thing, framed by purple curtains, mirrors and neon. The moment the two of us set foot inside the room, people would already be making assumptions. Jessica carried her suitcase into the room while I nervously seated myself on the bed, staring at the fake gold statues of Venus and Cupid, the waiting hot tub. I stared out a big circular window, more than likely mirrored on the outside. The room was an incredibly far distance from the ground. I didn't relish visiting the roof. \"I'm going to change clothing,\" Jessica said, stepping into the bathroom with the luggage. I flopped on the bed, staring at the ceiling. My reflection stared down at me from a full length mirror. Tasteless. Completely and utterly tasteless. For a moment, I thought I saw something peering at me from the corner of the glass, something in an unnaturally bright peach, but then it vanished. I figured it was only a product of my overworked imagination. \"What do you think?\" I sat up, turned my head, and found my mouth hanging open in shock. I thought she intended to change into jeans. Instead, she strode out of the bathroom in a blue silk teddy and garters, stockings and heels. I was so startled that I jumped backwards, rolled off the bed, and hit my head on the floor. \"No offense,\" I blurted. \"But no thanks. Like I said, you were in high school or something when I was a baby. I must be going.\" I threw the door open, stumbling into the hallway. That's when I saw the giant cartoon mouse fiddling with the ice machine. The moment our eyes met, it cried \"Shit!\" and scurried away. I tried to give chase, but the moment I made the first jogging steps, I felt a small hand grabbing my collar. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see the blue silk. \"We're consenting adults,\" she purred. I reddened. \"But-!\" And I was dragged back into the suite.[Chapter 4] \"I saw a cartoon mouse,\" I cried as Jessica slammed the door shut. \"Sure.\" She undid my tie. \" Anything to distract me from this.\" She shoved me against the wall, kissing me. \"Honest to God!\" I shouted as I pulled away from her. \"It was real! It was playing with the ice machine!\" \"Let's play with something else.\" She unbuttoned my suit coat. I frowned at her outfit. Avoiding sex hadn't been the only reason for me jumping off the bed and hitting my head on the floor. As my eyes traveled downwards, I quickly came to the conclusion that she wasn't merely obsessed, she was insane. Instead of letting the airy silk be itself and cling to her curves, she had sown patches all over it. Daisy Duck. Roger Rabbit. Hello Kitty. Fifi Skunk. There were others. She must have been planning something like this for months. Unless those were her normal evening clothes... The one sown onto the front of her panties was (what else) a cartoon beaver. \"That's a tad immature...the patches, I mean...\" Jessica ran a hand down her outfit. \"Let's make it mature.\" \"Are you trying to make yourself feel young, or are you just trying to make me think of you as a kid?\" She shrugged. \"Maybe both?\" \"I know, you're trying to make me more comfortable with this by trying to relate to a younger generation. That's it, isn't it?\" \"Maybe I just want you to feel my patches !\" She pressed me against the wall, tasting all the parts of my mouth. \"Let's not do this,\" I protested. \"I know, I know, we're technically consenting adults, but...\" \"See? You said it yourself. We're consenting . We implies you , which means you just gave your consent. What more do we need to discuss?\" \"Actually,\" I said. \"I didn't mean it that way. I never actually gave my consent, and I don't feel that this is the right time-\" \"You're not gay, are you?\" I shook my head. \"I'm not that ugly, am I?\" \"Why do you want me? What is it that attracts you to me so much?\" She threw my coat aside, unbuttoning my shirt. \"You know more than you're telling about Cool World.\" \"I'm not,\" I said. \"Me and dad weren't even close.\" She kissed me some more, removing the rest of the buttons. \"Someone's been making Cool World comics. Continuing the series. Even without your father being here. Care to explain?\" \"It wasn't me. I don't know any more than you do about that.\" \"A pity.\" She unbuckled my belt. \"Look. You think I'd be asking you all these dumb questions and being skeptical about it if I knew something?\" She kissed me again, sliding my shirt off. \"Well, maybe you don't know anything, but you have your father's blood... \" \"And you think by bearing some, you can open a gate to Cool World.\" She gave my pants a tug, and they slid to the floor, leaving me standing in my boxer shorts. \"You got a better idea?\" I started to say something, but then her tongue was in my mouth. When I got my lips free enough to talk, I said, \"As fun as this is, I actually do think there is a better way.\" She pressed her body against mine, sliding her hands down my shorts. \"You sure?\" I pulled her hand away. \"Positive. I wasn't joking about the mouse.\" I pulled my pants back on, haphazardly tugging my shirt around my shoulders as I drew the door open. Jessica was throwing on one of those filmy silk robes with the fur trim all around it. I would have told her to dress more decently, but I had more important things to think about than her manner of undress (though it wasn't far from my mind). I peered into the hallway, checking from the left to the right, but saw no sign of the mouse. \"Anything?\" Jessica breathed into my neck. \"No.\" \"You really are gay, aren't you?\" Not replying, I crept down the corridor, checking the spot where the creature had been carelessly poking the ice dispensing lever. Melting cubes lay scattered all over the carpet. \"This is where I saw it,\" I said. \"It said `shit' then ran off.\" She ran her hands across the machine, gently touching parts of the mechanism. \"What are you doing now?\" I asked. \"I'm looking for toon residue. Maybe some of that black stuff...\" She frowned, pulling her hand away. \"I don't know,\" I sighed. \"I'm going to keep looking.\" And I crept to the end of the hallway, peeking around the corner. Jessica's heels clopped loudly as she followed. I scowled at her. \"I can hear you coming a mile away. I know it's sexy, but could you please remove that footwear?\" Grinning, she nodded, yanking them off. \"Anything yet?\" \"No!\" I hissed. We passed a security guard, an old guy, roughly in his sixties or seventies. When he passed us, he just chuckled. \" Don't enjoy yourself too much, or it'll get old by the time that second anniversary rolls along. \" Shuddering, I gave him a nod. \"Don't worry. We're not the type of couple that gets easily bored,\" Jessica replied. I cringed. We waited for the man to pass, then watched the end of the hallway. \"Anything now?\" \"Not since the last time you asked,\" I muttered. We reached a locked security door. \" Banning people from admiring the view ,\" I deadpanned. \" A shame. \" Jessica frowned at the keypad, practically sticking her nose into the buttons. \"Definitely a shame.\" I blinked, and for a moment, her lingerie appeared to be made of bright blue paint. It flickered, reverting to silk and patches, ceasing to be animated. \"Did you see that?\" I said. She nodded. \"I first found out about it when I was sewing the patches on. Only does it once every thirty minutes. I timed it. Pretty sexy, huh?\" \"What other toys do you got?\" She reddened. \"Well...\" Imagining her `toys' to be in the adult category, I blurted, \"Don't answer that.\" Then I frowned. \"You don't even wash it, do you?\" \"What, and lose the magic?\" Noting my look of disgust, she added, \"This was worn on Holli's body! You can't wash something like that! It's like the holy grail! \" \"I don't think that's a fair comparison,\" I said. \"Regardless of what you think, this outfit is special . I'll never do anything to weaken its power.\" I thought about the old body sweat and musty `tuna' smells it probably still retained and shuddered. \"Which is why we should sleep in separate beds.\" \"It's not as bad as you think. Whenever it becomes animated, I can feel the fabric renewing on my skin. It's like the substance from the other world flash burns all the bacteria away.\" \"Sure,\" I groaned. \"And the dirty towels I put in the gym locker in high school were perfectly clean after I left them in there a month and let the mold fall off.\" \"See?\" she said with a grin. \"You're not a germaphobe, either.\" Rolling my eyes, I turned a corner, continuing our search. Soon we had gone a full circuit around the square of hotel suites and soda machines, passing the elevators. Nothing. The door to our suite was closed, and, worse, I didn't have the key. \"Where's the card key?\" \"I thought you had it,\" she said. I sighed in frustration. \"Great. We're locked out.\" Before I could say anything about the check-in desk, Jessica shrugged off her robe and kissed me. \"What are you doing?\" I blurted as she slid my pants to the floor. \"We can't be doing this out here! Someone will see us!\" \"So? Maybe they'll open the room! \" I blushed. \"C'mon. We could get in trouble.\" \"We're right in front of the suite,\" she said as she rubbed against my lap. \"What are they going to say?\" \"You're crazy.\" \"And it gets you excited. I can feel it.\" \"Jessica!\" I cried. \"Stop!\" \"Look,\" she said, giving me a kiss. \"According to paranormal literature, ghosts and spiritual entities never appear when you're looking for them. That's why you need to look busy doing something else! \" \"You sure have some lame excuses for getting in my pants,\" I said. She gave me some tongue. \"And you don't care. Admit it.\" Out of the corner of my eye, I saw a pastel colored blob. Turning my head slightly, I could see it was the mouse. It appeared to be some sort of baby, for it wore a diaper and carried around a bottle. In fact, I thought I recognized it from an actual cartoon show. Maybe Baby Looney Toons or something, though since I couldn't stomach the program, I would have only recognized that from hospital smocks in the pediatrics ward. \"Don't look now,\" I whispered. \"But we're being watched. By someone animated.\" Jessica playfully nibbled my ear lobe. \"Probably wants a free show.\" She hooked a finger into the waistband of my boxers, tugging down. \"Let's not disappoint them.\" \"No,\" I murmured as she pulled my shorts and inch lower. \"Your body's saying yes.\" \"The last time I checked, that line won't hold up in court.\" \"How about this one, then?\" she breathed, pulling on the boxers some more. \"That creature over there is going to run away if we don't do something to sustain its interest .\" The cartoon rodent stroked the front of its diaper as it watched us. I suddenly felt sick. \"What about knock knock jokes or juggling? It works in the cartoons .\" She unsnapped something between her legs, and I saw she had on the kind of panties that opened in the middle, for convenience. The flaps of fabric dangled invitingly. \"Let's not give it any reasons to go away.\" I thought for sure we were going to take things to their natural conclusion. I guess, if I were truly honest with myself, I wouldn't have minded (well, except for the dirty lingerie). However, at the precise moment she had my shorts pulled down to my knees, positioning herself for entry, I heard a sniffle, then a loud \"wachoo!\" All of a sudden, we were thrown down the hallway by a strong, hurricane force wind. Our bodies slammed into a sheetrock wall, which crumbled and fell inward with the force of our impact. \"Bless me,\" the mouse muttered. It was then that I recognized our animated voyeur. Little Sneezer from Tiny Toons . Little Sneezer had blown us through a hotel wall . Almost completely naked. Through a wall. Damn, I thought. What kind of screwed up planet are we living on? We lay sprawled in a dirty old hotel room with peeling wallpaper partially defaced by cartoon drawings. We coughed in plaster dust, staring at each other in amusement. Jessica laughed as I pulled my shorts back up. \"Was it good for you?\"[Chapter 5] I chuckled as I watched Jessica dusting off her lingerie. \"Now you'll have to clean it!\" She frowned as she snapped her panties back up. \"I suppose I could take them to a dry cleaner...\" We brushed ourselves off some more and stood up, coughing as we took in our surroundings. It seemed we had broken open a sort of time capsule. The room had sort of an old western motif. Canopied four poster bed, polished mahogany dressers and end tables in a French style, wardrobe instead of a closet. A thick layer of dust had settled over everything, indicating that nobody had been there for decades. \"I'm not sure how we're going to explain this to the hotel owner,\" I said. \"I don't think I have nearly enough to cover this much damage.\" Jessica shrugged. \"Put it on your credit card.\" \"Yeah,\" I said facetiously. \"That sounds like a freaking brilliant idea. Once they find out I can't afford to pay it back, that'll drop my credit score from seven hundred to, I don't know, three ?\" \"Just an idea,\" she said. \"Remind me to never cosign a loan for you.\" She slipped a finger inside my elastic waistband. \"So you're that kind of husband, huh?\" \"What?\" I stammered. \"Look, we're not even-\" She stretched my waistband out and let go, creating a cloud of dust as it snapped back. \"You're crazy,\" I said. \"Maybe it's a good thing we didn't go any-\" She jumped on me, throwing her arms around my neck, legs around my waist. \"You sure?\" I blushed. \"Uh...\" \"That's what I thought,\" she purred. She pressed her lips to my neck, licking my skin. She grimaced, sticking out her tongue. \"Bleah! You're all dusty!\" Jessica hopped off me, strolling up to the bed. She idly ran her fingers through the dust, making little lines and squiggles. \"Anyways, we're closer to our goal. Let's take a look around.\" \"Wonder why they walled it off instead of remodeling it,\" I said. She didn't answer. She was too busy staring at the graffiti. Near the gaping hole in the sheetrock we found a charcoal sketch of a French clown juggling balls. Jessica placed her hand on the wall, sliding her fingers over the corner of the coal markings. All of a sudden, her silk teddy flashed a brilliant pastel blue, becoming cartoony. \"Thirty minutes already?\" I said. She laughed. \"Hardly.\" When she took her hand away, her outfit turned real once more. \"That's funny.\" She touched the wall, and she was back to wearing ink and paint. \"Somehow this wall is... stabilizing it ,\" she said. And so it was. Her blue silk number stayed animated for an entire minute. I slid my hand down the back. The substance felt like plastic. \"That's amazing!\" My hand was on her rear, but she paid me no attention. She only pointed at the clown. \"Look!\" My hand dropped to my side. The clown was moving . A charcoal sketch. On a wall. Moving. Balanced on a unicycle, it juggled its patterned balls in an arc above its head as it turned the pedals. When Jessica's finger slid across the path of the juggled objects, the balls dropped from the space above the clown's head, falling onto the thin line that represented the floor. The clown, looking annoyed, got down from his unicycle, bending over to pick them back up. The character froze as Jessica took her hand away, her lingerie turning normal. Her hand slid to the next vignette, a sketch of a simple cube. Again, she was wearing cartoon clothes. \"It's the drawings,\" she said. \" There's something unusual about them. \" Her hand disappeared into the wall like it were made of liquid. When she brought it out, I saw her fingers clutching a small block. \"This is literally a simple geometric figure! If the measurements of all the sides are identical, this could be a mathematician's wet dream! You'd prove that everything in the universe has a mathematical order!\" She tossed the block to me, but it turned into a piece of wallpaper in my hands. The drawing next to that was a cartoon cat putting a cartoon mouse between two slices of bread with an olive and all the fixings. The scene came to life when Jessica touched it, but unlike all those Tom and Jerry shows I'd seen as a kid, the cat actually ate the mouse, and it stayed eaten. Gore dripped from the cat's mouth. We both laughed, but it was uneasy mirth. It's one thing to wish for the cat to win for once. It's quite another to watch a cartoon that looks like something on The Twilight Zone . I think we were both close to screaming. \"Moving on...\" Jessica muttered, removing her hand from the wall. Deciding she was hogging all the fun, I stepped ahead of my strangely clad girlfriend, examining a hyperrealistic drawing of a cat. The moment my hand touched the charcoal, an orange ball of hair exploded from the wall with a frightened meow, knocking me back on my ass. A real cat. Just jumped out of the wall. The creature bolted from the room like its tail was on fire. \"How odd,\" said Jessica. \"It's almost as if someone... put it in there .\" \"Your guess is as good as mine,\" I said. A still life of a bowl of fruit hand been drawn in the corner of the room, beside an old lamp. Jessica walked around me, placing her hands on it, and out came a crystal bowl filled with apples, oranges and a banana. She took one bite of an apple and spat it out. \"Wax.\" She tossed it on the bed, stirring up a cloud of dust. Unlike the cube, it remained...a bowl of wax fruit. We stared at the item above the end table with puzzlement. A drawing of a closed window. Once Jessica's hand touched the sketch, the window gained definition, projecting from the wall like a real window. The frame was wooden and varnished, just like the one opposite the bed. The smallness of the window was its main fault, for one could not fit anything larger than a dog's head through the opening. Still, what we saw through the glass astonished and tantalized us. We were looking at a scene straight out of The Smurfs cartoon. Little mushroom shaped huts with polka dotted roofs and crooked chimneys. We saw no Smurfs anywhere around, but the clouds were moving, the grass waving in the breeze, and across the way we could even see animated steam rising from a pie in someone's window. Navigating around the bed, we came across something even stranger: A realistic drawing of a folder, with an army stamp and serial number across the tab. Operation Blackout, it said. I tried to pull it out, but nothing happened. Only Ms. Glowing Lingerie was able to accomplish the feat. I peered over her shoulder as she opened the battered tan piece of card stock, flipping through the papers. The first couple pages consisted of a dossier about a Professor Heinreich Baubelsen, AKA Doctor Bubbles, AKA Professor Whiskers, German ex-patriot, board member of the Nazi SS V-2 Rocket program near the end of the Second World War. A monochrome photograph showed a bald little man with large round glasses. A colleague of Einstein, this professor contributed several top secret weapons to the United States atomic research department, creating a rift between he and the pacifist genius, inspiring the latter's now famous letter of apology regarding nuclear technology. The next section was a stapled stack of papers describing Operation Blackout. Blackout's purpose was to disable all electrical devices within a ten mile radius of enemy territory. If successful, they intended to drop a warhead containing the technology into the middle of Tokyo. The plan was drafted roughly the same time as the blueprint for Little Boy, but it employed slightly different technology, based upon questionable scientific theories, such as a muddled early version of String Theory. Laboratory tests, though mostly inconclusive, produced enough unusual interference with electronic devices that the Professor got the green light and a bomb was built. Nicknamed the \"Bubble Bomb,\" the warhead was dropped at White Sands testing facility on April 10th, 1945, only a few short months before the first successful detonation of atomic weaponry in Trinity, New Mexico. The results for the Bubble Bomb were less than impressive. Electronic devices remained in operation. A black and white television was found to be showing a color picture, but it was later dismissed as a distortion brought on by heat damage. Five iron railroad ties, or spikes , were also reported to be giving off an eerie unnatural glow. \"The spike of power!\" Jessica cried. \"There's more than one of them! This explains everything! One's under the prison, one's here...\" \"And the rest is speculation,\" I finished. \"I mean, granted, we're reading a drawing . But we've yet to see an actual spike, even here.\" She grabbed my hand, pressing it to her cartoon bra, which somehow hadn't reverted to its real counterpart. \"Isn't this enough proof? And what about that cat? And the juggler?\" \"I admit that is pretty convincing. But it doesn't prove there is a spike here. Maybe the room is...just...paranormal.\" The next section of the booklet consisted of detailed sketches, cityscapes, building interiors, cars, and several pieces of paper filled with scrawled handwriting. That last item was German, so I couldn't read it. Then we had a blueprint of a missile, along with a complicated formula I couldn't decipher. Several key portions had been clipped out with a scissors for some reason. Jessica closed the folder, dropping it on the bed. \" Five spikes! How exciting!\" A few feet down from the folder, we found a life sized drawing of a door. Like everything else in the room, it responded to Jessica's touch, this item materializing into a flat shaded unnaturally lit image with a large bulbous knob and a small keyhole. We both tried pulling on the thing, turning the knob back and forth, but it only stretched the door like taffy. The moment we stopped trying, we saw a mouth and a pair of googly eyes appear on its surface, looking rather bored. \"Where's the key, buddy?\" it said. \"Key?\" I said. \"Mmm hmm,\" the door replied, its large eyes bugging out as they traveled up and down my companion's body. The mouth let out a wolf whistle, then disappeared. The eyes, giving her a wink, also vanished an instant later. \"Well,\" Jessica groaned, hands on her hips. \"A key. Where would I find that?\" \"It's a cartoon,\" I said. \"And it digs you. Maybe you can just, you know, sit on its face or something?\" The door was only a drawing now, but I could pretty well guess its reaction. \"No way,\" she said. \"I'm not whoring out my body just to get into cartoon land.\" I coughed in protest. She misread my slight. \"I have lozenges back in the room...\" I just shook my head. \"Let's keep looking. Maybe we'll find something.\" The dressers were full of musty moth eaten clothing. Sweaters and slacks. Kind of frumpy college professor type stuff. It amused me to find men's garters in there. The owner, I guess, lived in an era where guys wore such things all the time, maybe because they didn't have elastic in their socks or something. Feeling self conscious, I actually dusted off a pair of pants and a button shirt and tried them on, but found them a tight fit, like I had slipped into something owned by Pee Wee Herman. Still, I decided to wear them anyway, in case the security guard came by. I found handkerchiefs monogrammed with the letters H.B., but no keys. Jessica, in the meantime, had opened a nightstand, setting a bible aside to dig around underneath. When her hand came out, she was holding a glowing gun. She pointed it at the wardrobe, pulling the trigger. A cartoon toilet shot out across the room, suckering onto the side of the wardrobe, the gun connected to the plunger by a rope. The gun retracted its projectile without warning, throwing Jessica headfirst into the wood paneling. The moment she collided with it and fell to the floor, a cluster of tweeting bluebirds circled her head. \"Drew! Are you seeing this? I'm getting little birdies!\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"I see them, all right.\" One of the birds looked at her cleavage and gave a low whistle. \"This is incredible!\" Jessica cried. \"Where's my camera?\" I frowned. \"In...the room?\" \"Damn. What about a cel phone? You had a cel phone in your pocket, didn't you?\" I scowled at her. \"Do you see me wearing my pants?\" The birds flew in lower circles, landing on Jessica's breasts. She giggled. I heard another one of them whistle, then a larger one, strangely enough, went \"Rrrow,\" causing the other birds to stare at him. It just shrugged its wings, as if to say, \"What.\" Jessica held out a finger, and the tiniest one perched on it, whistling that little ditty they keep whistling on The Hunger Games . The second largest hopped higher on her finger, chirping the instrumental line to Rockin' Robin . The biggest one hopped on her knuckle, whistling Patience by Guns N' Roses. Again, it got stared at. \"Are those the Car-X birds?\" I asked. Jessica squinted at them. \"I...don't know.\" The birds turned around to stare at me, cocking their heads in puzzlement, pointing blue wing tips at their little breasts. Then the fat one sang, \"Save a bundle with your Car-X man!\" in a deep baritone. I smacked my head. \"Oh great. Just what we need. Animated commercial sponsors brought to life.\" On cue, an orange head popped out of the wardrobe, yelling, \"Ya-hoo! I'm kookoo for Cocoa Puffs!\" The door slammed shut an instant later. I heard a guy in the room below us pounding on the ceiling, yelling, \"Turn off your TV!\" \"Isn't this great?\" Jessica giggled as the birds hopped back on her cleavage. \"You're...just going to let those things sit there ?\" She gave me a look that seemed to say `Are you kidding.' \"When's the last time you had something animated sitting on your breasts?\" \"Well, uh, never,\" I admitted. The smallest bird stuck out its tongue at me. In cartoons, this was the big guy's cue to chase the bird around and try to strangle it. I just rolled my eyes. \"Are we gonna stand around here all day, or are we going to figure out what all of this stuff is?\" Jessica pointed at the nightstand. \"What's that?\" \"It's a little dresser,\" I said. \"No, I mean, I see something behind it.\" We pulled the nightstand back and found a drawing of a safe. \"I feel like I'm playing Paper Mario in real life,\" I muttered. \"` You do me a solid, I do you a solid ,'\" Jessica said. This comment went way over my head. \"What?\" \" Kingdom Hospital . A guy draws a fire extinguisher and it becomes real. Never mind.\" She knelt in front of the drawing, touched her hand to the wall. An animated safe popped out. She tried to pull the handle, but it was locked. \"Great,\" I said. \"What are we going to do with that?\" \"The more important question is why that folder was out here when it could have been stored inside this safe?\" \"I don't know, maybe because people don't normally put on cartoon lingerie and pull drawings off walls?\" She gave me a funny look, then tried turning the dial. The moment both her hands left the wall, the safe snapped back like a spring, becoming a drawing again. \"That's funny,\" she said. \"I didn't have a problem when I was looking at that folder...\" \"That's because the folder was real to start with,\" I suggested. \"And the safe is animated. You were touching the wall those other times. Even with the cube, I think your foot was touching it. Need some help?\" She brought the object back out of the wall. \"Do you even know how to crack a safe?\" I shook my head. \" But it's a cartoon safe . How hard can it be?\" Jessica paused and thought a minute. \"Generally, cartoon safes are opened by dropping them out windows.\" \"Oh no,\" I protested. \"If we do it that way, we'll probably send someone to the Emergency Room.\" \"Why? It's not a real safe.\" \"What about that toilet plunger gun? Did hitting that closet feel good?\" \"Not...especially,\" she admitted. \" But I got birdies! \" \"Do you want someone's corpse with birdies around it?\" \"Okay, okay,\" she sighed. \" Point taken. \" The moment I touched the knob, Jessica's birds fluttered off her breasts, landing on the safe. The large one began singing. \"To everything, turn, turn, turn, turn,\" the bird sang. \"That's ironic,\" I said. \"You think it's a hint?\" Jessica said. \"I'm not sure I'd read that far into it.\" When I turned the dial, the bird sang again. \"I turn right, then I turn around, turn left, then I turn around, turning, and turning, and stop.\" \"I guess it is a hint,\" I muttered. When I turned the dial right, the big one sang The Loneliest Number by Three Dog Night, so I put it on 1. I turned it left, and the bird sang a jazz song called Sixteen Different Ways . Turning right yielded \"When I was twenty one, it was a very good year...\" After a few more games of musical numbers, the door popped open, and we could view its contents. A stack of paper bills, all bearing the likeness of Daffy Duck, Bugs Bunny and Mickey Mouse, several blueprints, including the missing squares from the ones in the folder, blueprints for devices whose purpose I couldn't fathom (including a modified version of the missile), a real handgun, complete with holster and bullets, and a wallet stuffed with vintage currency. I pocketed the wallet, then threw the rest of the stuff on the bed. \"No key,\" Jessica said. \"Yeah.\" She got up, pulling back the other end table. A moment later, she held aloft a jangling key ring. \"Here!\" When we stuck the key in the cartoon door, the keyhole chewed on it, bit it off the ring, and swallowed it. \"Delicious,\" it said, swinging open. \"You may pass.\" Strangely enough, it turned into a real door when this happened. \"There it is!\" Jessica squealed. \"The gateway to Cool World!\" We were looking into a painting of a dark alleyway, where a blue animated cat with a bandaged tail dug fish bones out of a garbage can. I never understood the cliche. Yes, fish bones sometimes had meat still stuck to them, but the ones in cartoons never showed a millimeter of gristle or anything chewable whatsoever. I stuck out my hand to touch the picture, but I only encountered air. \"It's real!\" Jessica shouted with giddy excitement. \"It's really real!\" She jumped through the doorway, clomping down the illustration of pavement. She looked bizarre in that setting, a flesh and blood person in a shadowy world made of brush strokes, clad in an outfit of bright blue paint. \"Hey!\" I yelled. \"What do you think you're doing!\" \"What does it look like?\" she called back. \"You coming?\" I just stared through the door. Just then, I heard the chirp of one of those walkie talkie cel phones behind me. \"It's the couple from 320,\" a voice was saying. \"The man's still here. \" A pregnant pause followed this, in which I could hear static and a few tinny mumbles. I glanced back and saw it was the security guard that had teased us earlier. The stranger narrowed his eyes at me as he lifted his phone to his mouth, pushing a button. \"Tony, could you come up and take a look at this?\"[Chapter 6] I felt a meaty hand clamp onto my shoulder. \"Sir, I need you to come downstairs to answer a few questions.\" \"Officer,\" I said. \"If I had any, I'd give them to you right now.\" Retirement Age Security Guard just shook his head. \"Well, you'd better come up with something by the time we have our little sit-down with Mr. Williams.\" I frowned at the man, annoyed at the fact we were having this conversation right in front of a doorway to a fictional universe. \"Officer...\" I glanced at his name tag. \" Kanifkey . Sir. Being as we are standing next to a dimensional portal to a cartoon world, which although hard to believe, is plainly verifiable by sight, would it be unreasonable for you to believe that I was not the party responsible for demolishing that wall?\" Kanifkey pulled me backwards. \"We'll talk about it downstairs.\" That was cop talk for \"no.\" \"Look,\" I said. \"This wasn't my idea.\" \"Son, if you want to throw your fiancee under the bus, it's your prerogative, but the simple fact is, she ain't here . You are . A bird in the hand...\" I cringed at the thought of Jessica's breast perch, and how moronic I'd sound if I told him the truth. \"Sir, as you can probably tell from my slight build and lack of tools that I am woefully unequipped to demolish any wall.\" He paused to stare at me, as if considering my words, then tugged me a little further in the direction of the elevators. \"A cartoon character,\" I said. \"From that door. It sneezed. That's why there's a hole.\" Kanifkey rolled his eyes. \"I like your previous explanation better.\" \"I didn't exactly give one,\" I countered. \"Yeah. I liked that one better.\" Throughout the course of this little exchange, I could see a glowing white shape behind the officer, but wasn't sure what it was, and didn't think it very useful to my situation. For that reason I had ignored it up until that point, irritated by how thick headed the security guy was in the face of all this evidence of the paranormal. \"I can't afford to repair the wall,\" I said. \"Then you'll go to jail for destroying private property.\" \"Say, hypothetically, that I manage to take out a loan or something. May I bring an independent contractor to the site so I can at least save a few thousand dollars?\" Kanifkey shrugged. \"You'll have to take that up with the boss.\" When the officer put a hand to his hip, I caught a glimpse of a white rodent face through the crook of his arm. Little Sneezer. As I stared at the mouse, the creature smiled at me. \"Officer,\" I said, pointing that way. \"There's your culprit right there. He's small and animated. Just turn around and look.\" Kanifkey just laughed at me. \"Kid, that's the oldest trick in the book. You must think I'm a real simpleton to fall for a gag like that.\" I heard a sniffle. I pointed at the mouse again. \"But-\" That earned me another eye roll. \"Kid, if you want to make me think there's something behind me, at least tell me something convincing !\" \"Wahhh...\" Little Sneezer gasped, holding his nose. My eyes widened. \"I just remembered,\" I stammered. \"I gotta get my wallet. You know, credit card, driver's license...\" Kanifkey nodded and let me go. \"No funny stuff.\" I grabbed hold of the closest secure object, the animated door knob. Okay, so it was secure- ish . \"If you don't have a wallet,\" said the man. \"What's that in your pock-\" A second later, Officer Kanifkey was flying through the air, making contact with one of the bed posts and crashing through the back wall. \"It's too dusty in here,\" the mouse muttered, scampering off. Through the massive hole, I could see the roof, and the scaffolding that supported the hotel's giant sign. For a moment, I was tempted to go there, to see this so-called `spike' Jessica kept going on about, but then I decided the whole spike business was her fool mission, not mine. Honestly, I didn't really care about cartoons that much. I cared a lot more about not going to jail. My primary means of escape from the situation did not involve a spike. Under my hand, the doorknob was losing color, and... quality , the door itself rapidly becoming flat as paper. It reminded me of sketches of doors that architects used in concept designs. I touched the image of the alleyway, but my fingers, to my alarm, encountered resistance as the animated street scene continued to revert to a drawing on the wall. Soon it would just be me, the hotel manager, and the civil and/or Federal courts. I guessed it would be Federal, considering what Sneezer just did to Rent-A-Cop. Even if I were to somehow regain my car keys and escape, the cops would have my ID, either from the wallet or the photocopy at the front desk. They'd know where I lived. I couldn't just run out the front door. I pushed my hand against the cartoony surface, but it didn't yield. \"No!\" I cried, pounding the wall with my fists. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed a white glow. Glancing over, I caught a glimpse of a four fingered cartoon hand holding the door frame, the object shimmering and re-solidifying around the places it touched. \"Whatcha doin'?\" a squeaky voice said. \"Uh...trying not to go to jail?\" The mouse brought its glowing face up to mine. \"You trying to go in?\" I forced a smile. \"Maybe?\" Its eyes were black dots drawn on a pair of circles, but I still felt unnerved when they looked into mine. \"So you're not going to go in there...to sleep with your girlfriend?\" I swallowed. \"She's not-\" I stopped myself, realizing what a pervert this little mouse was. \"...Yeah. I'm totally going to bone her.\" \"Okay,\" he said with a grin. \"I'll let you in. But you gotta promise me you'll let me watch.\" I grimaced in disgust. \"Why don't you just, I don't know, get your own girlfriend ?\" Instead of answering, the mouse only retreated a few inches and said, \"Do you want to bone your girlfriend nor not?\" The question took me aback. Frankly, I wasn't sure if I wanted Jessica that much. While fairly attractive, she was also psychotic, which wasn't what I wanted in a long term relationship. Okay, well, she had sort of... grown on me, and she had made things... rather exciting ... And let's not forget, there was no rule that said I couldn't break a promise to a cartoon rodent . I sighed in resignation. \"Fine, fine. I promise I'll let you watch. Now will you help me through this door before I end up in jail?\" Because the mouse was too short to reach my back, it put its paws on my butt, giving me a forceful shove. For a few moments, I felt nothing but embarrassment, and my face pressing against old wallpaper, but then the drawing glowed, and it became like sticking my head through a wall of gelatin. I momentarily couldn't breathe. I tumbled forward through the barrier so suddenly that I fell flat on my face. My nose literally smashed into a painting. For a dirty, slimy looking stretch of brick, it smelled remarkably clean. Gasping for breath, I staggered to my feet, gawking at the surreal universe I had stumbled into. The buildings were matte paintings, dark and foreboding ones at that. The blue cat was still digging through trash, eating fish bones and tossing old boots on the ground. Up ahead was an intersection, seemingly empty, and beyond that, across the street, I could just barely make out the fronts of stores and restaurants. I turned around and looked back to see Sneezer stepping through the gate, slamming the door behind him. The moment the door met the frame, it disappeared, reverting to a section of painted brick wall. I was stuck there. Possibly forever. The mouse ran up to me, slapping me on the rear. \"Go get `em, tiger!\"[Chapter 7] Following Jessica's lead, I walked to the end of the alleyway, turning right at the corner. It now appeared to be daytime, despite the fact the alleyway was dark behind me, with the moon and stars shining above. To my left, across the street, I could see a deli, a dress shop, a cheese factory, and a store that said Acme across the front window. To my right stood a flower shop, and, a few feet ahead, a cafe called The Spot. As I walked, I noticed I had a soundtrack. Everywhere I went, I heard generic classical music playing, composed, I assume, by one of those uninspired hacks who just throw compositions together to fit a scene in a cartoon show. What made it worse were the ever present sounds of screaming, explosions, and a myriad of other `humorous' effects. The result was akin to the monotonous loop of incidental music you get when you leave a 3D video game about cartoons running while you microwave a burrito. I stared as a cartoon old woman pushed a stroller past me, a stroller bearing a large black cat with a baby bonnet and milk bottle. I didn't see Jessica anywhere. I stopped in my tracks. I peered through the windows of the flower shop, but I could see nothing but Dot from the Animaniacs and the white bespectacled rabbit from all those Sweet Pickles books busily pruning flowers. In the cafe, I only saw a bunch of weird looking animated characters eating lunch. I tried to cross the street and look in the other windows, but the moment my feet touched the pavement, a hundred cars and semis appeared out of nowhere and tried to run me down. They of course vanished just as quickly when I got back on the sidewalk. I still think this street exists in both worlds. I'm certain I spent my freshman year in high school wearing a cast over my arm because of it. \"What's the hold up?\" Sneezer said impatiently. I felt like telling him to go get some cheese across the street, but, well, I would have been in jail if it hadn't been for him, so I decided to be nice. \"Sorry, pal,\" I groaned. \"If you're wanting to see some action, you're going to have to wait. I don't know where the hell my girlfriend is.\" Sneezer paused. \"Is she wearing any perfume?\" I shook my head. \"Only what she was born with.\" Which is pretty sexy by itself, I reflected. The mouse frowned. \"That does make it difficult.\" We stared at our surroundings in silence for a moment. \"Yo. Sneeze...\" I began. Of course the mouse sprayed from his mouth and nostrils, blowing out the windows on a car and breaking a fire extinguisher so that it sprayed water into the air. \"Bless me,\" said the mouse. \"Good Lord,\" I groaned. \"It's just as bad as going into the flower shop and saying `Polka Dot.'\" On cue, the Animaniac popped out the door of her establishment, dancing to accordion music. I cleared my throat. \" Sneezer. Have you seen my wallet laying around anywhere? Like somewhere on the hotel floor?\" Sneezer pulled a real leather wallet out of his diaper. \"You mean this?\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"I think that's it. Open it up.\" The mouse did so, looking inside, but he didn't allow me to see the contents. \"I opened it,\" he said. I groaned. \"Show me .\" He closed the wallet. \"Why.\" I was getting a little peeved. If I had been animated, my face probably would have turned an actual red color. \" Because . How do I know you didn't just pilfer someone else's wallet and claim that it's mine?\" \"And how do I know that you're really going to find your girlfriend and bone her?\" I smacked my face. \"Who else would I bone here? You think I'm going to grab that old granny over there and go to town?\" Sneezer stared at me like I might. \"That would be... interesting.. .\" Luckily, the old bag was down the block, and as funny as it would have been, she didn't come back and slap me with her umbrella. I rolled my eyes. \"The point is, Jessica is the only human in town. There's nobody else here I'd really want to bang.\" \" I can think of a few doodles ,\" Sneezer said. \"Would you actually care if I did them instead of my girlfriend?\" Sneezer shook his head. \"As long as I can watch.\" \"Fine,\" I said. \" Whatever. You still got a front row seat, if and when I... whatever . Let me see the wallet.\" \"No,\" he said. \"Why not.\" \"Because you didn't say please.\" I sighed. \"Pretty please with sugar on top. Show me the damn wallet.\" Sneezer showed me the back. \"The inside please.\" \"You promise you'll do her?\" My cheeks flushed hot with anger. \" Eagerly. \" Sneezer flashed the interior, then closed it again. It was enough. The placement of the debit and credit cards was exactly how I remembered it, my driver's license probably concealed behind the Price Chopper card. \"There,\" said the mouse. \"You saw it. Now get going.\" \"I'd be glad to oblige, but I don't know where she got off to. If you know something I don't, now is the time to tell me.\" The mouse paused for a minute, looking around. He was just as clueless as I was. Noticing the bulb nosed head of Inspector Gadget's police chief peeking out of a flower bed, I crept closer to him. I knew what abuse the guy received on a daily basis, so I decided to cut him some slack. Pretending to smell some flowers, I whispered, \"Pardon me, chief. Have you seen a non animated woman walking through here? Blue outfit? Kind of hard to miss?\" He nodded toward a place a little further up the street. \"Thanks,\" I said. \"Your secret's safe with me.\" Unfortunately, that's what the Inspector always said before he blew him up. I forgot all about that one. Looking horrified, `Chief' shrunk back into the foliage. I marched a block ahead, narrowly avoiding a collision with an orange cat running with a giant fish in its paws, and the angry owner of the fish market it stole from. I felt like tripping the feline, but figured he would only hang around and harass me, so I let it go. The chief's directions weren't exactly helpful. I found myself staring at storefronts again. A pet store. A barber shop, complete with singing quartet. A detective agency. Detective agency! Although I was sure I'd regret it, I knocked on the door, and a dog in a trenchcoat let me in. \"Whatcha doin'?\" Sneezer asked as I stepped across the threshold. \"What does it look like? Obviously I need someone to help me find my girlfriend.\" I reached into my pocket and frowned. \"...And if you want a show, you got two options. Give me back my wallet, or come along and pay the bill.\" \"You have a wallet,\" he said. \"Well, okay. I'll try using that first, but if it doesn't work...\" Sneezer nodded. \"Don't worry Drew. I'm not going away until you give me a show! You promised!\" I gawked at him. \"I never told you my name!\" He shrugged. \"It's on your driver's license. \" \"So you actually do have the damn thing! Thank God!\" The agency looked like something out of one of those old film noir detective movies, kind of a late 1930's era type office design, the sort of place that you'd see Bogart stomping around in. No computers, just some file cabinets, an old desk with one of those lamps with the lozenge shaped shades, and a squeaky ceiling fan with wooden blades. An unclothed rabbit with shark teeth leaned back in a chair decorated by a gun holster, puffing on a cigar. A second desk, featuring a Singer typewriter, apparently belonged to the dog, for there were no sexy secretaries present. The room must have been a bit dusty, for I noticed the mouse sniffling and rubbing its nose. The moment he waddled close past the dog's desk, loud blaring alarms went off, and red and white lights flashed from the walls and ceiling. The dog pointed to a sign. \"No Sneezers allowed!\" Sneezer burst into tears. \"I just wanted to come along with Drew so I could watch him do the nasty with his girlfriend!\" \"Awww...\" the dog said, giving him a little hug. \"Don't cry little guy!\" He patted the mouse on the back. \"Don't let him fool you!\" the rabbit barked. \"Those sneezes are dangerous!\" \"Wait outside,\" I told the mouse. \"I'll only be a few minutes. It'll be fine.\" Sam pushed Sneezer out the door like he were a wheeled dolly. The mouse then stood on the sidewalk, watching us through the doorway. I turned to face the detectives. \"Sam and Max, I presume.\" The rabbit suddenly jumped over the desk, grabbing me around the throat like he intended to choke me. \"How do you know who we are!\" \"Uh...\" I gasped, trying to think of an excuse better than \"Saw you on DVD.\" \"It's written on the front window,\" the dog said cheerily. \"Oh.\" The rabbit let me go with an embarrassed grin. Tee hee, I thought with annoyance. Up until this point, I had been wondering why I had stopped watching cartoons, but now I remembered. Slapstick had ceased to be funny the moment I started high school and people started shoving me into lockers. \"You can tell a lot about a man by the way he strangles you!\" the dog exclaimed. I rolled my eyes. \"So,\" the rabbit said. \"What can I do ya for?\" \"I know I'm going to regret this,\" I said. \"But I'd like to make an inquiry regarding your services...\" \"Certainly!\" Max grinned. \"Inquiring minds want to know!\" Already I was suspecting why their show got canceled. I dug in my pockets. \"How much do you normally charge?\" \"It's fr-\" the dog began, but Max slapped a paw over his mouth. \"How much you got?\" \"Uh...\" I stammered, digging out the wallet. I handed him a twenty. The rabbit took it and frowned. \"It's vintage currency,\" I said. \"It's actually worth a lot more than twenty.\" \"We'll take-\" The rabbit silenced the dog again. \"This is noid currency. We're not allowed to accept it. It's the law.\" \"Noid?\" I said. Max poked me hard in the chest. \"You. You're a noid.\" \"You're right about that,\" I said. \"I'm not exactly happy.\" Suddenly there was a psychiatrist's couch in the corner of the room, and he was shoving me onto it. The funny thing was, the couch had been two dimensional before I landed on it. In a flash, the detectives were dressed like Sigmund Freud. The dog took out a notepad, jotting down a note. \" Not exactly happy ...And how long have you felt this way?\" I rolled my eyes. \" Awhile .\" The dog wrote something on his pad. \"I see.\" \"I think it all started the moment I stepped in here and tried to ask you guys for help.\" \" Does it bother you when I psychoanalyze you?\" \"Yes,\" I groaned. \" I see. \" Not wanting to be there all day, I decided to appease their swelled egos. \"You know, I think I've felt this way before. In fact, I've been like this ever since your show got canceled. \" \"Ooooh!\" The dog furiously scribbled this on the pad. The rabbit stared at the notes. \"A breakthrough already?\" He threw the notepad away. \"Remarkable! Sam, my friend, we're in the wrong business! \" \"All right,\" I sighed. \"Fine. I'm a `noid'.\" \"Would you like more time on the couch?\" the rabbit asked. \"No,\" I said. The dog took out a second pad, jotting down notes. \"I see.\" \"Look. I'm trying to find someone, and I thought that maybe since you're detectives , you might be able to help me.\" I almost said \"call me crazy,\" but I decided that would only aggravate the situation. The dog frowned at me. \"You wouldn't be trying to find someone to have sex with , would you?\" Before I could respond, Max said, \" Noids do not have sex with doodles. \" \"It's the oldest law in Cool World,\" said Sam. I reddened. \"Uh...does that mean what I think it does?\" \"What, that flesh and blood human beings can't copulate with cartoon characters?\" Max gave me a nervous laugh. \"Whoever gave you that idea?\" Suddenly feeling uncomfortable, I said, \"Look, I'm actually looking for another... noid . I just want to know if she came through here and where she is now.\" The two let out a collective sigh of relief. \"Haven't seen her,\" said Max. \"Do you have any pictures?\" I shook my head. \"But she should be really easy to find. She's presumably the only other real person here, and she's wearing animated lingerie.\" The dog jotted down some notes. \" I see. \" Max slapped him in the face. \"Go back to detective mode!\" he hissed. \"I thought you said we were in the wrong business-\" Max covered the dog's mouth, addressing me. \"We still haven't received payment for our services.\" I sighed, thinking that they really didn't deserve any payment at this point. \"Don't you ask for that after you do the job?\" \"It's a retainer fee . You pay the rest of it after .\" \"I have currency, but you don't-\" \"I'm sorry, sir. We cannot legally accept noid currency.\" I frowned, thinking about the stack of daffy duck money in the hotel. \"Never mind. I'll...try to find her myself.\" I knew the dog probably would work pro bono if I found the right angle of persuasion, but I didn't know where to start. \"Will this help?\" I looked down and saw Sneezer handing me a stack of unnaturally bright green dollar bills. \"How...?\" I stammered. And then I stopped myself. \" You're a cartoon. I don't care. Thank you, yes, that money will help.\" \"No Sneezers allowed!\" Max yelled. \"Wait, Max!\" Sam cried. \"He has money! \" Max snatched the stack out of the mouse's paws, thumbing through it, counting the dollars. \"Excellent. Fifty smackers!\" A hand shot out of the little circle in the center of the bill and slapped him repeatedly. And then one of the bills made the sound of a cow. \"Moolah!\" he kissed the bills. \"You are so beautiful! I love you!\" He kissed them some more. I just sighed. \" The woman. Can you help me or not?\" \"All right,\" Max said. \"First order of business. We need to set you down with our sketch artist.\" \"I said she's the only other human in town! You don't need a sketch artist!\" Sam muttered something to Max. \"What's that?\" I said, suddenly suspicious. \"Nothing! Nothing!\" Max said with a sheepish grin. \"Is there...something you're not telling me?\" \"No,\" said Max. \"Yes,\" Sam said, but then changed it to \"No\" when Max elbowed him. \"Are there...other `noids' in town?\" \"Um... maybe ?\" \"Like who?\" \"You wouldn't know him,\" Max blurted. \"So he's a guy . Surely that narrows it down. \" The two seemed relieved that I took their statement at face value. \"This other noid,\" I said. \"Is he Professor Heinreich Bubelstein?\" They stared at me, then each other, then said yes in such a way that made me think they were lying. The dog was still poised with a pencil and pad. \"Fine,\" I said. \"She's white, curly haired. Blonde...and she's wearing cartoon underwear. Blue. Said it used to belong to Holli Would.\" \"Holli Would!\" the detectives cried in unison. \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Does that name mean anything to you?\" I paused. \"Okay, I guess she must exist here, right?\" \"Are you sure you're not trying to break the oldest rule in Cool World?\" Sam asked. I shook my head. \"I stopped lusting after cartoon characters when I turned twelve.\" The seemed visibly relieved. \"Look. I don't know anything about this Holli except she was associated with my dad in some way, and she's in all the Cool World comic books.\" The dog stared at the rabbit. \"Dad?\" \"I'm Drew Deebes,\" I said. They gasped in shock. \"Another Deebes!\" The rabbit was so mortified that it came out in a stutter. \"Y-you shouldn't be here,\" said Sam. \"You really shouldn't.\" \"Why?\" I asked. \"What did my dad do?\" \"Uh, how about breaking Cool World's oldest law? \" \"Gross,\" I muttered. \"You're telling me about my dad's sex life.\" \"It gets worse,\" said the rabbit. \"He unleashed the entire doodle world upon an unsuspecting human populace.\" I swallowed hard. \"That shit was real? The thing about me being a mouse scaring my elephant mother? That was real?\" \"Um...maybe?\" The rabbit was now sitting low in his desk, looking very suspicious indeed. \"What are you doing?\" I asked. Sheepish grin. \"Nothing! Just... trying to work out a kink in my neck !\" \"Yeah,\" the dog reassured me. \"Just some... back exercises . There's really nothing under that desk that would concern you. There certainly isn't any silent alarm that summons the Cool World Police Department ! He's just stretching his back!\" \"You're calling the cops,\" I said, not believing what I was hearing. \"Uh...maybe?\" Sneezer tugged on my pant leg. \"C'mon, Drew. Let's go.\" I quickly marched to the door. I pushed it open, then froze. \"Wait. What about the money I gave you?\" \" Thanks! \" Max said. \" We'll put it to good use! \" I smacked my head. \"Never mind! God, this place is so aggravating!\" The moment I stepped out on the sidewalk and marched a few steps up the street, I was tackled to the brickwork of a vegetarian poodle clipping service. I stared up at my assailant, a broad shouldered figure in a blue suit with blank circles for eyes and a stylish brown bouffant. \"Where do you think you're going, shithead?\" I raised my hands defensively. \"Officer, I don't want any trouble.\" \"Shut up,\" he barked. \"Sargent Harris, Cool World PD! No noids allowed! It's the law!\" \"I'm getting a noid right now,\" I deadpanned. I received a punch to the face for my troubles. The funny thing is, I didn't get birdies. A bunch of dollar signs circled my head. I glanced back, but saw no sign of Sneezer anywhere. Some friend he was! \"Look. I didn't see a `No Noids' sign back in that old dusty hotel room or I probably wouldn't have come.\" \"Well you can just go back to that old dusty hotel room , `cause you're not welcome here.\" \"I'd be happy to oblige, but the door is gone. I'm stuck.\" \"Well, find a way to get unstuck, or you're going to be spending some quality time in jail.\" \"Did you give my girlfriend this much grief when she came here?\" \"What girlfriend?\" \"Blonde. Non-animated. Wearing cartoon lingerie.\" \"Haven't seen her.\" \"Look. Harris. Can you cut me a break? Let me grab my girlfriend and show me out the door? You find me a door and I won't walk, I'll run away from this place. I promise.\" \"What's her name?\" \"Jessica.\" \"Last name?\" I had a brain fart. \"I forgot, but it's not Rabbit. She's not a cartoon, and she's crazy. Should stick out like a sore thumb, right?\" \"Speaking of names, I never caught yours.\" \"Didn't you get that information from the silent alarm? I'm Drew. Drew Deebes.\" \"Damn! I knew you looked familiar!\" He pulled my arms behind my back, clamping something on my wrists. Glancing over my shoulder, I saw that they were literal hand cuffs, a pair of rough looking five fingered hands that gripped my wrists like regular metal ones. \"Oh. That's real cute. They actually look like hands .\" \"I'm not laughing.\" \"Neither am I,\" I sighed. \"Look. Whatever beef you have against my dad, leave me out of it. The asshole was absent from my childhood and most my adult life. Whatever you think I am, you're wrong. I am nothing like him.\" \"I'd like to agree with you, but I'm more of a nature rather than nurture type of guy.\" \"Would it help to tell you that I can't draw anything more complicated than a stick figure?\" He frowned. \"Bullshit.\" \"I'm an accountant . But think what you want. You want to throw me in jail, fine, whatever. But if you find my girlfriend, throw her in with me. She's the nut that actually figured out how to get us here.\" \"I'll do that.\" But the look on his cartoon face said he wouldn't. \"Oh, and if you see my dad anywhere, punch him for me.\" Harris raised an eyebrow. \"You know, I'm starting to like you.\" \"Enough to change your mind about the jail?\" \"Not...that much. Not yet. Play your cards right, though, and maybe I'll think about it. \" I was led to a cardboard cutout of a police car. It was to scale, but it puzzled me to no end. \"What is this?\" I said. \"Some kind of gag?\" \"If you don't shut up, I'll gag you .\" Harris touched a key to the lock, and the two dimensional representation of a vehicle turned into a brightly colored Crown Vic with flashing lights on the top. He threw open the back door. \"Get in.\" I obeyed. Standard cop car, but it was all paint. Even the fence between the front and back was paint. Very...strong paint, as I discovered when I tested it. Harris started up the car, pulling out from the curb. \"How well do you know your father?\" \"I don't,\" I said. \"He was in jail for manslaughter, there was a divorce, and then, after...whatever it was with all the cartoon elephants running around Vegas...I haven't seen or heard from him since.\" \"God,\" Harris sighed. \"And I thought he was an asshole before.\" \"You seem...unusually...level headed for a cartoon cop.\" Harris laughed. \"Flattery will get you nowhere, my friend.\" I glanced out the window. Like any cartoon vehicle, the scenery was on an endless loop of identical looking buildings and shrubs. \"I'm serious,\" I said. \"This place is driving me nuts with all its stupid corny jokes. You're the only one I can actually hold a real conversation with.\" \"That's because I used to be human,\" he said. I stared at him in disbelief. \"How is that?\" \"Your dad's doodle bitch pushed me off the roof of the Union Plaza hotel.\" \"So why are you a cartoon? Shouldn't you be dead?\" \"If a doodle kills you, you become a doodle.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"I was just in that hotel. My girlfriend kept rambling about a spike of power. Something some German professor came up with back in the forties or something.\" Harris slammed on the brakes, pressing his face against the fence. \"Where's the spike now!\" I shrugged. \"I don't know. We only found a secret room. That's how we got here. Well, that and my girlfriend's animated underwear.\" He turned back around. \"You better pray to God that nobody finds that spike.\" He took his foot off the brake. \"What's with the tiny outfit? Your mom give you your brother's hand-me-downs?\" I answered, \"My non-animated girlfriend took my clothes and locked them in our suite, along with the key. I had to make do with what I could find.\" \"Riight, \" he chuckled. \"Tell me something. If you hate your old man so much, why did you keep his last name?\" \"Laziness,\" I said. \"Changing your name is too much work. Plus I never liked the name Odum.\" \"And Dweebs is fine, \" he muttered. \"It's better than Odum. That's all I'm saying.\" I shook my head, poking my foot at the painted floorboards. \"Do you know what happened to my dad?\" There was a pregnant pause before he answered. \"Not a clue.\" And then, after a longer pause, \"If I were you, I'd forget him.\" I silently stared at the back of Harris's head. The lack of artistic detail made it not worth staring at. \"I think you know something, Officer Harris.\" \"And I think you should forget about it.\" \"But-\" \"I said forget it!\" he snapped. \"All right!\" I grumbled. \"Shit, never mind!\" \"You seem like a good kid,\" he said. \"That asshole will take you down the wrong path. Honestly, you're lucky not to know him. The man never knew when to keep his Johnson in his pants.\" \"Are you saying I should call you dad?\" \"Hell no.\" The cop sighed. \"What I'm saying is that you should be your own man. Let sleeping dogs lie. That's all I'm saying.\" \"Is he here? I imagine he must be if you're warning me about him like-\" \"I'm not going to tell you again. Forget about him! \" \"Fine.\" I gave up. The vehicle pulled up along the curb of a police station, and we got out. The station was a tall glass and concrete edifice, occupied by an illogical combination of characters. Disney's Bonkers, that quasi-bobcat-ish thing in blue marched past us as we stepped through the door. And then we were marching in between the cast of Future Cops , the Native American Marshall Bravestarr, a London bobby, and the cop that advertises Cookie Crisp. Being non-animated, I got stared at, by everyone from Inch High Private Eye to Dick Tracy and a generic Scooby Doo cop. A lot of staring. Bonker's female partner was so distracted that she accidentally bumped into me, spilling papers all over the floor. She smiled at me, her face turning a bright pink. \"Forget it, Ms. Wright,\" Harris scolded. \"He's off limits. \" Everyone was whispering behind my back, literally. The sound effect guy from Police Academy was even making weird noises. We approached the check-in desk, manned by a purple hippopotamus in uniform. A second later, I got smacked in the head with a book. Yeah. That's a pun. \"This is so stupid,\" I muttered. A cigar smoking spider with a bowler waddled up to Sargent Harris, muttering something to him. A few moments later, I got shoved into a steel gray elevator, accompanied by Harris, his spider friend, the Chinese stereotype Kung Fu guy from Dick Tracy , and... the trenchcoat wearing cartoon cat from Last Action Hero . I glanced at the spider, peering at his vest and his black abdomen. Knowing something about the various breeds, I asked. \"Say, are you a house spider, or a mouse spider?\" \"Neither!\" It shouted angrily. \"I'm a cop!\" \"Oh great,\" I groaned. \"He made it funny.\" This group led me through a cheesy looking jail. Unrealistically wide bars, prisoners in horizontal stripes playing harmonica, the standard ball and chain attached to their ankles. One of the harmonica players was a bony bearded man with a leg so thin that he could easily slip it through his leg shackle if he wanted to. Lots of familiar faces. Inspector Clouseau, the Hamburglar, Wiley Coyote, Ren and Stimpi, the dimwitted muscular thugs and tough looking bulldogs who always show up in these kinds of stories. I was not taken to one of these types of jail cells. Instead, I was taken to `maximum security.' As we neared the end of the cell block, a cartoon Jeffrey Dahmer rubbed his stomach and moaned, \"I can't believe I ate the whole thing.\" Harris led me to an `isolation' cell a few rows down from there, basically a big steel box, with a tiny barred window to allow for light, and a slot for food. No toilet, of course. People in cartoons seldom urinate, hardly ever shit. Harris gave me a forceful shove, sending me sprawling on the metal floor. \"Did you notice that I didn't disagree when you called my dad an asshole?\" The cop laughed. \"You know, I think I do like you.\" Harris's handcuffs let go of my wrists and hurried back to him like Thing from the Addams Family. \"So you'll let me go?\" Harris snorted. \"Maybe in a few years.\" He slammed the door shut with a resounding clang. \"You're both assholes,\" I muttered. \"I heard that!\" came the muffled reply. Then there was only silence.[Chapter 8] The best thing about my prison cell was the peace and quiet. I guess, since it was maximum security or something, it had soundproofing. No screams, explosions, or insipid faux classical music. Just me and my thoughts. Sometimes my thoughts really annoyed me. I kept thinking about Jessica, and how close we came to actually doing it . Then I'd remember our age difference and become glad that we did not. Sort of. And then I wondered if going back to the real world wouldn't be so bad. I'd just cooperate with the hotel manager, take out a loan, and let my credit take a hit. A peaceful resolution without any jail time. Maybe I could even settle out of court. I never did look into any sort of claims adjusting with the manager. Then I contemplated the oldest law in Cool World. What if I did find a suitably attractive cartoon character...? Somewhere along the line, I dozed off. I awoke to the sound of knocking. Actually, quiet tapping . When I looked up, I could see a brightly colored face of a bunny rabbit peering at me from the bars at the bottom of the door. Its eyes had long lashes, indicating that it was a child. \"Psst!\" And then I see a brightly colored stub of a pencil rolling across the floor. \"Thanks, kid,\" I groaned. \"Now I have something to tally the years with.\" The rabbit smacked its face. \"Aren't you a Deebes?\" \"Yeah?\" I said. \"So what?\" \"Then D.R.A.W.,\" it hissed. \"I can't even draw a stick figure. What do you want from me?\" The rabbit clenched its teeth, growling in annoyance. \"God! Never mind! Maybe if you stay in there a few years, you'll grow a brain! (What a shithead!)\" The rabbit disappeared, leaving me with the pencil. Out of boredom, I scratched a line on the floor. To my surprise, I saw it glow and wiggle as I... doodled . I created a hole in the floor completely by accident. I only wanted to make a generic shape to see what the pencil did, and voila, happy accident. I looked down through the hole to see a darkened room with a table. It looked unoccupied, and the distance didn't seem to be that great, so I immediately hopped through the opening... ...and found myself landing on a pizza in the Ninja Turtles' den. You see, all four of the green karate dudes were having lunch with their bathrobe clad rat sensei, and I sort of squished a deep dish... whatever with my body as I fell on my back. Sardines, papaya and Halloween candy on a pizza. Seriously, those guys have more bizarre tastes than most pregnant women. I had fallen into a brick sewer tunnel, the larger type that only exists in New York and other megacities, surrounded by a group of identical looking turtles differentiated only by the color of their mask/headband. \"Majorly uncool!\" said the one in yellow. Mike, as I recalled from TV watching. \"No kidding,\" said the one in purple. \"I was looking forward to that pickle jellybean sauerkraut and liverwurst supreme.\" I believe he was Donatello, judging by the nerdy voice. \"I say we kick his ass!\" said the one in red. Hot tempered, probably Raphael. Or did I get them all mixed up? Never before did the information have any personal relevance to me, so I figured I'd probably fail this negotiation. \"I second that motion!\" yelled Mike. \"Do I have a third?\" I looked hopefully at the blue one. (Leo?) Being a serious leader type, I thought maybe he would give me the benefit of the doubt. I probably should have run, but they were ninjas . I didn't have a chance. \"What do you think, sensei?\" he said to the rat. After a dramatic pause, Mr. Hamato Yoshi delivered the verdict in his trademark old Kung Fu guy voice. \" His ass ... deserves kicking. \" The turtles cheered. \"I'm first!\" the mutant in purple hollered. \"I called it!\" \"No fair!\" Mike cried. \"You can kick his ass after me.\" Before I could adequately prepare myself, (Don?) swung his bo staff like a baseball bat, knocking me down a sewer tunnel into surprisingly clean animated water. I drew a circle on a brick wall and found myself looking into a shower, where April O'Neal, girlfriend of one of the turtles, stood naked beneath the running spray. She screamed, and a moment later, a sword slashed my pants, leaving me in my boxers. The one in yellow punched me in the face, and I fell backwards in the `sewage,' unconscious.[Chapter 9] I awoke to a white hand slapping my face, and the sound of police sirens. The Ninja Turtles had left me in an alleyway close to a busy street corner. \"Wake up, you stupid beefcake!\" a high pitched voice shouted. My face got slapped again. I groaned and sat up. As I did so, I suddenly noticed that my arms and legs had been tied together, my whole body cocooned in rope. \"Beefcake?\" I asked. The mouse shrugged. \"It was the only thing I could think of that didn't sound weird.\" I rolled my eyes. \" Great job on that. Now could you get me out of this stuff?\" The mouse pulled a switchblade out of his diaper, sawing the ropes. \"So you're really Jack Deebes's son.\" \"I thought you would have figured that out from my driver's license.\" \"I just thought it was a coincidence,\" the mouse said. \"How oddly un-cartoony of you.\" He poked my face. \"You don't exactly look like him.\" \"I take after my mother,\" I said. \"Can you finish these ropes before I get arrested?\" He cut the rest of them, and I dove behind a dumpster a second before the headlights of a cop car shined in the alley. The beams from the headlights were opaque. It reminded me of scenes from that serious Batman cartoon from the 1990's. \"We need to keep going,\" said the mouse. \"Yeah?\" I said. \"Like where?\" He pointed to a garbage dump beyond the opposite end of the alley. I frowned. \"By the time we get there, we'll be in their line of sight.\" \"Got any better ideas?\" I patted my shirt pocket and found the pencil stub. \"Actually, yes.\" I sketched a small hole in a nearby brick wall, uncovering the conveyor belts and machinery of a cheese factory. I hurried through the hole, hiding behind a molding machine just seconds before one of those spotty orange-yellow dinosaurs from all those Kraft commercials came by in a hard hat and lab coat, inspecting samples. Sneezer hopped through the hole, then rolled it up and stuck it in his diaper once he stood on the other side. \"So,\" I said. \"What now?\" The mouse's pupils suddenly turned into cheese wedges, his mouth hanging open as he drooled. I waved my hand in front of his face, but he was gone. Good riddance, I thought, sneaking down the line of machinery to a giant vat of cheese. Above the vat, I could see a tiny green bug, a female mouse in a jumpsuit, and Watson from a Great Mouse Detective tied up and dangling by a rope. A big Persian cat in a pinstriped suit and a pair of weasels stood on top of a nearby machine, laughing wickedly at their plight. \"You'll never get away with this!\" the girl mouse cried. \"The Rescue Rangers will rescue me!\" \"Oh, I fully expect a rescue attempt,\" the cat said. \"They will make an interesting sort of... fondue .\" Fat cat frowned when he saw me. \"And who are you?\" \"Uh...a repairman,\" I lied. \"Uh, if I find any contaminants shaped like a little guy in a jacket and a bucktoothed squirrel with a red Hawaiian shirt, I'll be sure to bring them to you.\" The cat rubbed his chin thoughtfully. \"If you bring me those... squirrels , as you say, you might find yourself in a very lucrative partnership .\" \"I'll let you know,\" I said. \"P.S. I saw no criminal activity here .\" Fatcat smirked. \"Good! I was thinking about how it would be a shame to kill you .\" If you care for explanations: 1. I thought Fatcat deserved to win at least once. 2. The Rescue Rangers would likely turn me in, whereas a crook would not, without self incriminating. And... 3. I hoped to use another bad guy's criminal operation as smoke screen. I hustled closer to the rear of the factory, ducking behind a towering stack of cardboard boxes, apparently full of cheese. A garage door slid open, and a suspicious looking black truck rolled in, manned by the ski cap wearing muscular hoodlums from Inspector Gadget. The words `Definitely Cheese' had been painted on the side of the vehicle. I looked at the black and red uniforms and thought they might as well write `bad guy' on their foreheads. I squeezed past the truck, pressing my back against the building's rear wall. Ahead of me, I saw cheese trucks, stacks of palettes, discarded machinery, and a road leading to the dump. Almost there. I looked from the left to the right, hoping I hadn't been followed. I suddenly noticed Sneezer standing right next to me, eating a piece of cheese. \"Whatcha doin'?\" I clutched my chest. \"Don't do that!\" \"Do what?\" he said innocently. \"Never mind. Let's get out of here before the cops find us.\" The mouse froze, looking around. \"What. Now.\" The moment I said this, we were surrounded on all sides by cops. The entire cast of Police Academy and Future Cops , the police from Batman and Ninja Turtles and Spider Man , and that fat security guard guy from Animaniacs . They even had classic Batman and a search helicopter with Chief Wiggum in it. \"Shit.\" \"Freeze, dirt bag!\" the chick with the annoying high pitched voice yelled through a bullhorn. It was that chick from Police Academy. The one with the high pitched annoying voice. The whine of electrical feedback didn't make her sound any better. As fast as I could, I rushed back into the factory, hiding behind a wall. I suddenly noticed the cat glaring up at me. \"Is this your doing?\" he growled over the sirens. \"No way,\" I said. \"They only want me . Just act natural and-\" A second later, a thug was dragging me out the door.[Chapter 10] Doctor Claw's goon did a couple practice throws, then tossed me across the parking lot. Somehow, I ended up falling down a hole in the pavement, into another sewer. I looked up and saw a white figure staring into a hole. \" Oops! \" it said. \" I'd better pick this up before someone gets hurt! \" The hole disappeared. I ducked down a sewer tunnel just a few moments before the green ninjas came skating through, making all kinds of noise. For a long time, I just wandered through the labyrinth of tunnels, following the right wall to see where it went. At least by hiding in the tunnels, I could theoretically avoid the heat. To the best of my knowledge, there weren't any cartoons about grabbing an escaped convict in a sewer tunnel. I figured if they made The Fugitive or Stephen King's Golden Years into a cartoon, it could happen, but I really hoped it wouldn't be anytime soon. I stumbled across an alligator, but it seemed friendly. \"Hullo!\" it said. \"Would you like some tea?\" I stared at it for a moment, then said, \"Sure.\" And so I waded into a half submerged sort of living room, with a little table, a refrigerator and an LCD plasma TV. I stared at the screen as the creature put the kettle on. Soccer. The gator smiled at me. \"I have a free cable hookup. Nice, huh?\" \"It's...okay,\" I said. The alligator gave me tea and some kind of scone thing. The tea kind of tasted like Earl Gray and the `biscuit'...kind of tasted like paper, but I said it was tasty anyway. Her televised soccer game appeared to be live, featuring real human beings, which is weird because you'd think it would be cartoon soccer against Acme Looniversity or something. Of course, cartoons can't have pop culture references without access to the reference. In my little chair, I ate my paper scone and drank tea while watching Brazil scoring points. \"Do you know how to get to the surface?\" I asked. \"Maybe to the junk yard?\" \"I know of a few,\" it said. \"There's even one in my bedroom closet.\" \"Oh...kay,\" I said. \"How about a way back to the real world?\" She only shrugged. \"Fine. I think I'll just... settle for the junkyard. \" I waded after the gator as it swam into a brick sewer tunnel/bedroom with dressers and a purple queen bed with a mirror reflecting its sheets from the ceiling. A laptop stood open on a table at the foot of the bed. The situation made me a little uncomfortable, even more so as the creature batted its eyelashes at me and posed provocatively on the bed. I hurried up to the closet, peering inside. My host basically wore a lot of belts and not much else, it seemed. At the rear of the closet, I could see a maintenance ladder with a manhole above. \"Before you go,\" said the gator. \"I need to give you something.\" I swallowed. \"Such as?\" She grabbed my face, giving me a sloppy French kiss. That sounds disgusting, but she was animated, so I figured things could have been worse. Say, for example, if I had been Frenched by a real German Shepherd. Now that would be gross. The manhole led into the trunk of a busted up Chevy. I pushed open the lid, and found myself staring out at a mountain of trash and scrap metal. I quickly hopped out, glancing around the junk piles for signs of police. I hadn't gone a step when I heard a low growl behind me. I spun around and saw a brown dog with black ears and a blue skull and crossbones hat frowning at me. \"Buddy, you're trespassing on private property ,\" it said. \" You don't want to know what I do to trespassers!\" I remembered what the dog was called, and what he was about. He wasn't a static villain, he had a love life (I think), and a couple times his enemy Cat-Illac Cats tried to help him out with things, like keeping his job. \"Uh, hey, Leroy ,\" I said. \"Um, I'm not exactly trespassing , per se. I'm actually looking for a catalytic converter for a `72 Oldsmobile Cutlass Supreme. There's no law against shopping , is there?\" The dog looked flustered. \"N-no. I guess not. Can't say I've heard of what you're looking for, but you can probably find anything in this pile of junk if you look hard enough.\" Feeling a bit emboldened, I added, \"Oh, when I was walking past the dump the other day, I noticed a red and white Cadillac that turns into a house and a boat. I'd like to buy it. Can you show me where it's been moved to?\" \"Uh...you don't want that,\" the dog said nervously. \"It's full of pests.\" \"Really? What a shame. I'm embarrassed to say this, but it's actually what I came here to buy. The converter is just a little extra piece for one of my other cars.\" The dog grumbled something indistinct, and I was led to the appropriate junk mound, the one with the car I mentioned, adjacent to the airplane fuselage piece with the chute that drops down into a rocket propelled bath tub. \"Thanks,\" I said. \"I think I can figure it out from here.\" \"I hope so. Good luck on emptying that thing out.\" With that the dog stomped off. Immediately the tenants of the junk pile came out, a short orange feline with a scarf and a pumpkin shaped hat, a white cat with headphones and roller skates, a skinny brown cat with a headband, and a fat gray one with crossed eyes and a little ski cap. I pointed to each of them in turn. \"Riffraff, Wordsworth, Hector, Mungo...where's Cleo?\" \"Working at the Halftone Club,\" Riffraff, the orange one said. \"If that's any of your concern.\" The brown cat, Hector, scowled at me. \"The more important question is, who are you? \" \"It's really bizarre,\" said Wordsworth, the white one. \"That he knows who we are!\" \"Drew Deebes,\" I said. They backed away a little. \"Drew Deebes!\" they all cried. The white one pointed at me. \"Deebes is that clown, that tore Cool World down!\" Mungo muttered something to Hector, who muttered in Riffraff's ear. The lead cat sighed and shook his head. \"C'mon. Holli wants to talk to you.\" \"Holli?\" I said. \"As in Holli Would?\" He nodded. \"Who else?\" \"There goes the neighborhood,\" said Hector in a dismal tone. \"What's this about?\" I said. \"I don't know, and I'm not sure I want to, either.\" \"If she wants to sleep with me, she can forget it,\" I said. \"There's nothing more disgusting than sleeping with your dad's girlfriend.\" They seemed somewhat relieved to hear me saying this, but only to a slight degree. I guess they weren't sure if I told the truth. \"At any rate,\" said Riffraff. \"I was instructed to bring you to her.\" I furrowed my brow. \"Wait. How could she even know that I'd be here?\" \"I'm not sure,\" he admitted. \"But she had a source.\" I shook my head. \"Cartoons.\" \"C'mon,\" Riffraff urged. \"The sooner this is over, the better.\" \"What do you mean? As soon as what is over?\" The cat poked me in the stomach. \" You . I can't wait to get rid of you , and this whole sorry business!\" I laughed nervously. \"So, what. You're going to rub me out?\" Riffraff rolled his eyes. \"I wish!\" \"We made a deal with certain individuals ,\" said Hector. \"As soon as we dump you off at Holli's place, we won't have to deal with your ugly face again.\" \"Just because my dad is Jack Deebes, you automatically think I'm scum.\" They all nodded. Okay, so maybe Mungo didn't, but he's a little slow. \"I'm not my dad,\" I said. \"I don't intend to be like my dad. So whatever you're thinking, it's wrong.\" \"Duh, I was thinking you're an okay guy!\" said Mungo. \"But if you say it's wrong, it's wrong!\" I groaned. \"Whatever. Look. I used to watch you on TV all the time when I was a kid. I used to love you guys.\" I shook my head, looking into the black dots that served as Riffraff's pupils. \"You especially. I loved how you tried so hard to make Cleo happy, and how you always got the gang together to pull of some crazy half baked plan to get food, or something...\" Riffraff just scowled at me. \"If you like us so much. Do us a favor and follow the rule: Look, but don't touch. \" \"No touching,\" I said. \"I swear.\" I followed him down the mountain of junk to the car. It has been a boyhood fantasy of mine to ride in the felines' fancy Cadillac. I always wondered why the thing never drove anywhere, but I guess the vehicle probably didn't exit the junkyard because it would technically be theft. Of course, I never actually saw the property owner on the show... Come to think of it, the creators of the show were always a bit vague about the type of dump the cats inhabited. Was it a trash dump, or was it a scrap yard? As a trash dump, it contained far too many automobiles and old tires to be practical for disposing a million tons of household waste. As a scrap yard, it sure had a lot of banana peels, broken lamps and other random debris. Did I pull a fast one on the dog? Or did I merely surprise him with possibly the only legal business deal his company ever saw? When we passed Leroy, he looked upset, growling at us, but I sat up in the back seat and said, \"Chill! We're going to the loan office.\" That shut him up. Honestly, if there was a loan office not manned by a wolf and two sharks, I would have gone there in a second, and gotten a cartoon job to pay for it, just to get that car...even if the cats were part of the package. I even thought about trying to draw the money. The view from a cartoon convertible is similar to the interior of a cartoon cop car, except it's wider in scope. Repetitive, but prettier, and it occasionally changed angles with the turn of the steering wheel. For a moment, I pondered their auto insurance. The point was moot, as they didn't actually own the car, but I suspected they had their choice of a General, Erin Esurance, Snoopy or a Gecko, as the guy from HBO's Oz and that guy with the rumbly bass voice from that detective show and Syfy's Incorporated didn't yet have a cartoon. Riffraff turned on the car stereo, and we drove through literally picturesque neighborhoods to the hardcore sound of Xzibit. To my annoyance, the cats rapped along with some of the songs. The neighborhoods turned into tall, bizarrely twisted dark buildings as we traveled over large hills that rose and dipped like waves. As I stared at the scenery, my first thought was, `I didn't know Dr. Seuss was an architect.' Then, `There's no way that building should be standing.' At the top of one wave-like hill, we came to an enormous gate that looked like a set of teeth. I shrank in my seat, preparing for a collision, but at the last moment, the teeth opened, and we were rolling through another stretch of gray buildings. The Cat-illac stopped in front of an intimidating office building with stone lions framing the front staircase. Far above, I could see a green pyramid crowning the twisted structure. Across the street, stood a cylindrical rod-like building, with a puck shaped structure near the top, reminding me vaguely of the Seattle Space Needle. Behind it stood other gray buildings, one of them resembling the London postal tower. I stared at my surroundings in confusion. \"Why are we stopping?\" \"Out,\" said Riffraff. Surprised, and somewhat outraged, I cried, \"What?\" \"You get out here,\" Hector growled. \"But how do I find Holli?\" \"Keep walking. You'll see a high rise with an eye on it, and duck sculptures out front. Can't miss it.\" Frustrated, and feeling somewhat hurt, I climbed out of the car, and Riffraff did an illegal U-turn and sped off in the opposite direction, leaving me in a cartoon cloud of exhaust. I stumbled up the block, staring at the rows of immense high rise apartments. The charcoal colored buildings looked melted and oddly bent. When I neared one, I often feared it would collapse on me, but then they were all drawings, more or less. After walking for several minutes, I found what I was looking for. A dark building with an eye on the door, the front staircase flanked by big sculptures of mallard ducks. I climbed the stairs and knocked on the door. A cartoon butler answered, his long pale face like a human owl, wide iris and pupil-less eyes ringed with dark circles, and a long skinny beak of a nose. His hair was dark and matted down like Frankenstein. The man towered over me by about a foot, and he wore a tuxedo that appeared to be made out of leather. He also wore a dog collar and had a whip wrapped around one shoulder, a fist clenched around a riding crop. \"Mmmyess?\" the man said. I frowned when I noticed he wore a codpiece. \"I'm looking for Holli Would,\" I said. \"They told me to look here.\" \"Then they were wrong,\" the man said stuffily. \"You're in the wrong state. Hollywood is that way .\" And he pointed down the road. The door slammed shut before I could say another word. I knocked again. This time, the man was dressed in a French maid's outfit. \"Mmmyess?\" I could see glimpses of the building's interior behind the man, a sort of mansion-like foyer with a twin staircase, dark red carpeting, a chandelier and a marble statue in the center. \"Holli Would is a person ,\" I told the man. \"I was told to look in the house with the ducks outside the door.\" \"You were told wrong. This is the wrong house.\" The door slammed shut once more. I knocked, and the butler answered the door in a shaggy dog costume, featuring a collar and codpiece. \"Mmmyess?\" I sighed. \"Can you tell me where the person named Holli Would resides?\" Owl Butler scowled at me. \"No.\" Again with the door slamming. I sat down on the steps, frowning at the rows of irregularly shaped high rise buildings across the street. Hearing a hinge creaking behind me, I looked back at the door. Instead of seeing the butler, I saw a peculiar sort of villainess type character. She looked like something Geiger would have made, had he been asked to design a sorceress for He-Man. She was pale, and a bony plate extended from the top and sides of her skull like the monster in all those Aliens movies. Her face was the standard idealized arrangement of brush strokes and pen lines, comic book illustrator formula. The body was likewise an hourglass figure, encased in an exoskeleton bikini. A black cape hung from her angular shoulder plates, rippling from time to time as a spiky tail disturbed the material. \"I hear you're looking for Holli,\" she purred as she seated herself next to me. \"I'll show you a map.\" I glanced up at the door, where the butler now stood in a gimp suit. \"Uh...that's okay. Really. I'll...figure it out on my own.\" \"Are you sure?\" she insisted. \"Well...\" As I followed her into the building, the butler unzipped his mask and said, \"Mmmyess?\" I expected her to lead me to Skeletor's dungeon, but instead I was led into a very ordinary looking sitting room. Well, as ordinary as things got in toon town. The eyes on the fancy paintings moved every once and awhile, the deer head over the fireplace had a ball gag in its mouth that it occasionally chewed, there was a disco ball, and all the bookcases were paintings, but it wasn't that weird looking otherwise. Leather sofas, loveseat, ottoman. Glass coffee table full of animated fish, bear skin rug that growled when I stepped on it... Okay, still kind of weird, but not weird weird . The stranger opened a sarcophagus in the corner, revealing Mum Rah from the Thundercats. The blue mummified monster grumbled something about Candy Crush as the woman yanked a cel phone from its grip and shut the lid. Like all cartoon objects, the phone could easily be stretched to a larger size, maybe even the size of a mast on a sailing ship if you had reason to. She stretched it to the size of a computer monitor, bringing up a map. \"What's her address?\" I frowned. \"I don't know. They just told me to look for a house with an eye and a pair of ducks in front of it.\" \"Swans,\" the lady said, reaching behind her head plate. \"Oh, and where are my manners?\" She thrust her tail at me. \"Miss Terious.\" I shook the tail. I was just going along for the ride at this point. \"Drew.\" I paused. My last name was getting me into all kinds of trouble. \"Drew Odum .\" \"Nice to meet you.\" She smiled, removing a large pink spider thing from the back of her skull. When she set the thing on the floor, I could see it was one of those type of things comic book artists draw when they're trying hard not to copy the facehugger from aliens. The thing had eyes and a large set of teeth, its ridged body closely resembling the earwig mother from the Wrath of Khan . \"What's that?\" I said. \"It's a tracker,\" she replied, picking up a bull whip. \"She'll show you to Holli's house.\" She stretched the whip in her hands. \" You may go. As you can see, I'm a little busy .\" \"Oh...kay?\" And so I followed the facehugger thing out the door. The butler now wore a diaper and had a ball gag in his mouth, mumbling out a muffled \"Mmmyess\" as I passed. The `Phace Hugger' led me up a hill for a few blocks, and then I saw it . It was a creepy sort of high rise. The swan ornaments out front looked downright demonic. They even had lights inside them. I had to look up to the twentieth or thirtieth story to see the eye the cats spoke about, but it seemed I had found the right place. Directly opposite the building, I saw the ramshackle farmhouse from Courage the Cowardly Dog , complete with elderly curmudgeons in rocking chairs and their sleeping pet. A little boy, Bobby from Bobby's World , pedaled past the house on a big wheel, dragging a stretchy rubber spider toy behind him. My unsightly guide waved goodbye with its finger legs, waddling off down the hill. I approached the door of the high rise, staring at the creepy mutant skull shaped door knocker painted on its flat surface. Not quite sure what to do, I knocked on the knocker. A drawing popped out of the painted wood, a free flowing sketch of a deformed skull door knocker, looking all mean and evil as it chewed its ring and glared at me. \"What do you want?\" it said in a creepy distorted voice. \"Is this where Holli Would lives?\" \"Who wants to know?\" I told it, \"Me. Drew Deebes .\" The knocker squinted at me for a moment, then growled \"Suite 2017\" and something unintelligible, turning back into a drawing on the door. The door slid open. The moment I stepped through the door, I bumped into the stomach of a big purple gorilla with a human-like face, orange eyebrows, and orange pants. \"Uh, sorry,\" I blurted. \"You don't look like him,\" it growled. \"Who?\" I said, dreading where this was going. \"The Deebes kid. Heard a noid was coming this way, and his name was Deebes. Guess that's you.\" I shrugged. \"Maybe I am a Deebes. What of it?\" The creature just snickered and stepped aside. His companion, a deformed blue smurf with no hat, rambled incoherently as I passed him. I nearly stepped on my next obstacle, some kind of bald mutant in a diaper, with biker gloves on his hands. Its face made me think of a convict from jail for some reason. \"Excuse me,\" I said to it. The creature got on its hands, offering me one of its feet to shake. When I attempted to do so, the creature poked me in the eye with its other foot. \"He's a Deebes, all right.\" \"Oooh,\" a female voice moaned. \"Let me get a second opinion.\" A pair of purple gloves yanked my boxers down. Incredibly embarrassed, I quickly pulled them back up, then spun around to scowl at the one who did it, a light brown midget with huge lips and black hair that curled up in a wave. Her dress and her headband was pink, and she had no legs. \"He's definitely a Deebes,\" she muttered. All three laughed at me, then, as I wandered inside, in search of stairs or an elevator, took out bags of popcorn, watching me like I were a kind of movie. It was by far the most unusual apartment lobby I've ever been in. Near the door were rows of mailboxes, but that wasn't the strange part. Next to the lock boxes for oversized packages, I found two additional boxes labeled `baby', and the stork from the Vlasic pickle commercials was stuffing a bundled something into one of them. Great, I thought with a roll of my eyes. Now I know where babies come from. The lobby had a lounge area, its couches occupied by Tony the Frosted Flakes tiger, a muscular big chinned guy that looked like Indiana Jones, and his pet eye patch wearing panther, the latter two, I believe, were Pitfall characters. A vending machine to one side of the room contained Eek the Cat, his purple body blocking the view of all the fictional brand named products inside, and I witnessed the grumpy plumber alligator from Sweet Pickles pushing a janitor's cart out of an elevator. I marched into an elevator next to him, staring at the buttons. The building had roughly five hundred floors. Room 2017, I thought. I pushed 20 in hopes I'd find the room there, but that proved to be wishful thinking. I only found those twin purple haired girls from The Simpsons re-enacting a scene from The Shining and that cow from really old Mickey Mouse cartoons on that floor. All the numbers were in the 200 range. I needed 2000. When I returned to the elevator area, I nearly stepped into one shaped like a giant skull. I didn't think that would be a good idea, so I got in a regular one, and suddenly found myself in the company of Droopy Dog, who, I guess, worked part time as the elevator man. A little dog with orange hair in a Frankenstein haircut, bags under his eyes, jowls. If I were a psychologist, I would diagnose him with psychothemia, or maybe a sleep disorder. Not my favorite animated character, but you couldn't choose them here. He stood on a little stool, looking at me with a bored expression as he deadpanned, \"What floor, sir?\" \"Floor 2000,\" I said. He pushed a button, and it's like I'm standing in a capsule blasting off a launch pad at Cape Canaveral. The G-forces were so extreme that I fell on the floor. \"Floor 2000, sir.\" Seeing a line of cartoon characters waiting to trample me to get in, I pulled myself up on a rail and staggered out. I was in a hallway, lined with scary looking doors and tall black framed windows overlooking rows of twisting buildings. As I wandered from door to door, checking the room numbers, I accidentally bumped into an unfamiliar Archie's character with flowing red hair and glasses, knocking her shopping bags to the floor. Stuff scattered all over the place. \"Sorry, miss,\" I blurted. I helped her pick up bags, clothing items, perfume bottles and other things. Blue short sleeved blouse. Little black skirt. High heels and stockings. She was cute for a cartoon. I figured she would be fair competition for Betty and Veronica. When our hands brushed each other, I saw little cartoon hearts floating out of her body. \"Thank you,\" she said with a nervous smile. \"I...should really watch where I'm going.\" She picked up more items. \"No,\" I said. \"I was clumsy.\" The girl offered a dainty hand. \"Vanessa Vixx.\" I shook it. \"Drew Deebes.\" Vanessa giggled. \" Drew. That's cute. So. What brings you up to this floor?\" \"Um, my dad's girlfriend wants to talk to her about something. I don't know.\" I just shrugged. She picked up her bags and stood up. \"You want to go out , you know , once you have your talk, and I have my things put away?\" I swallowed hard. \"Uh, I don't think that's a good idea.\" She turned red. \"I'm only asking you out for coffee . I'm not asking you to come into my room and go to town! \" I chuckled, feeling a bit awkward. \"Sorry. I'm...new to...Cool World. Coffee sounds fine.\" \"How about ice cream?\" she said suddenly. \"Sure. Whatever you like.\" She smiled. \"I'll be at Hoofnagel's on third street. Don't take too long.\" When she turned her back to me, I suddenly noticed a stripey orange tail poking out of her rear. I wasn't too surprised. I thought the addition made her look even cuter. \"Wait,\" I called. \"Do you know where I can find Suite 2017?\" She pointed her tail in the direction opposite to the one I'd been traveling. \"I'd take what Holli says con grano salo .\" I chuckled. \"I see those glasses aren't just for looks.\" \"Not everything here is window dressing,\" she said as she glanced back. When she turned a corner, I heard her add, \"I have layers. Like an onion. \" I laughed. \"You just had to make Shrek sexy,\" I muttered. Realizing what I just said, I covered my mouth in horror. \"I need to get out of this place!\" Apartment 2017 had an oddly shaped polygonal door painted with brown-orange tiger stripes. I knocked and it came open. Of course, being as it looked and felt like cardboard, I probably could have blown it open. Inside, I found a vast room lined with archways, featuring a bar with a white tiger striped counter, a cardboard couch, a seventies style donut couch (I believe you would call it a `banquette'), and a large Victrola, that, strangely enough, showed an episode of Desperate Housewives like a movie projector. A blonde with a puffy bun hairdo and a sleeveless white dress sat cross legged on a stool nearby, watching the program with great interest. At first she didn't even notice me enter the room. \"Uh...hi?\" I ventured. At last noticing me, she climbed off the stool, straightening her dress. The outfit had a plunging neckline, and a wide slit running up the side, revealing her long slender legs. \" Drew Deebes...\" She slid a hand up the slit, exposing more thigh as her palm and fingers made their way to her hip. \"I've heard so much about you.\"[Chapter 11] \"You're hitting on me?\" I cried. \"When you slept with my dad? Sick!\" \"Don't act so disgusted,\" she said, sliding her hand down to the middle of her dress, exposing more leg. \"I can see where your eyes keep going.\" I forced my gaze upward, into her blue eyes. \"Is that why you asked me up here? To sleep with everyone in the Deebes family? Hey, once you're done doing me, I have a grandpa in Boise...\" She dropped her hand to her side and scowled at me. \"Being disrespectful seems to be a family trait!\" \"No offense, but I'm not a big fan of sloppy seconds.\" We frowned at each other for a few moments. \"Do you know what happened to my dad? Did he die? Is he a cartoon like Harris?\" \"Your father is very much alive.\" \"Then why I haven't I seen him? Do you know where he went?\" \"He's here , Drew. He's here. \" \"Have you seen him lately?\" She glared at me, shook her head. \"Not after we split up. He's slowly been distancing himself from me the moment we came back from the incident.\" \"Do you know anyone named Heinreich Baubels?\" She paused and thought a moment. \"It's...not ringing any bells. We do have a Professor Bubbles, but I don't know where he is right now.\" \"Why did you ask me up here?\" I asked. \"I wanted to see what Jack's son looked like. Honestly, I was impressed until you opened your mouth. \" I rolled my eyes. \"I still don't understand. Why was it so horrible for you and dad to sleep together? Why was there a law against it to begin with?\" She glanced at a clock on the wall. \"Keep your eyes on me for the next...thirty seconds.\" I sighed, doing as she asked. \"Okay?\" All of a sudden, I was looking at a real woman. Her hair took on the darker straw color of real blonde hair, her bosom and hips shrinking to realistic proportions, the titanium white paint that represented her dress turning to silk. Thirty seconds later, she turned cartoon again. \"That's what happens when a noid and a doodle does it . At first, it happened once every couple minutes, but over the years, it's stabilized.\" \"I know it's not any of my business, but does it help to... sleep with him some more? \" \"I really don't think so. I mean, I tried it, but I didn't notice much of a difference. I still turn real twice every hour, thirty seconds to the hour, and after the thirty mark.\" \"So that's all it does?\" I said. \"It doesn't produce a child or anything?\" She burst out laughing. \"You're funny.\" But then the amusement left her face for some reason. \"I don't get it. What's so illegal about it? It only affects you, right?\" Not wanting to imply that I wanted anything to do with her, I quickly added, \"I mean, if my dad's girlfriend turns human once and awhile, he shouldn't go to jail over it... \" Holli shook her head. \"Let me show you something.\" She led me over to a corner of the room featuring shrine devoted to... The Union Plaza Hotel ,of all things. Surprised, I pointed at an old photograph of the front of the building. \"Hey! That's-\" \"That isn't what I want to show you,\" she interrupted. Her slender hand pointed to a glowing hole floating in the air a couple inches away from the wallpaper. It was only about the size of a half dollar, but I could see enough through it to startle me. The hole overlooked a real living room. Faded, lumpy furniture, unflattering dingy lighting, a spider web in the corner nearest the hole, fading cracked interior paint. An emaciated gangly teen smoked a cigarette while practicing guitar in front of a Ramones video on a flat screen TV. The video appeared to be a bootleg because the picture kept freezing up. I stared in puzzlement. \"What is this?\" \"It's a rip in the fabric of reality,\" Holli said. \"I think it has some connection to one of the spikes of power.\" \"So ...your having sex did this?\" She looked at me like I were an idiot. \"No. It just made it bigger. Big enough for me to get out. \" \"Is...that how you met him? Were you just kind of...stalking him from that hole?\" \"It's not like that,\" she said. \"We had a connection.\" \"Sure,\" I said. \"Stalkers never say that.\" She sighed. \"Drew, have you stopped for a moment and thought about where cartoon and comic book characters originate from?\" I shrugged. \"Uh...the illustrator imitating other artists and using design formulas, occasionally using real life models for reference?\" \"That's not where they come from,\" she said. \"That's only the language.\" I furrowed my brow. \"I'm not following you.\" \"Drew, Cool World exists with or without the artist. I had an existence, a life , long before your father ever started drawing me.\" I thought about it for a moment. \"So...you're saying...you're all a bunch of living, breathing ideas?\" \"Truly talented artists don't get ideas,\" she said. \"The tap into Cool World.\" \"Does that mean Wolverine is around here somewhere?\" She shook her head. \"I don't particularly care for Logan's mood swings.\" I laughed. \"How does that even work? I mean, Catwoman was based on Bob Crane's real ex-girlfriend...\" \"That's only an ingredient, Drew. I'm talking about the moment when an artist puts a pencil to paper and churns out a graphic novel in twenty four hours because it ` practically wrote itself.'\" \"I thought that had to do with deadlines and energy drinks.\" I could tell she was losing patience with me, but I wasn't an artist or a spiritualist. I worked for H and R Block. \"You still haven't explained how you and dad met.\" \"Look. Cool World exists on a separate plane, a wavelength or something that sometimes overlaps your world.\" She touched her palms, slowly sliding them together. \"When that happens, and the right artist is present at the point of contact...\" All of a sudden, her voice took on the tone of a swimsuit model explaining the effects of K-Y Jelly. \"That's when special things start to happen!\" She rubbed her hands together in a way that seemed to illustrate sex. \"Big things. I mean major .\" Her tone of voice made it sound like she were talking about erections, but she instead gushed out, \"Mickey Mouse. Krazy Kat. Superman. Captain America. Casper. The Mysterious Cities of Gold.\" That last one went right over my head. \"What?\" \"Never mind,\" she groaned. \"The point is, Cool World is where the big ones come from. And if the right artist just so happens to be in that spot and that spot happens to be within a hundred yards of a spike?\" She made a noise like she were being sexually pleasured, continuing in breathier tones. \"That's when the real magic happens! That's how I was able to cross over! \"I started little at first, reaching out of the paper, testing Jack's limits, and then I grabbed him. \" She let out a moaning giggle that made me feel awkward and uncomfortable. \"Oh...kay. Thanks for the explanation.\" I glanced at the rip in the fabric of space/time again and frowned. \"How do you see anything through this?\" \"That's not the only hole. There's another in my bedroom.\" I gave her a dirty look. \"I think I'll pass on that one.\" \"It's not what you think,\" she said. \"Of course it's not.\" She shook her head. \"I have a device that can see into your world, but it's heavy. You'll need to come into the other room so I can show you.\" I was becoming weary of these constant attempts at seduction. As cute as she was, I couldn't make myself not think about dad stripping naked and...ugh. \"All right,\" I groaned. \"This had better not be a trick.\" She led me into an adjacent room, a big dark place with wide spreading windows draped in flowing curtains, and a bed with tiger striped coverings, some dressers, a nightstand, and little else. A bust of some generic rock and roll guy decorated the wall above the nightstand. I only mention this last item because I kept squinting at it, trying to figure out who it represented, and never figured it out. She pulled a dresser aside, revealing another small hole in reality, this one overlooking a messy bedroom, filled with posters for rock bands I'd never heard of, punk rock gear, and art supplies. A teenage girl with multiple piercings and spiky purple dyed hair sat on a bed with Ipod buds plugged in her ears, mumbling along to some song while she sketched pictures like one of those psychics who did automatic writing. \"See?\" Holli whispered. \" She has the connection. Her room is directly above a spike, in the same rental property your father once lived in.\" She marched over to a wall, pulling the cord on what appeared to be a hide away bed, but instead of bringing down a bed, one of those Rube Goldberg-esque telescopes they sometimes used on weird cartoon shows plunked down on the floor. The animated woman turned a few dials, pulled some levers and turned a crank, stooping to peer through the eyepiece. Apparently not satisfied by the view, she made some adjustments to the dials, levers and switches. \"There,\" she said with an air of triumph. \"Take a look.\" I bent over and peered through the lens, and as I did, I felt Holli pressing her body against mine. I tried to ignore it. Once my eyes focused on what I was seeing, I had no trouble continuing to ignore her. On the teen's paper was a drawing of myself, looking through a telescope, with an animated slut wrapped around me. \"Her name is Dane Gatson,\" Holli said. \"She's very promising, don't you think?\" I swallowed. \"This is insane.\" I stepped away from the telescope. \"That's interesting. I think I'm beginning to underst-\" Before I could finish the sentence, she pushed me against a dresser and kissed me, sliding a hand into the back of my boxers.[Chapter 12] I yanked Holli's hand out of my shorts and shoved her away. \"That's it. We're done here.\" \"Are you sure?\" she said. \"Because I'm almost positive I felt you kissing back a couple times.\" I was, but I hadn't been thinking for a moment. \"That was a mistake.\" \"Yes...\" She slowly unbuttoned my shirt. \"A sexy mistake.\" I pushed her hands off me. \"No, just a regular one.\" The line worked just as well as it did in the cartoon I stole it from. She let out a feminine version of that sound Yosemite Sam made when his plans were thwarted. \"If I didn't know any better, I'd swear you were Frank Harris's kid!\" I pulled the cardboard bedroom door open. \"Coming from you, I consider that a compliment.\" I marched through the outer living space, strode to the door, but then stopped a moment before leaving. I still had questions. I spun around, facing the temptress, who incidentally still trailed me. \"How did you find me?\" I said. \"How did you know I was here to begin with? Did you use that big telescope thing, or what?\" She shook her head. \"A Little Sneezer told me.\" Holli marched over to a cardboard couch, pulling the white rodent out by his ear. Sneezer smiled and waved at me. \"I understand you have a date with a noid,\" Holli said. \"Yeah. At least that's halfway normal.\" I would have said `normal,' but we're talking about Jessica here. At least, that was the idea. \"Well, if you're not too busy, there's one more thing I want to show you. I think you'll find it twice as interesting as my telescope.\" \"Let me guess,\" I said. \"It's under your sheets.\" She smirked. \"I'll admit that is interesting, but the thing I'm talking about will positively blow your mind.\" I just stared at her, waiting for the punch line. \"Come to the Halftone Club at six tonight. There's something you've just got to see.\" \"Six o' clock?\" I said. \"Really? This place has no sense of time! How will I even know?\" \"Most doodles here have an internal clock.\" She slipped a wristwatch off her ankle, handing it to me. \"Here. It's from Back to the Future , one of the few cartoons that tell time.\" Despite the slightly sexual origin of the gift, I put it on. \"Thanks.\" Holli reached into Sneezer's diaper, pulling out...my other pair of pants. \"Here,\" she said, throwing them to me. \"You're going to need these.\" \"Wow!\" I said with honest gratitude. \"Thank you! Really!\" She giggled. \"Don't mention it.\" I stared at Sneezer in disgust. \"Wait. Why did you have those in the first place?\" The mouse shrugged and said \"I don't know,\" but I guessed it had something to do with him getting his jollies, sexually. \"Do you happen to also have my other shirt in there?\" Holli dug this out of his diaper as well. \"I'm not sure I want to know how you fit all that stuff in there without creating a bulge.\" \"It's called Hammer Space,\" the mouse said. \"What a weird name for your rectum,\" I muttered. I turned to face Holli. \"Um,\" I said. \"Would it be too much trouble for you to also toss me my wallet?\" Holli shook her head. \"Sorry, Drew. You and Sneezer had an agreement. I'd hate for you to go back on your word .\" \"Fine,\" I groaned, rolling my eyes. \"Whatever. Thanks for the pants, at least. It's been... real .\" I pulled my slacks back on and pushed my way out the cardboard door. \"So,\" I said to Sneezer as we made our way to the elevators. \"Do you know where I can find this Hoofnagel's place?\" The mouse nodded. \"Most doodles know where that is. It was right up the street from where we came in.\" I raised a hand to the elevator call button and stopped. \"What about Officer Harris? What about the police?\" \"We'll figure something out. You still got that pencil, right?\" I dug in my pocket, showing him the stub. \"Good,\" he said. \"Keep it handy.\" The first door that opened when I pushed Down was the one that looked like a skull, with googly eyes. Eager to get out of that place, I hurried over to it. \"I...wouldn't go in that one if I were you,\" Sneezer warned. \"Oh yeah? Why not? Is it just an empty elevator shaft?\" The mouse just shook his head. \"What will it do? Send me to a cartoon devil or something?\" \"Nothing that bad ...\" he said. \"Will it at least get me to the first floor?\" \"It'll definitely do that!\" Annoyed at him being so mysterious, I marched through the open mouth. The elevator dropped so suddenly that I thought someone had cut the cables. Through a pair of small windows, I could see strange objects rushing past, skulls, bones, ghoulish faces with distended jaws and long tongues, chemical equations, a clock, a giant eye...it was like the opening sequence to The Twilight Zone . Electronic music started up. Not the Twilight Zone theme, but an oddly familiar tune. Something with a beat. The elevator came to an abrupt stop, and a giant boot kicked me and Sneezer in the rear. We went flying through this darkened void filled with surreal bric-a-brac, landing on a conveyor belt. It was only then that I recognized the music. The theme song to Filmation's Go-Go Ghostbusters . We rapidly rolled down the conveyor belt, and in the space of a couple minutes, I was stripped naked by a set of mechanical arms, I received a shower, and I found myself clothed in an animated yellow and brown uniform and boots, with a ghost belt buckle. A robot arm slapped a heavy brown rucksack to my back, and another boot kicked me off into space. I screamed until I fell down a bone slide, which twisted around for what seemed like miles. I landed with a painful thump in the back seat of a yellow Model T Ford. \"Don't say I didn't warn you!\" the similarly uniformed mouse said as it landed next to me. I gawked at my surroundings. The vehicle stood in an alleyway, but, strangely enough, I didn't see the same buildings I saw when I first approached Holli's high rise. \"Where are we?\" \"Behind the Go-Go Ghostbuster base. Where else?\" The car coughed and twisted around. \"H-hey!\" The machine sputtered like it were having engine trouble. \"W-what's the b-big idea!\" \"Take us to Hoofnagel's,\" Sneezer said. \"And step on it.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"Where's my clothes?\" \"They're in your backpack,\" the mouse said. \"Right next to your ghost blasting equipment.\" \"G-g-ghost blaster!\" the car cried. \"You're not g-going on one of those ka-ka-krazy m-missions are you guys?\" \"No way,\" I said. \"He's just going on a date ,\" Sneezer added. \"Pshew!\" the car sighed in relief. \"Not to wuh-worry, I'll hah-hah-have you over there in two cuh cuh clicks of a cuh cuh carburettor!\" \"This was a great idea,\" the mouse said. \"Harris will hardly recognize you in that uniform.\" \"I hope so,\" I muttered. The car dropped on its scissor legs, and its rocket engine shot us down a street of generic looking buildings. Then, all of a sudden, we stopped in front of an old timey looking soda fountain. The place had been styled after the soda shops of the 1950's. Lots of chrome, art deco furniture, and neon. Nothing too insane. In fact, rather...calm for a cartoon locale. When I saw the bearded white face of the proprietor, it all snapped into place. The Get Along Gang . Mr. Hoofnagel was a goat, or rather, a ram , with curly horns and a striped apron. He shared many similarities with the kindly old ice cream clerk from The Brady Bunch . For a moment, I paused, recalling a scene from Get Along Gang where the sheep, or maybe the dog, took over the goat's job. I also wondered how the guy ever made money when he never had any real paying customers. In the background, the jukebox was playing some Time Life collection of malt shop songs, interspersed with the Get Along Gang theme song. This might sound crazy, but the reason why I liked Mr. Hoofnagel, at least while I was stuck in that crazy universe, was because he was actually boring . Although that's insulting to say about someone in the real world, in Cool World boring was a very precious commodity. I knew (at least from the cartoons) that I could trust Hoofnagel to be a straight shooter. I marched up to the soda counter occupied with a moose, the girl sheep and female dog, smiling at Cool World's Most Uninteresting Ram. \"Hi, Mr. Hoofnagel,\" I said. \"How are you?\" I refrained from calling him `pops,' but I wanted to. He stared at me. \"You're Drew Deebes, aren't you? Jack Deebes' son?\" I leaned over the counter, lowering my voice. \"Whatever they're saying, they're wrong. I came here with a very real non-animated girlfriend, and that's who I'm leaving with. Could you do me a huge favor and not tell anyone I'm here?\" The ram nodded slowly. \"Does that include your nice lady doodle friend with the glasses?\" I swallowed. \"No. She's, uh, fine . Did you see her come in?\" Hoofnagel pointed a paw at a booth in the back corner. The girl was reading a book in front of a partially consumed strawberry milkshake. I smiled, amused by the seeming normalness of the scene. Actually, more than amused . I had to check myself to make sure there weren't any Valentine hearts floating out of my chest. \"Thanks,\" I told the clerk. Then, glancing at the door, I thought about Officer Harris and muttered, \"And for the record, we're just friends .\" Hoofnagel nodded. \"May I suggest a pair of chocolate sundaes for the just friends ?\" I shook my head. \"I don't have any money.\" \"That hasn't stopped me before,\" he said, casting his other customers an accusing glance. \"But it's up to you.\" \"I'd hate to impose,\" I protested. \"Relax, Drew,\" said Sneezer. \"I got this.\" He threw a few bills on the counter. A couple seconds later, I was holding a pair of soda glasses filled with chocolate drizzled ice cream. Sneezer took up a seat at the counter, sipping something foamy as he nodded me toward the girl. He and that nosy gray wolf looking character in a headband and track suit seated next to him watched with bemused looks on their faces. I decided to pretend they weren't there. Feeling a little embarrassed, I slipped into the chair opposite my new female acquaintance, setting down the sundaes. \"Hi!\" I said nervously. \"Meep!\" she cried, and a pair of cat's ears exploded from her hair. She slapped her book on the table. I chuckled. \"I didn't mean to startle you.\" \"It's okay,\" she said with an embarrassed laugh, her slender fingers struggling to push the springy feline ears back into her hair. She only succeeded in concealing one. The other just snapped back out like part of a broken umbrella. \"Sorry,\" she said. \"The second one's always a little tricky.\" \"You're fine,\" I said. \"Leave it out. It's cute .\" Now both ears stuck straight out of her hair. Her face turned a deep salmon color. \"I know it sounds silly, but I always felt self conscious about them.\" \"Look around you,\" I said. \"You don't have anything to worry about.\" I picked up the book, staring at the cover. Frank Herbert's Dune . \"Wait a minute. This is real!\" I flipped through the pages. Everything was there, from Paul's trial at the Gom Jabbar to the final battle with Baron Harkonnen. \"Where did you get this?\" \"The Land of the Lost Stuff,\" she said. \"Beneath The Lost Sock Laundromat. It's where all the good noid stuff winds up. There must be a spike around there somewhere.\" \"Interesting choice of reading,\" I said. She nodded. \"I love the depth and complexity of the story. He's thought of everything. The culture, the economy, the religious society...\" \"I wish more doodles had your kind of class,\" I said. \"Most the ones I've met so far seem to think books are only for hitting people with.\" Vanessa laughed. \"Tell me about it. Around here, the bookstores only carry Romeo and Juliet, A Christmas Carol , nonfiction how-to books, and anything with a pun in the title.\" \" Gone with the Wind and The Sun Also Rises ,\" I guessed. \"Exactly. I tried reading their Moby Dick once, but it's only the first sentence and a bunch of blank paper.\" I chuckled and shook my head. \"` Call me Ishmael ...'\" \"So...\" she said. \"What did you talk with Holli about?\" I shrugged. \"Something about my father...and holes in the fabric of space/time. She was making me feel really uncomfortable. \" She chortled through her nose. \"Holli has that affect on people.\" \"Anyways,\" I said. \"I was glad to get out of there.\" She stared at the sundaes. \"Is this for me?\" \"No,\" I joked. \"I was just really hungry.\" I pushed it toward her. Vanessa smiled, digging in. After swallowing a mouthful, she pointed her spoon at my outfit. \"What's with the getup? Trying to impress me?\" \"I don't know,\" I said. \"Is it working?\" She giggled. \"Maybe?\" \"Actually, it was just something that got thrown on me.\" Vanessa laughed through her nose as she swallowed another bite. I decided to try a bite of my own, just to see what it tasted like. It turned out the stuff tasted like plain yogurt, not to be confused with vanilla. An awkward silence fell between us as we stared into each other's eyes. Little Valentine hearts popped out of her blouse, floating up around her head. Her face turned a solid pink as she raised her ice cream spoon, stabbing each heart until it popped. She gave me a nervous grin as another heart drifted out of her shirt collar. \"S-sorry,\" she said in almost a whisper. \"It's okay,\" I said. \"It's-\" \"I know, it's cute !\" she blurted, her face flushing red. \"You don't understand! It's not okay! It's not! You can see my secret feelings and I can't see any of yours!\" I drew a heart on a napkin, thinking I would have a paper valentine to show her, but instead, to my surprise and satisfaction, I created an animated floating heart instead. It was a little tricky, but I caught the heart between my thumb and forefinger, holding it up to the side of my head. \"Does this help?\" Vanessa chuckled, sighed happily. \"Maybe?\" She took my hand and squeezed it. I smiled, giving the ram an uncomfortable sideways glance. My female acquaintance turned her head that way. \"Where's your little friend?\" I stared at the empty stool. She was right. Sneezer was gone! I really hadn't been paying attention. He could have gone anywhere . \"He's not exactly my friend,\" I said. \"He's a little creep, and he stole my wallet.\" I thought about mentioning the deal I made with the mouse, but wasn't sure how she'd react. \"That's too bad,\" she said. \"I'll figure something out.\" I smirked at her hopefully. \"In the meantime, maybe we could, I don't know, go on another date, maybe see this Land of Lost Stuff you're talking about.\" Another heart flew up around her head. \"I'd...like that.\" I grinned. \"I can tell.\" Vanessa gave me a playful jab. \"You rat.\" She leaned over the table, gazing at me. I leaned forward, smiling, anxiously waiting for those brightly colored animated lips to touch my real ones. Already I could feel my skin tingle as her face and the breath from her nostrils disturbed the air particles surrounding my skin. The subtle atmospheric music, for some reason, had shifted to This Kiss by Faith Hill. Ordinarily, I would have complained, but my mind was on other things , so I just ignored it. All of a sudden, I notice her wristwatch flashing and beeping. It was like one of those `Return to Base' watches they had on superhero-ish cartoons like MASK. She blushed, retreating to her chair. \"What was that?\" I said. \"Nothing,\" she mumbled. \"I, uh... gotta go to the bathroom.\" \"Is that superhero code for `I gotta go save the world now'?\" She laughed. \"No, I really gotta pee. The watch is just to tell me to take my insulin.\" Before I could question her about her diabetes and eating sugary ice cream, she hurried off through a door in the corner of the shop. I sat there for roughly eight to ten minutes, waiting for her. When I thought about how most cartoons, like the one featuring Mr. Hoofnagel's shop, for example , never showed there being a restroom, I got curious. Curious, and somewhat in need of actually using said facilities, if they existed. I marched around to the place I'd seen Vanessa disappear into, and actually found a bathroom. If it's horrible to sleep with a noid, I can't imagine what kind of damage human urine does to cartoon sewer and septic systems. But I had to go. I'm not sure I want to know the result. Let's just say that there was a wet alligator, and leave it at that. I came back out and waited for Vanessa some more. The Get-Along-Gang characters had left the scene, perhaps retiring to their caboose, but I could still see Heathcliff and his girlfriend Sonya sharing a soda in the opposite corner. \"Did your friend stand you up?\" the ram asked me. \"Yeah?\" I groaned. \"I guess it's just as well. You know the law .\" Seeing her book still on the table, I handed it to `Mr. H.' \"Could you give this back to her when she comes back?\" He nodded. \"Good luck on finding your noid girl.\" \"Thanks for not turning me in to the cops, Mr. H.\" \"Vanessa is a special girl,\" he said. \" She needs a friend who understands her . Maybe one day, if something happens to you like Officer Harris... \" I swallowed hard, thinking about how horrible that kind of existence would be. \"Yeah...that...would be swell .\" Feeling a hand tugging my arm, I turned and saw the little Ghostbuster mouse looking at me with a very grave expression. \"Drew! I found her!\" \"Who?\" I said. \"Vanessa?\" The mouse smacked his head in annoyance, then dug one of those Car-X birds out of his uniform. When the bird saw me, it made that shortened version of the Bridge Over River Kwai song that certain cel phones make when you get a text. The avian flew to me, nuzzling against my neck. I suddenly understood why Jessica let them sit on her. They were adorable. \"Where is she?\" I cried. \"She's at the Savoy,\" Sneezer replied. \"But you're not going to like it.\" The bird mournfully whistled the opening to Beethoven's Fifth.[Chapter 13] \"What,\" I said. \"Am I not going to like?\" Sneezer frowned. \"It's more dramatic if I actually show you.\" \"I'm human,\" I said. \"I like my life to be drama free. Could you please spare me the grief and just tell me the bad news?\" \"I'm sorry, Drew,\" Sneezer said. \"I'm a doodle. It just won't play. \" I rolled my eyes. \"All right, all right. Show me this...`bad news'.\" Suddenly Jessica's fat birdie popped out of Vanessa's half finished sundae, shaking ice cream off its feathers. The fowl looked me in the eyes like it had something terribly important to say, then busted out with the opening to Long Tall Sally. I glanced at the creature with slight annoyance. \"Did she ditch you too, buddy?\" The creature replied by singing Solitaire by Peter Ceterra. I squinted at him. \"Wait. Weren't there more than two of you guys?\" That got me The Backstabbers by the O'Jays. I followed Sneezer outside, only to find out that our talking classic roadster had driven off. The mouse yanked off the top of a garbage can, throwing cans, food wrappers and banana peels on the sidewalk. \"What are you doing?\" I hissed. \"This is the only way across the street without getting hit by a car.\" He sat the can back down, peering inside. \"So you're going to roll across the street?\" I said with skepticism. \"Forgive me if I'm wrong, but I've seen a few cartoons in my day. Doesn't that ordinarily result in you getting thrown back to the side you started from?\" Sneezer didn't answer. After scooting the can back and forth a few times, he said, \"Aha!\" Of course the bird on my shoulder responded by singing Take On Me , a song authored by Aha. The mouse jumped inside the trash can and disappeared. \"You've got to be kidding!\" I groaned as I leaned over the receptacle. I did a double take. I was looking down at a staircase . \"It's just like Inspector Gadget !\" I muttered. My bird whistled the theme song to the show. I just rolled my eyes and wiggled down the narrow opening. It all seemed fine until I reached the bottom, where I had to kind of turn around and squish myself down to fit in the tight little compartment. The stairs led to a narrow little crawl space. Since I couldn't open my finger and turn it into a flashlight, I could only fumble blindly in the dark until I caught a glimpse of the mouse's brightly colored uniform pants. The mouse had stopped in the tunnel, refusing to budge for an entire minute. If he hadn't been wearing that outfit, I would have tried to steal back my wallet. \"What,\" I sighed in frustration. \"What now?\" \"Shhh,\" Sneezer said. \"This requires concentration. Crawl ahead at the wrong time, and you might end up on the same side, in a lady's restroom, or a manhole under that busy street. Maybe even inside a police station.\" So we waited. \"Now,\" Sneezer said, crawling quickly ahead. We popped out a blue newspaper dispensing machine in front of a hotel. I scrambled out onto its sidewalk, staring up at a fancy black awning and red carpet. A sign and the gold letters on the awning told me we'd arrived in the right place. Sneezer tugged my arm and tried to stop me, but I marched up the carpet, pausing in front of an elegantly dressed doorman. \"I'm looking for someone here,\" I said. \"Another noid. Her name's Jessica.\" \"Yes,\" the man sneered. \" I suppose you are. \" I groaned, attempting to step around him, but he just zipped back and forth like the Roadrunner, blocking my path. \"I'm sorry, sir,\" the man said. \"We have a dress code.\" I looked down at my outfit and sighed. \"Fine. Wait a minute.\" I stepped into a nearby alleyway, changed into my funeral clothes, and tried it again. The doorman, upon seeing my outfit, again said, \"I'm sorry, sir. We have a dress code. \" \"Does this... dress code have anything to do with me being a noid?\" The man just turned his nose up at me. \"If you must ask, you'll never know.\" I sighed, frowning at the mouse. \"It's not what you wear, it's who you know,\" he whispered, tugging my sleeve. I followed the mouse into the back alleyway, to a window beneath a fire escape. After stacking up a pile of boxes to get a good view, he wiped a spot on the window clean, and I could see a large carpeted ballroom with a big golden chandelier, and one of those `big band' groups like you see on I Love Lucy or Lawrence Welk , complete with decorated stage shields, neckties, and a tuba player. Presently the musicians played an instrumental version of Careless Whisper by George Michael. A classy crowd occupied the carpet. Wealthy people from Tintin comics, a few maybe from the Bruce Wayne segments of Batman , and a bunch of well dressed people from various Japanese cartoons and serious Sunday paper comics. Mary Worth, Brenda Starr, etcetera. I'm ashamed to say it, but I recognized a few faces from Beverly Hills Teens and Gem . I even saw the blue and red rabbits from Tiny Toons pretending to be `The Vanderbunnies.' As I squinted at the crowd of toons, trying to locate my human girlfriend, I suddenly noticed a dog in a trenchcoat and shark toothed bunny peering through the glass next to me. \"Mind if we look too?\" the dog said. \"Actually yes,\" I replied. \"Yes I do mind.\" Sneezer took a large silver cannon shaped device out of his backpack, blasting the dog with an energy beam. The dog exploded, presumably to later reappear in a spooky castle surrounded by ghosts. Sneezer did the same thing to the dog. We returned to our spying, watching Sailor Moon's Tuxedo Mask and a bunch of royal types from He-Man . And then I saw them . Jessica had her arms wrapped around a guy that looked like a kangaroo from one of those Tank Girl comics. Brown, long eared, kind of a homely dog-like face, but handsomely muscled and clad in a tuxedo. The stranger had an eyepatch, and his suit top's neckline plunged far enough to expose a large portion of his hairy chest. Jessica now wore a sparkling, shimmering translucent gown, a dress resembling the one the damsel wore on Dragon's Lair , through which I could clearly see the same lingerie piece she'd been wearing before we'd entered the cartoon realm. The two gazed into each other's eyes, smiling as they danced to the song. \"She's just having fun,\" I said. Sneezer shook his head. \"I think there's more to it than that.\" I stared in shock as the kangaroo's muzzle tenderly pressed against Jessica's lips, and she kissed back. \"Okay, so she's snogging a kangaroo,\" I said with a frown. The kangaroo's hand slid down around Jessica's hips, fingers curling around her buttocks, but she didn't seem to mind. She just kissed him a little more strongly. \"Well, shit,\" I muttered. Booga, or whoever he was, whispered something in her ear, causing her to giggle and nod. The two of them disappeared into the crowd, away from my line of sight. I would have killed for Skeletor's crystal ball. \"How'd you find out about this?\" I asked. Sneezer gave me an embarrassed grin. \"I was watching them while you were... enjoying Vanessa's company .\" He dug out a stack of photographs, the top one showing Jessica and her kangaroo date in the ice cream shop, holding hands as they gazed lovingly in each other's eyes. \"Why didn't you tell me about this?\" I said. \"Or show me this? They were like, what, behind me the whole time ?\" \"You were busy,\" he said. \"I didn't want to interrupt.\" He turned to the next photo, which was identical to the first, then the next, which didn't look any different than the first two. \"What?\" \"It's a flip book,\" he said, turning the photos in a rapid succession.[Chapter 14] [JESSICA] [0000] You're reading this journal thanks to a little ingenuity with a sewing machine. I am currently wearing, to the best of my knowledge, the only piece of lingerie ever to feature a pocket. I mean, it's counterintuitive, right? I left this phone on the charger all night. It's a lucky thing, too. My find is too important to leave undocumented. Ordinarily, I document my findings in notebooks or sketchbooks, but since I left all that stuff in the room , this will have to do. I don't trust cartoon notebooks. If you see any errors, it's probably because I'm using StenoSnap to translate shorthand into legible text. It's time consuming enough just trying to type with these teeny little buttons. My only regret about this expedition is the lack of a reliable camera. My good camera, unfortunately, was locked in the hotel suite, and we couldn't get back in. Two weeks ago, I was in bed masturbating, and the old phone slid off the covers, dropping into a bucket of paint thinner. Of course it was toast. I still had the warranty, so I took it in the store, and they got me the refurbished one I'm using now. It's an okay phone, but the camera is flaky. Sometimes I have to pull the battery out to make it work, and then it will only save every other picture. Sometimes I'll have a photo saved when I go to bed, only to find it gone when I wake up, so yeah, not the greatest tool for a serious researcher. In retrospect, there's a lot of tools that I should have brought with me, but I didn't expect to be sneezed through a wall immediately after attempting sexual intercourse. If only I had checked the phone a week earlier. If only the funeral had been held later... But what can you do? Encounter Record 0.1.1: Drew Deebes As stated previously in Sketchbook Entry 311.14.5, the Deebes funeral was inherently suspicious, therefore meriting investigation. The use of Holli's dress did prove beneficial to ongoing research, for, although unsuccessful in attracting paranormal entities with the outfit, I did successfully catch the eye of the artist's son. I did the research: Totally single . He's not bad looking, either. Not muscular, not a Chippendale's dancer, but I can tell he does go to the gym occasionally. Plus he's a Deebes . How could I not get close to him? Even if he doesn't help me find the Cool World or the spike, or connect me with cartoon realities, I have a chance of marrying into the family fortune...or at least gather enough material to write a bestselling biographical piece. 0.1.2. The reports are correct about him working in a tax office. The man has no imagination. He didn't believe anything about cartoon realities until I showed him the item in Sketchbook 200.3.1 (cartoon shoe), and I'm not sure even that totally convinced him. We had a nice chat at Starbucks, and after a long showing various evidences to him, I wore him down enough to agree to come with me to the Union Plaza. I've been saving up for awhile. I already told you about my troubles exploring the hotel in 110.13.20 and 141.20.5, hence why I haven't made any further expeditions up until this point. That's two years of waiting. So, yeah, I've been saving, and a lucky thing too, because a top floor suite is incredibly expensive. My objectives: A. Find more evidence of cartoon realities, and B. sleep with Drew. Not necessarily in that order. Initial visit to suite disappointingly mundane. Opted for Objective B, using lingerie item in Sketchbook 90.111.12 to direct his energies to the proper activity . This is when Drew spotted previously undocumented specimen, Living Entity 08: `Sneezer', apparently a Warner Brothers Tiny Toons property. The aloof creature did not show until we made attempts to proceed with coitus, during which it sneezed very violently, violating the laws of physics by sending us both through a wall. I forgot all about sex the moment we entered the room. I felt like Indiana Jones discovering King Tut's tomb. Strange and mystical glyphs covered every wall, coming to life the moment I touched them. (Note to self: Must include descriptions and sketches of glyphs when I get home!) No time to be ultra specific, but I do need to jot down a few observations about the glyphs: Item 1: The room's occupant, presumably a man named Heinreich Baubels, was experimenting with the force of animation. His image of the French clown appears to be his first successful test. Note: It appears as if wearing Holli's clothing while touching these glyphs causes each one to come alive. It also seems to have a stabilizing effect on the outfit, making the fabric maintain an animated appearance rather than randomly flickering real. I have described the fluctuating texture, in great detail, in other notebooks. Also, Drew is as good as mine. I wasn't so sure in the suite, he sort of hesitated, but he, um, took some initiative while I was distracted with the glyph. I think it's safe to say that the rumors are incorrect, he actually likes women . And, more importantly, he likes me . That being said, I didn't particularly care for his timing. Moving on. Item 2: A test of creating impossible three dimensional objects. What I pulled from the wall was the Pythagorean ideal, a purely mathematical construct made physical. The Pythagoreans considered something of that order, if found in nature, to be absolute proof of divinity. Have I found that proof? Unclear to say. I think I may have watched the movie Pi too many times. Note: The cube became paper in Drew's hands, supporting my theory that the outfit itself caused the drawings to become... actual . The Union Plaza must have something to do with it. Similar experiments at home have failed to create such astonishing results. Item 3: A cat eating a mouse sandwich, apparently some grisly political statement. Judging by the (I assume) renter of this room, perhaps it speaks about the late 1930's Germany and its relationship to the rest of the world. Item 4 was a cat . A real life cat. It seems Baubel had been experimenting with putting things in the wall in addition to bringing them out. The feline was terrified. Poor cat. The scary thing is, he could have just as easily put a person in there, essentially burying them alive. I don't know how he accomplished this at all, but I believe it had something to do with the spike, which I will elaborate upon later. Item 5 should probably be lumped together with Item 4, being that it is another experiment with putting real objects inside a flat two dimensional plane. This time he used a bowl of wax fruit. He may have done this before the cat. Item 6: It seems Baubel had been successful in opening portals to cartoon realities, although what we found was an apparent anachronism. I literally saw the Smurf village, specifically a window overlooking Cookie's house . You know, the guy with the chefs hat. This panoramic vista shouldn't have existed prior to the 1980's, in any reality, but who knows, the view may have looked different in the past. Item 7, arguably the most mundane, is by far the most fascinating of all the items, for it gives the history of the spikes. Yes, that's spikes , as in plural . Five of them! Just think about how this will expand my research! The documents say he was a scientist during the Second World war, and his weapon project had unforeseen side effects. I'll write more about this when I get back, as all the information is already in a convenient file folder on the hotel bed, ready to be scanned and posted online. Item 8: Our scientist was a busy guy. He actually created a doorway to an animated world. It was a very smug, sexist sort of door, and it was locked. Drew suggested I use my feminine charms to get it open, as it was animated, but (ahem), I have to draw the line somewhere (no pun intended). This leads us to...Item 9: Plunger Gun. In my search for a key, I found a strange looking sketch of a handgun, amusingly hidden beneath a bible, like people would do for a three dimensional gun. The ammunition appears to be sort of a toilet plunger grappling hook in the style of the Genesis video game entitled Quackshot . Experimentation led me to discovery of Living Entities 10-13, \"Birdies,\" by far the most incredible find so far. Ordinarily, when injured in the head, I merely experience pain and sparkly things swimming through my vision. I do not see cartoon birds. And these are so cute! My birdies proved to be of tremendous value when we uncovered Item 14: The wall safe. Hidden behind a nightstand, safe became three dimensional upon contact, but when I attempted a combination, it reverted to its two dimensional state, indicating significantly less proximity to the spike. Thanks to the birds' helpful tweeting, my helpful and somewhat handsome assistant cracked the safe combination, uncovering more of the professor's secret files, a pile of... play money , a real handgun, and a wallet. No key, of course, but I found Item 15 easily enough behind a dresser. The talking door ate our only key, but I figured once I stepped through that threshold, I wouldn't want to come back for a long time. Well, not until I gathered as much research as possible about the place. I figured I could find other exits and entrances somehow. If you've read all my journals and sketchbooks up to this point, you already know what an opportunity this was for me, and how important the research would be, so the moment that door unlocked and opened, I didn't hesitate for a second. I jumped through. If I ended up being trapped inside a drawing forever, so be it. Briefly, I considered going back and getting the manager to unlock my suite so I could get my stuff ( and get dressed! ), but they'd probably just rope the place off and keep me from going back in. Plus, well, the lingerie was definitely critical to the operation. The way I figured, this was my one and only chance to get into Cool World, so, boom, I took it. 0.1.3. I stepped into an alleyway, watching Furball from Tiny Toons digging around in the trash cans for something. Knowing his history, I briefly considered adopting him or putting him in an animal shelter, but decided I could do that later, once I studied the place more and understood my impact on its environment. The scenery at the corner reminded me of several Warner Brothers cartoons. Bright, really simple looking structures, no sign of weathering, fading, or detail for that matter, except around the facades where you could see a business in operation. I had a lot of places to see, and potentially shop at. I had only stuffed a single wad of cartoon bills into my outfit, so I decided to hold onto it, make it count. I did stop in the flower shop for a moment, but only to visit Dot from Animaniacs . I said \"Polka Dot.\" I couldn't resist. After dancing to her music, I bought a little lotus flower to put in my hair, mostly to show appreciation for the song. As I wandered up the street, past the Sam and Max Detective Agency, I got many stares. I'm not sure if it were because I was human, or semi-naked, but I did get a lot of whistles and cat-calls. The canine characters got especially loud about it, but I got it from birds and rabbits, and other things too. Hearing noises, and feeling vibrations running down my body, I looked down at my outfit and noticed all my patches coming to life, their eyes bright and colorful as they stared at their surroundings, or, rather, ogling them , since I was technically part of the scenery. Daisy Duck didn't like what she saw, jumping out of my outfit and running down an alleyway. Betty Boop also vacated her place, running down the street. My cartoon wolf got too unruly, so I threw him into a flower box. I poked Roger Rabbit in the eyes, and he fell backwards into the patch, making all kinds of noises, like he'd fallen down a staircase into an orchestra pit. I dispatched the others similarly. The moment I had a patch clear, the vacant circle of color would flash and sparkle, turning into a simple star, or a horseshoe, or some other Lucky Charms/poker/slot machine symbol. The females didn't want to stick around (except Tiny Toons' Fifi. Maybe she likes women?), so it was mostly the males I had to send packing. Well, every male except the beaver. Any time I tried to...do anything with him, he made me feel funny between my legs. I mean, really uncomfortable... Or maybe too comfortable ...if you know what I mean. To the point where I could barely walk. I eventually just told him to behave, promising to let it do whatever it wants with me later tonight. I noticed I had a soundtrack, one of those low key jazzy 1970's instrumentals with a grindy thing. When the music abruptly changed, I stopped in my tracks, not believing what I was hearing. Someone was playing Changes by Yes. The place was called The Cat Flap, one of those quaint little clubs where you go down a fenced in staircase on the side of the other business to enter, in this instance, a book and antique store. Of course I had to check it out. It had been forever since I've heard that song, and I wanted to hear more. 0.1.4. Beneath the stone and concrete building, I discovered what I can only describe as a...a speakeasy , if that's even the right word. A brick nightclub type situation, but more classy, the walls new looking and partially obscured with curtains, sculptures, framed pictures of musicians (both real and animated) and a collection of African masks and other interesting artifacts. Cartoon males and females sat with their dates at little tables, most recognizably Archie and Betty, both dressed in somewhat Bohemian fashion. The place had interesting clientele. Although mostly animals and strange looking Anime characters (I think I spotted the Robotech guy and his girlfriend), everyone had clothes on. I know that sounds weird, but there's a lot of naked cartoon characters...out there, and they weren't so much at the club. Beatnik types, cats with goatees and little hats, sat on stools or at the tables, drinking...lattes or beer, or something else. Oh, and I spotted that fat guy from Voltron there. Of course, I really came for the band. As they shifted from Yes to a performance of One Thing Leads to Another, I couldn't help dancing a little and snapping my fingers as I wandered around. Despite the largeness of the crowd, I couldn't quite fit in. I kept getting stares and rude comments. Archie stared so much that Betty slapped him. I got so incredibly self conscious that I resolved to stop by a dress shop upon leaving the establishment. I stopped at the bar, ordering hard lemonade, but it was obscene, so I sent it back, requesting a Dirty Shirley, which turned out to be a big grumpy mud caked woman who cussed at me until I sent that one back as well. I hesitated before ordering again. I had no desire to meet Samuel Adams or a logger at the moment, and boiler makers were sure to give me leprosy. Note to self: Use care when ordering toon drinks! I thought Peach Schnapps would be safe, but it bit my tongue when I tried to drink it, so I just ordered a beer, creeping into a corner table. The band itself was... fascinating . If you've ever watched cartoons in the 1980's, you may have seen a clip or two of Kidd Video. Basic premise: Real rock band gets sucked through a mirror and transformed into cartoons by an evil mastermind who wanted them as his musical slaves. They escape, of course, but the show got canceled before they could get back home. And now here they all were, playing The Fixx. You can probably understand why I never took my eyes off the stage. The group had reorganized somewhat since I'd last seen them on TV. For one thing, they changed their name . They were now The Spark . Not a great rock band name, but a terrific boy band name, I think. They had also changed outfits, a rarity for cartoons, taking on sort of a boy band look, you know, dressed like groomsmen relaxing after the Big Day, which, honestly, is cute. The narrow bodied, curly haired Ash, tickled the keys of one of those over the shoulder keyboards popular during the eighties. He had on a suit coat, a white shirt, and an American flag tie dangling loose around his neck. I think he looked more attractive than he used to, but with that broccoli shaped hair and big schnoz, he still looked too much like Jon Arbuckle or maybe Animated Howie Mandel to be appealing to me. They had Wiz Kid on drums. Blonde hair, glasses, shirt hanging open as he pounded away. He kind of looked like Cousin Oscar on the Brady Bunch. Adorable. You're going to laugh, but I actually did have a crush on him as a child. I know he's fat, and it seems a little weird, but he's cute, and arguably the most interesting character in the band. On backup guitar, I saw Carla, the Latino chick. Today she was dressed like a hooker. Not my type. Interestingly enough, Kidd Vid was no longer the lead singer. They had him doing guitar. He was good looking in a Bruce Springsteen sort of way. Spiky hair, leather pants, white shirt only buttoned halfway, sleeves rolled up, biker gloves...I still liked Wiz Kid better. ...That was, until I saw the new lead singer . 0.1.5. Arguably the most handsome cartoon character I've ever seen. Two words: Well drawn. He was a man, he was a kangaroo, and he was gorgeous. Brown, built like Spider-Man (Not hugely muscled, but well shaped), square jaws, and... those ears . I just wanted to gnaw on them. He had a sort of mane bursting out of that unbuttoned shirt, and those stretch leather pants ...let's just say I liked what I saw. The (man?) the guy only had one eye, but when our gaze met, it was magic . And then a strange thought occurred to me: I'd seen him before. In a random sketch I made at the Union Plaza. Even as an image on paper, he did kinda turn me on. And now he was real. Immediately, I felt a funny vibration between my legs. \"Later!\" I scolded my beaver. My panties obeyed, but my legs still trembled as I watched the kangaroo perform. He grabbed the microphone in a way suggestive of holding me, singing The One I Love by REM, his good eye never leaving mine. I just know I was sitting in a back corner booth when he started, but somehow I floated closer when our eyes met. It was the teddy. I'm sure of it. At the end of the song, I found myself seated in the front row. Not like I minded, or anything. When the song ended, and they started in on a cover of Westlife's More Than Words , I found myself drifting up onto the stage. I didn't even care I was being stared at. Take me, I thought. I'm yours! In the middle of an instrumental section in the song, the singer marched up to me, grabbing my hand ever so tenderly as he spoke to me in low husky tones. \"Meet me backstage when the show's over.\" Little hearts kept fluttering out of my outfit. I could have died. In fact, a faint came over me so suddenly that I thought I had.[Chapter 15] DREW \"Lovely,\" I muttered as I stared through the window of the Savoy. I frowned at my rodent companion. \"You know, you could have just told me she was cheating on me, and I would have believed it .\" Sneezer just shook his head. \"Like I said, that wouldn't be dramatic. It wouldn't make a very good flashback. \" \"I don't want a flashback of this!\" I barked. \"This only depresses me!\" The mouse offered me my wallet. \"I'm sorry.\" I don't really know why, but I held up a hand to stop him. Maybe I thought I still had a chance. Or maybe I thought, `Two can play that game.' \"Hold onto it,\" I said. \"I'm not finished yet.\" The mouse's eyes widened in shock. \"You mean...?\" \"Uh-huh,\" I said. Sneezer looked confused. \"But how will you even get Smurfette's legs that far apart?\" I smacked my face. \"Never mind.\" \"I suppose... if there's a will, there's a way ...\" \"I'm not going to do Smurfette. That's disgusting.\" \"So you're going to win Jessica back?\" Sneezer asked. \"If you are, I have some ideas...\" I was not impressed. \"What, like a serenade? Or standing below her window and calling `Hark, what light through yonder window breaks?' Is that what you had in mind?\" The mouse turned red. \"Maybe?\" \"That stuff only works in cartoons ,\" I said. \"Don't get me wrong, corny romantic overtures might work in some situations, but they generally don't work on women who are satisfied with the man they've got.\" As an afterthought, I added, \"Or cartoon.\" Sneezer looked puzzled. \"But you said you weren't finished yet! Surely...\" I just wiggled my eyebrows. \"But she's a doodle, and you're a noid! That's-\" \"I know,\" I said. The mouse's jaw dropped open. \"Ohhh...\" I sat down on a crate, feeling as if divulging that information drained something out of me. Maybe I was tired. I had certainly gotten a workout the moment I stepped through `the looking glass', and the realization that my metaphorical (and physically attractive) `rabbit' was taken by a kangaroo probably was a lot of stress. Plus I was kinda ashamed. Giving up on humans to screw a cartoon? Had I really sunk that low? \"But Vanessa left you!\" Sneezer said. \"Maybe, maybe not. Maybe she just...had to turn into a superhero or something. I think she deserves a second chance. All we have to do is find her.\" \"Okay...\" Sneezer stammered, looking nervous. \"So when do you think you'll do it ?\" \"I...don't know.\" I swallowed. \"We'll, uh, do it whenever she says we'll do it. You have to work up to these things .\" That's when I remembered that I had a pair of birds roosting on my shoulder. Looking at them, I said, \"Don't tell anyone, please.\" The two sang a line from Skynard's Don't Ask Me Questions . Sneezer paused and thought a moment. \"What you said about doing it...that explains a lot.\" I frowned. \"How so?\" The mouse reddened. \"I meant, it explains a lot about why I'm not getting any. \" I rubbed my face, feeling rather disgusted. \" Great . I'm glad I could... educate you .\" I glanced at my Back to the Future watch. The digital readout was saying five thirty, but it felt much earlier than that. I supposed that even Marty McFly underwent some time compression in order to fit in his Saturday morning time slot. \"Tell me, Sneezer. How do we get to the Halftone Club?\" The mouse pushed back a dumpster, opening a sewer manhole. We climbed down inside it, crawling through a narrow tunnel, which in turn led to a cramped staircase with a panel along one wall. The panel featured six switches, which Sneezer flipped in a seemingly random pattern, clicking buttons next to each one. \"What's that?\" I asked. \"You'll see. Just remember the order of these numbers. It's important: Four, three, one, five, three, two, one, five, six.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Whatever.\" We climbed another flight, stepped through a door, and we were in a carpeted hallway lined with five identical looking hotel doors, six counting ours, each labeled by a number. There was actually seven in total, but the last door was on the south wall, by itself, and it had no number above it. I stared at the crazily patterned wallpaper, the antique looking wall sconces. The north wall held a framed picture of...some guy in a mustache. All of a sudden, the south door burst open. \"Deebes! Hold it right there!\" I turned just in time to see Officer Harris running up the carpet, accompanied by his bow tied spider pal, and a cyborg cowboy from Galaxy Rangers . Sneezer hissed the sequence of door numbers again, rushing through door number four. Not wanting to go to prison again, I raced after him...and found myself in a Scooby Doo style chase sequence, complete with corny music, Top of the World by the Carpenters. Not as amusing when you're actually doing it. I won't bore you with all the details, but I will give you the highlights of the whole series of shenanigans: Scooby Doo doors contain a wide variety of worlds for you to run through in order to reach the next door. There was a spaceship corridor, where we bowled over Bucky O' Hare, a desert with a mirage and a genie, an old spooky mansion, an old western saloon (I knocked over Harris by swinging on a chandelier and hitting him with a beer bottle), and a jungle. One door even took me out the mouth of Snoopy's doghouse and through the front door of Charlie Brown's house. The doors also contained stairs leading to... the same hotel hallway. A lot of times it was just a pitch black room, explaining , or at least hiding the reasons why such bizarre things happened on the other side. Like why I suddenly found myself cradled in Harris's arms like some distressed maiden, or why the butler from Miss Terious's house was standing in the doorway dressed like a stripper cowboy and saying \"Mmyes.\" Thinking I could skip this whole ridiculous performance by using the south door, I opened it, but it only revealed a giant eye. I slammed it shut again. Also, the windows didn't open. Like any good Scooby Doo chase, I and Harris kept running into each other. I and Harris weren't complete idiots, but the room kept tripping us up. Harris, probably used to such things due to living there so long, managed to handcuff me several times, but the results were hit or miss. Once, he dragged me through a door and found himself handcuffed to Sneezer...or the Galaxy Ranger. When he tried it again, I came out on the other side wearing cuffs, with no officer in sight. I opened a door, discovered a roaring abominable snowman, slammed it shut again. Harris pulled me through door number six, a big darkened room, and guess what? When I stepped out into the hallway again, I was handcuffed to a roaring snow beast. Good times. When not handcuffed, I found myself avoiding Harris as he ran toward me, or past me. Don't ask me how I got the cuffs off, or sometimes ended up wearing women's clothing. It didn't make any logical sense. One time, I opened a door and found Harris hollering at me. I responded by punching him in the face and running past. Somehow the alligator from the sewer made an appearance, trying to French me again, but I shoved her off me, running away. During one encounter with the yeti, I punched it in the face. Then, after knocking it to the floor with a football charge, I stepped through another doorway and found myself being floored by a large hairy fist. Somehow, I remembered the sequence of numbers, running through the correct sequence of doors, for, after going through all these mildly amusing antics, to the tune of the Carpenters and Rolling Down the River , all the numbered doors in the room banged open on their own accord, slammed shut, and the door Harris had originally entered through swung open, revealing a street corner. I'm not sure why Harris occasionally dragging us through the doors out of sequence didn't matter, but I certainly wasn't the one to complain! You can probably guess I'd rather have my eyes gouged out than stay there another minute. Out I went. When Sneezer slammed the door shut behind us, the door vanished, taking Officer Harris with it. With my feet both planted firmly on the pavement, I checked the watch and saw that only a couple minutes had passed. In fact, the exact amount of time it took for the two songs to play to their completion. Still, the skies had turned a dusty color, and it felt like an eternity. It looked like dusk now. We stood along a side street in a different side of town, the buildings looking considerably more... urban . To the right of me, I saw the back end of a large carpet store, and a dilapidated old gym, probably home to a bunch of boxing cartoons. To my left, I could see the loading docks of a massive factory that said Acme on the garage doors. Across the street was the club . The place was apparently a strip joint, judging by the neon sign that said `Live girls' and the seductively dancing neon cowgirl on the side of the building. I estimated that you would have needed at least a hundred sets of glass tubes to replicate that quality of animation in real life. As far as those types of establishments go, it seemed to have a bit more class than the ones I've driven past in Nevada. The front entrance had an Arabian style arch, and pictures of `performers' were displayed tastefully in movie theater marquee boxes. The `halftone' name referenced those dots commonly used in the printing of comic strips. These dots, blown up to the size of golf balls, stretched down on either side of the entrance in wide swaths like banners. The rest of the front was concrete, but it had a sort of arabesque trim to it, making it a little less like the scummy bowling alley it could have been. That, and the red awning helped. I was about to check out the place, but Sneezer stopped me, looking at my watch. \"We've still got some time,\" he said, tugging my arm. \"You have to dress up to go in there.\" \"Does it really matter what we wear? Or is it like the Savoy...?\" Sneezer shook his head. \" It's different. C'mon. I know just the place. It's right around the corner.\" He led me to a dingy looking thrift store across the street from the gym. The official name: Musical Montage Thrift. \"How long will this take?\" I groaned. Sneezer checked my watch again. \"One minute, thirty seconds.\" I laughed. \"Okay?\" I heard music start up the moment we stepped through the door. I'm Gonna Pop Some Tags by Macklemore. It felt like I shopped for an hour, but I was outside when the song ended, dressed in a cartoon tuxedo. It seemed the street we walked along now was not a major thoroughfare, for although I sucked in my breath when Sneezer stepped off the curb, I saw no cars approaching in any direction. After nervously testing the blacktop with my foot, and not seeing any semis, I followed him. The club's archway led to a bright movie theater-like hallway, then to an imposing looking set of metal doors with a peeping slot near the top. Feeling a bit jaunty at the moment, I gave the door the shave and a haircut knock. A plate behind the slot moved sideways, and I was looking at a pair of gorilla eyes. \"What's the password,\" a voice growled. \"Walt sent me,\" I said with a grin. Sneezer gawked at me like I were a mind reader or something. The ape paused for a minute, then muttered, \"Damn, we need to come up with a new password.\" The door swung open, and I froze in one spot, taking in my surroundings. It was a big wide room, its walls decorated with halftone dots of various colors and sizes, Chinese dragons and ceiling to floor mirrors. Evil looking creatures occupied raised booths with white leather seats, sat around tables, smoking and drinking. Among the weirdos, I saw black riders from the Lord of the Rings cartoon, Popeye's Bluto, and Bruh Rabbit from Street Fight. At one table sat King Koopa, flanked by two turtles. I didn't see Mario, probably because he had his choice of princesses. For cage dancers, we had a Sailor showing a little too much `Moon', Riffraff's girlfriend Cleo, and some Anime catgirl. I was fortunate to come in at the end of Justin Timberlake's I Got My Sexy Back, because that song annoyed me. The room darkened, stage lights came on, and techno dance music started up. I noticed that Beavis and Butthead were in the audience, but they made too much noise, so the gorilla dragged them out. Hearing someone shouting about an entry fee, I turned and saw Sneezer passing Morgana from Darkwing Duck a handful of bills . A second later, the lady from the Dino Crisis video game muttered something to the duck, and she handed the money back. \"They said it's covered,\" Sneezer whispered to me with a shrug. \"I wonder who's paying?\" For awhile, I just stood where I was, watching scantily clad cartoon characters walking around, serving drinks, or swinging on poles near the staircases. But then I felt Sneezer tugging me onward, to an empty booth near a stage at the end of the room. I gawked at the faces I saw at the surrounding tables. Skeletor, Merman, slavemasters and Orcs from Dungeons and Dragons , Moblins from the Legend of Zelda , Planet of the Apes gorillas, and dozens of ducks, Ewoks, wolves and cats. Slimer from the Real Ghostbusters snatched drinks off people's tables, pouring liquids down his throat. My booth was situated between Count Chocula and Fritz the Cat. Directly ahead of me, on a stage surrounded by mirrors, a pair of Persian cats with shapely female figures danced on either side of a pantless female skunk with glasses and a blue shirt, who busily rode a pole on the center runway. Sabrina Skunk. From an internet comic. I felt embarrassed to even recognize her...she and her stripey tiger companion serving drinks. Okay, so maybe I did occasionally view cartoons after age twelve. One of the Persians sidled off into the crowd, and the indecently attired chick from Ghost in the Shell took center stage. I watched her dance, hypnotized by the movements of her naked legs and strangely uniformed upper torso, all the while wondering if piloting a robot really requires you to not wear pants. A purple skunk blocked my view of the stage. Fifi Le Pew. Strip club drink server. \"A drink for you, monsieur?\" I frowned at her in annoyance, not only of obstructing my view, but also in recognition of the fickle nature of cartoon drinks. If I asked for anything with a funny name, I would probably regret it. Bloody Mary, for example. \"Pina colada,\" I said. Try to make fun of that one! I thought. \"A what?\" she said, looking baffled. Dirty Shirley. Out. Mudslide. Out. Boiler Maker. Definitely out. Giving up, I said, \"I'll have a beer.\" As she wrote the order down, I quickly blurted, \"And a hat suspended in purple liquid.\" She gave me a dirty look, but scribbled the order down. Fifi's not getting a tip , I thought. I reconsidered when she came back a couple seconds later with the beer...and the hat suspended in purple liquid. When she left the table, I dumped the liquid out, because I didn't know what it was. The beer tasted like tea. I wasn't sure if it really was tea in a beer bottle or if Cool World didn't actually have beer. The music changed to Brown Sugar by the Rolling Stones as the curtain came down. All the dancers left the stage. When the curtain came back up, I saw a cluster of tombstones and cardboard mausoleums on the stage, from behind which a young woman in a half skull mask danced out, to the tune of Jim Towel's I've Been Hoodooed . She was the most gorgeous woman I'd ever laid eyes upon. Noid. A non animated human woman, clad in an appropriately Voodoo-esque black robe patterned with skulls, bones, snakes and arcane symbols. The mask concealed part of her face, but the exposed part looked nice. She danced rhythmically along the runway, accompanied by dancing skeletons from some old Terry Toon program or another. She spun around, and as she did so, I momentarily caught a flicker out of the corner of my eye. The flicker came from the mirrors. When I glanced that way, I saw a cartoon female same general body shape as the dancer, clad in the same robe, which she slowly unbuttoned and discarded to the rhythm. I looked away from the mirrors and saw that the real woman had done the same, and now danced among the tombstones in a tight pink blouse and black leather miniskirt. She spun around a pole in a sexually suggestive way, then threw her blouse to a drooling wolf. In her form fitting leather bra, she straddled a pole, slid to the stage floor, then disappeared behind a cardboard mausoleum. A pair of dainty cartoon hands held up an ink and paint miniskirt, and the doodle from the mirror stepped out on the stage, prancing up the runway in a thong. And then she was on one of the tables, crouching on all fours. A cartoon Baron Sembedi, Morticia, and Dracula from, I believe, Goolies Get Together, pulled up the table cloth around her, and when it came down, she was gone. Before I could adequately prepare myself, I see the flesh and blood woman climbing out from beneath the table cloth in front of me, right between my legs. She pressed me flat against the seat, straddling my lap as she unbuttoned my shirt to the music. I stared uncomfortably at her heaving breasts as she simulated intercourse upon my pants, her leather thong creaking as it rubbed back and forth on clothing which, incidentally, felt like I was wearing nothing at all anyway. Her lips came close to my face, almost touching mine. And then she blew me a kiss. It was weird. Her lipstick popped off, flapped through the air between our mouths, and smacked mine. The song ended, and she disappeared beneath the tablecloth again. The cartoon woman popped out on the opposite side of the table, giving me a mischievous wink.[Chapter 16] JESSICA Encounter Record [0-1-5-1]: Kidd Video. When I awoke from my faint, I was backstage . Actually, my crotch woke up before the rest of me, because, you know, the patch . After slapping my beaver a few times, it at last behaved, and I became totally embarrassed, because people were watching. I lay on a chaise lounge in a dressing room, the type they show in cartoons about movie stars, you know, makeup table with the lighted mirrors, the dressing screens, and racks full of costumes. Of course, I spotted a bunch of musical instruments as well. There I was, being gawked at by the entire cast of Kidd Video . Even Carla, in the middle of a makeup job, cast me a few glances...I wanted to faint again. Their little pixie friend was apparently still part of the band. The sprite, clad in a bikini, headband and leggings, brought me a fizzy drink, I guess to revive me from my fainting spells. I still think the girl looks like Tinkerbell's personal trainer. I drank the stuff, which pretty much tasted like Alka Seltzer, staring up at the faces I grew up with. \"You're Kidd Video! You're really real!\" \"Why wouldn't we be?\" Kidd Video asked. \"I don't know. Is it true that you used to be real human beings, before Master Blaster captured you?\" The band members glanced at each other in worriment, then nodded. \"We crossed over in the eighties,\" Wiz said. \"It was just as well since I was still being typecast for The Brady Bunch .\" \"How did he do it? I mean, Master Blaster.\" Ash raised his hands defensively. \"Whoa. Once you go down that path, there's no coming back.\" \"It's not all it's cracked up to be,\" said Wiz. \"There's a tremendous loss of sensation. It's not nearly as wonderful as you think.\" \"All right,\" I giggled. \"But I just want to say that you're wonderful.\" Then, not wanting to offend, I added, \" You're all wonderful. I always loved your show.\" Wiz smiled and rubbed his head. \"Wish I had, I mean, we had more fans like you back in the day .\" \"Is she awake?\" came a voice from the door. When I noticed who was stepping in, I blushed hotly, reaching into the rack for something, anything decent, to wear. I found a gorilla suit, then a bulky astronaut's environment suit. Though decent, none of them seemed appropriate enough... for him . My third hasty pick was a Vampirella style cape, with a high Dracula collar and a skull shaped brooch that you pinned around the neck. It would have to do. Feeling extremely self conscious, I wrapped this cloak around myself, trying to ignore the Valentine hearts bubbling out as he approached me. Seeing me holding the cape closed with my hands, he brushed them aside. \"It's perfect,\" he breathed as he watched the cape fall around my shoulders. The hearts exploded from the cape's interior like a cloud of butterflies. I was beyond ashamed. \"I'm practically naked,\" I said in barely a whisper. In more ways than one, I thought. \"It's okay,\" he said. \"This isn't the noid world. This is Cool World.\" I swallowed hard. He was right. He was so right. Comic book characters always run around in their underwear and nobody ever thinks twice about it, or even mentions it. Still, I only gave him the slightest of nods. I parted my lips, to whimper out a weak protest, but he pressed them together with a finger. \"Shhh. Just relax, and be who you want to be.\" Who I want to be? I could be Holli Would, I thought. Do I dare? I trembled as he ran his fingers through my hair. He took my hand, caressed the back part, massaged my wrist. I trembled as I imagined him massaging other things this way, but I forced a placid smile. \"Just remember where you are...\" he said, curling my hand around, bringing it up to his muzzle. \"And who you are...and be yourself .\" I felt ready to faint again, and that little heart factory kept pumping out Valentines. I forgot all about Drew. I swear I heard Enjoy the Silence by Depeche Mode playing in the background, perfectly on cue, like I were in a romance movie, and we'd just arrived at the mushy part. \"I must be so transparent,\" I said in a small voice I doubted he would hear. He put an arm around my shoulders, speaking in that sexy voice. \"If you are transparent, it is because you are a beautiful prism , through which plain ordinary light can emerge in a million dazzling colors.\" I could feel the staring eyes of the other band members. Be myself, I thought. I scowled at my onlookers, responding with an indignant \"What.\" There, I thought. That's exactly how Holli would react. Well, not exactly. But it's a start. I want to be like Holli! Oh, but I didn't want to offend them! They were my favorite cartoon characters! \"You can ignore them,\" he whispered. \"It's okay.\" I nodded, slowly gaining confidence. With myself. With my body. With him . Okay, maybe not with him . Not yet , at least. \"My name is Chad Buckthorn.\" He kissed my hand. \"And what shall I call you, mysterious flower from another world?\" I told him my name. \"Ah yes.\" He kissed a higher spot on my hand. \"It is poetry in my mouth, and soothing to my fiery tongue.\" He kissed my wrist, and for a moment I wondered if he intended to do that gag they always did on The Addams Family . I reflected that I wouldn't mind him kissing me all the way up my arm, and elsewhere , but I couldn't bring myself to say it. \"Where are my manners?\" he said, again capturing me with that single brown eye that sparkled like a jewel. \"We are far too close together without preamble. Let us go out together, so we can be... properly introduced .\" \"A date?\" I stammered nervously. He nodded. \"Do you like ice cream?\" \"Do I ever!\" I cried, but then felt really embarrassed at how loudly I said it. \"It's a date, then. And shall we go somewhere beforehand? Say, possibly the museum? \" Trembling with nervous anticipation, my voice came out in a shrew-like squeal. \"That sounds great.\" Stupid corn dog. Okay, so I'm not Holli Would. Not yet, at least.[Chapter 17] DREW When the cartoon stripper winked at me, she gave me a look that seemed to imply that maybe she were the same person as the human. I dismissed it as stage trickery, and cartoon stage trickery at that. My mouth hung open as I watched the black haired beauty climb back up on stage. My heart beat out of my chest-literally. A Valentine heart, just like The Mask . I guess it was a feature of the tux. When my heart hit them, the Car-X birds, who had been hiding in my breast pocket, burst out in a frantic cloud of feathers, similar to what they do in commercials. The deejay had been playing techno music while the girl sidled off to dance on one of the poles, but that soundtrack changed to Solsbury Hill by Peter Gabriel as I watched her. Another feature of the suit, I guessed. Everyone stared at me in annoyance. The dancer froze, then giggled at me. Embarrassed, I covered my heart, pressing it back down. The deejay booth was manned by Elmer Fudd dressed as Cupid. A black cat popped up behind him, knocked him sideways with a mallet, then switched the record on the turntable with techno music. When my heart threatened to burst out again, but I held it in. Easy enough matter for me, since I always keep my feelings bottled up anyway. The girl slipped behind a mausoleum, and the curtains fell. When they came back up, I saw pagodas on stage, and a pair of Anime girls in kimonos with braided hair dancing to Kyoto music, that changed to something electronic with a beat when they stripped to schoolgirl outfits, then less . I watched for a few minutes, but couldn't sustain an interest. Not after that lap dance. Now I only wanted her . \"You gonna do the Voodoo girl?\" Sneezer whispered to me. \"The idea has crossed my mind,\" I muttered back. He handed me a plastic badge on a lanyard that said `Backstage Pass.' \"I found it inside a napkin.\" I slung the badge around my neck and stood up. \"Now we just need to find the back stage.\" \"We haven't paid for our drinks yet,\" Sneezer said. I shrugged. \"Okay. Then take care of it. You got the cash...\" Sneezer whistled, and Fifi appeared at our table in a second. \"Monsieur?\" \"How much for the drinks?\" I asked. \"Monsieur's money is not required. Monsieur can thank the gentleman at the next table.\" A mustached cat in pinstripes sat between a weasel and a Claw henchman there. She pointed to the feline. When I made eye contact with the cat, he gave me the sort of look The Godfather gives when someone makes really good business for the mob. Kind of a condescending, wary smirk that seemed to say, `You are a very good tool.' I smiled with unease. Whatever I had helped him with, whatever I had done to earn his favor, I didn't want to know. \"Hey! Down in front!\" A buzzard yelled at me. His companion, Leisure Suit Larry, didn't seem too thrilled, either. I raised my hands defensively. \"Sorry. This is me going, all right?\" I tapped Sneezer on the shoulder. \"Leave a tip.\" \"I don't have a pencil,\" he said. \"Why do you need a pencil?\" \"I'm going to write `don't take any wooden nickels' on a napkin.\" I shook my head. \"C'mon. Put a buck on the table so we can leave. We're bothering Mr. Buzzard.\" \"Okay,\" said Sneezer. \"You asked for it.\" He took a giant green deer out of his suit, demolishing the table as he set it down. I thought the skunk would get upset, but she put a leash around it and said, \"Merci boucoup,\" leading it away. \"I'm glad I didn't ask you to give her a five,\" I groaned. \"You're right,\" he said. \"It takes two to slap hands.\" \"Buddy,\" the buzzard said, poking its face into mine, his long neck allowing him to remain seated while doing so. \"You're blocking my view. I'm not going to ask you again.\" \"Hey look,\" I said, pointing to a random spot behind him. \"A dead body!\" The buzzard's head spun around to look. \"Where!\" As I quickly slipped away from the demolished table, I came to a sickening realization that there actually was a dead body where I pointed. I could just barely make out the little red Hawaiian shirt with the brown legs poking out. \"So, where's the backstage?\" I asked, trying not to think about the crime. \"In the back,\" Sneezer said. I smacked my face. \"If monsieur is looking for le back stage,\" our waitress said behind me. \"He should walk this way...\" The skunk cut between the tables, swishing and swinging her hips. As expected, Sneezer copied her movements, but I preferred not to do the same. \"Tell me,\" I asked her as we walked. \"What's the name of the noid chick?\" \"Monsieur is referring to Mademoiselle Amanda Bunny.\" \"Really?\" I said. \"She looks...different.\" \"She does that , monsieur. Madame changes her hair and dyes it, she puts on disguises. It gives her a certain, how you say, mystique , no?\" I swallowed. \"Yeah. It definitely does.\" We entered a narrow hallway in the back of the club. A concrete corridor, decorated with framed pictures of strippers, who danced suggestively when I examined them. The strippers ranged from Anime style to Betty Boop. As I turned a corner, staring at a row of dressing room doors marked with giant stars, I bumped into a red haired figure dressed in a blue top and black skirt. \"Vanessa?\" I said. \"Eeep!\" she cried, her cat's ears popping out in surprise. She had been carrying two beers on a tray, which, during this chance encounter, I had managed to knock over and spill. \"I'm sorry,\" I said. \"I keep doing that. I didn't mean-\" \"It's okay,\" she stammered. \"It doesn't look okay,\" I said. \"I'd like to help. You got any towels?\" She shook her head, pulling a wooly mammoth vacuum cleaner out of her skirt pocket. I chuckled. \"Hammer Space.\" \"Yeah,\" she said, sopping up the mess with the creature's trunk. \"It can be handy some times.\" \"Has anyone ever explored it? Hammer Space, I mean?\" \"I think if you try, you end up beneath the laundromat. Or Snoopy's Doghouse.\" \"So what are you doing here?\" I asked. She blushed. \"I was about to ask you the same question! What are you doing in this sleazy joint?\" \"Holli sent me here. Said there was something here that would `blow my mind.' How about you?\" \"I work here,\" she said. \"So was your mind blown?\" I swallowed. \" I'd say so . Before I came in here, I thought my ex-girlfriend was the only noid in town.\" She suddenly looked depressed. \"You like her , don't you?\" I gave her an apologetic frown. \"I'm sorry. You're...wonderful. Really, you are. But, well, you're a cartoon , and there are rules against us... being together . I should be with my own kind.\" For a moment, a black box appeared on her chest, revealing a Valentine's heart. It thudded a few times, then shattered. The box vanished, and tears rolled down her cheeks. \"Aww!\" I cried. \"Don't be like that! We can still be friends!\" I put a hand on her shoulder. \"Besides. I'm only going to talk to her. Who's to say she'll even want anything to do with me?\" She brushed my hand away. \" Of course... she'll want something to do with you! You're the only human, she's seen for years! She's been waiting all her life for someone like you!\" \"Really?\" I said. But then I noticed her crestfallen expression, her trembling lips. \"C'mon. We can still hang out. Maybe I'll even...find you a boyfriend that's as sweet and intelligent as you.\" \"I don't want another boyfriend!\" she sobbed. \"I want you!\" Before I could say a word in protest, she ran into one of the dressing rooms and slammed the door shut. I tried to follow, but found the door was only a painting, and I couldn't open it. The wooly mammoth vacuum cleaner trumpeted at me indignantly. I sighed in frustration, thinking that this was probably for the best. At least in a cartoon, suicide is pretty much impossible. Okay, so maybe it could happen in a serious cartoon , and Dale wasn't looking so good back behind Mr. Buzzard, but I didn't want to think about that. I knocked on the dressing room door labeled Amanda Bunny, and Cleo answered. Behind her, I could see a dressing room, with a row of makeup stations with lighted mirrors, dressing screens, and closets full of burlesque outfits, sequins, feathers and frills. I had to look down to make eye contact with the feline. The narrow white creature had a martini in one paw, which she sipped before speaking to me. \"Can I help you?\" \"I'd like to speak to Amanda Bunny.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Which one? Amanda M or Amanda K?\" I furrowed my brow in puzzlement. \"They have the same name?\" She nodded. \"We use their initials to avoid confusion. K or M?\" I rubbed my face. \"Whichever one is the noid.\" She turned and yelled into the room. \"Kate!\" Throughout the course of this conversation, my brain had unconsciously been in middle school mode, my eyes tracing a line from the cat's legwarmers to her hips, wandering to other places... \"Didn't you get enough of that when I was up in the cage?\" I forced my eyes upward, to her giant yellow-orange hairdo. \"Sorry,\" I stammered. \"I...\" She threw her martini in my face. \"Take a picture. It'll last longer.\" And she stomped out. When I returned my attention to the dressing room, I gawked open mouthed at what I saw. From behind a dressing screen appeared a real life human version of the Amanda I knew from the Cool World comics, in all her gorgeous glory. Shining hazel eyes, golden hair done up in a pair of long pigtails. Her chin was round, her ears large, her nose bulbous but attractively so. Those deep set eyes and that face set off something within me, something I couldn't quite describe. Something...not immediately identifiable with sex, but just as captivating. And that outfit ! Just like in the comics, she wore a blue-gray suit made of rubber, around her head, a pair of glistening rubber rabbit ears. Her top, made of that same material, came all the way up to her chin, but a heart shaped section lay open at the chest, exposing her cleavage. It had short princess sleeves, and the skirt-like bottom portion stopped above her waist, showcasing a shiny blue-gray thong. Garters hidden somewhere under the top supported a pair of mid-thigh length high heeled boots of the same color. \"I heard you had a thing for noids,\" she said in a sultry voice.[Chapter 18] JESSICA Encounter Record [0-1-5-2]: The Date. They still had the van. In the Kidd Video cartoon, the band always traveled in a floating yellow bus thing, and this they had parked out behind the Cat Flap. I got all excited about riding in it, but Mr. Buckthorn had a slightly more romantic idea: The souped up car from Cadillacs and Dinosaurs . As we drove through a loop of generic cartoon backgrounds, we got to know each other a little better. Okay, so he got to know me better. I ended up telling him several things about myself before we arrived in front of that gallery, but I only learned a couple things about him. When he was an infant, he was abandoned by his parents, left on the doorstep of an obscure character from Apartment 3G , who raised him in secret, and now he owns a number of businesses. So maybe that's all I found out. He, on the other hand, had the entire story of my pitiful art career. How I took four years of college to get a useless piece of paper that says I'm artist. How I worked full time at Home Depot and spent the rest of the time struggling to keep my little graphic design company afloat, now a thousand dollars in debt. He didn't share much, but I'm not complaining. I love a good listener. The gallery was...ridiculous. We toured a whole section devoted to silly versions of famous paintings, like a version of Whistler's Mother where the woman rocks back and forth in her chair... whistling , and a replica of the Sistine Chapel ceiling the Animaniacs painted with Spielberg as God. No, I didn't make that up. They had an American Gothic painting where you could stand in place of the old farmers, and stick your head in the Mona Lisa , and another American Gothic where the old people bickered. Another section, entitled `Contrasts' consisted of oversimplified background art, to make the doodles that stood in front of them `pop out' visually. The sculptures, having a greater presence in cartoons, were a little more interesting. I noted, with some amusement, they even had that marble reclining nude from the Maniac Mansion video game. I had to be careful around any statue with a bow and arrow. A statue of Cupid shot me, and now I think there's no escape from this attraction I have for Chad. They did have a lot of abstract art in there, but I still liked it. A couple times, Beaver got a little...unruly, but I stepped in the bathroom and scolded it until it behaved. I spotted Master Splinter from the Ninja Turtles sitting on a bench in the Asian section. He looked really depressed, kept staring at a calligraphic brush painting of two rats kissing, like he was lonely or something, but before I could ask about it, this animated cop comes up to me. \"When I heard your friend talking about a noid girl, I thought he made up a story...\" \" Noid? Is that what you call a human around here?\" \"Yeah...\" He showed me a cartoon badge with the letters CWPD on it. I noticed he sounded...familiar. \"Hey,\" I exclaimed. \"You're that guy, aren't you? Didn't you fall off the side of a hotel or something?\" His eyes bugged out a little. \"Wait, you're that girl that helped me , weren't you?\" I nodded. \" I kinda grew up. \" \" Don't grow up too much.\" He gave a forced chuckle that sounded like a cough. \"Anyways, yeah. That was me. Officer Harris. Cool World Police. You weren't there, but I turned into a doodle. It turns out you can become one if a doodle kills you. Look, uh...\" The guy was checking me out, but kept acting like he wasn't. \"I know that a lot of doodles get away with wearing stuff like this...\" He pulled my cape closed and pinned it shut with a ducky safety pin for emphasis. \"But you're just asking for trouble. You do know how the incident in Vegas got started, don't you?\" I shrugged. \"Someone uncapped a thing from the roof?\" I know most the details, of course, but I wasn't sure where this was going. He rubbed his face. \" A human slept with a doodle. She got out, she pulled a glowing spike out of a hotel sign.\" I pretended to be totally ignorant about it, but all of that seemed like a great idea. \"Really!. ..That's... strange. So... Jack Deebes ... slept with a cartoon? \" Harris nodded. \"I know it seems like a wonderful idea, but don't try it. You might think they're in love with you, but they just want to become real and take over the world. All of them.\" \"I'l...keep that in mind.\" He cocked a thumb at Chad. \"What's you're relationship to this guy, pray tell?\" \"He's just a friend. We're just hanging out. I wanted to see the place, and he offered to show me around.\" \"Be careful what he shows you. \" \"Um...okay?\" I mean, really! Who was he to tell me what to do? Harris's radio crackled. \"Boss. Deebes just broke out.\" The cop swore in frustration. \"All right. Be there in a second.\" He pointed an accusatory finger at me. \"Remember what I said.\" The man disappeared in a puff of smoke like the Road Runner. Chad took my hand, leading me into the next gallery. The best exhibit, by far: The landscape section. You can actually go inside the paintings! I know, kind of weird going inside a piece of art when I'm essentially inside one already, but how could I disagree with Prince Charming? We must have spent hours just wandering and exploring places. We opened doors in Thomas Kinkaide villages and tracked snow on the carpets, peered through the telescope on a schooner, explored a cave. Best. Museum. Ever. So anyway, awesome gallery. We'd walk side by side on a beach inside a painting, holding hands, ride horses... As we sat together on a park bench inside that famous Seurat painting of the people in the park, I leaned on Chad's shoulder and said, \"I'm the artist that drew you.\" He wrapped an arm around me. \"I know. You have exquisite taste. My deepest and sincere thanks.\" I chuckled softly, pressing my body against him, enjoying the closeness. \"So...\" I purred. \"Ice cream?\" He chuckled. \"What, and miss this lovely view?\" I punched him softly. \"Have you been to Hoofnagel's?\" \"No. But it sounds cute.\" We got back in his flashy car, driving to a little fifties style soda shop, one which, for some reason, had a strange looking Model T parked out front. I noticed a cop car idling around the corner, but I tried to ignore it. Encounter 0-1-5-3. \"Oh my God,\" I blurted when I stepped inside. The Get-Along-Gang . Right there at the counter. And then I saw Drew , dressed like a cartoon exterminator. He was on a date . It seemed so serious that he didn't even notice me come in. Apparently he had found a little redhead, someone from The Archies or a Hanna Barbara cartoon, by the looks of it. I covered my mouth to stifle a giggle, gesturing for Chad to join me in a corner booth. We quietly ordered shakes, and our server, Mr. Hoofnagel himself (I hardly even remembered that guy being in the cartoon, it's been so long) disappeared behind the counter. Okay, so this is where I get out my phone and start typing really, really fast. I wrote some of what you've read earlier in the museum, or in the Cat Flap, but this is the first time I really stopped and assembled all my thoughts together. The cop car pulled up to the window and stayed there. \"You're not doing anything wrong,\" I muttered as I continued to document. Mr. Stud Muffin caught me writing. \"What are you doing with that small device, sweet flower blossom?\" I chuckled and told him. \"I'm documenting everything I can observe in this unusual and interesting world.\" \"Have you been documenting anything about me?\" I grinned. \"Naturally. In fact, once I get home, I will devote an entire chapter to you in the book I will publish.\" \"I am honored.\" The shakes arrived. Judging by what happened in the bar earlier, I half expected the soda goat to grab us and give us a good jostling, but instead he comes out with actual shake shakes . In retrospect, I should have engineered some way to get Chad to share the same shake, but we both ordered chocolate, and well, I was nervous. For a moment, as I sip my drink, I glance at Drew in amusement, maybe some worriment. You know, like I somehow thought him pathetic for dating a cartoon when there I was dating one myself. But then Chad grabbed my chin, gently directing my gaze his way. I didn't bother looking at Drew anymore. We held hands. We kissed. I heard Faith Hill playing in the background, and that suited me just fine. \"Do you like dancing?\" Chad asked. I stared at him. \"I...\" Me? Honestly? Not a great dancer. But when I opened my mouth, I found myself saying, \"Yes. I'd love to.\" I'm sure, all throughout this exchange, Drew must have glanced my way a few times, but my back had mostly been facing him, we sat behind the soda machine, and I had that cape on. I suppose, if he had really fallen for that toon girl the way I fell for Chad, he probably thought I wasn't there. Oh, and maybe using the back hallway to get to the ladies' restroom didn't help matters. I thought I was just being polite. You know, not interfering with Drew's love life. Anyways, Chad took me by the hand, leading me out to the car. \"If it pleases you,\" he said as he started up the engine. \"We will dance at the Savoy.\" I thought to myself, anything we do together would please me, but I instead told him, \"I'm sure it will be wonderful !\" \"I regret to inform you that there is a dress code. But I have a solution to that.\" We drove up the street to a department store in between a chocolatier and a place selling magic rugs...and, ironically, a store called `Magic Rugs' that sold bizarre toupees. Encounter 0-1-5-4. I saw a lot of nice suits in that store. I examined several, but I kept getting distracted by watching strange creatures fitting various doodles with...their duds. The staff included a spider ( an orb weaver , no less) that wove suits around you, Yakko and Wakko Warner from the Animaniacs, who stretched a suit to fit a person of any size, and the Hedgehog Sisters from the Animal Crossing video game. To my surprise and embarrassment, I found Chad leading me up to the fairy godmother from Cinderella . The cheery old overweight gnome instructed me to remove my cape, and she waved a wand around me, forming a sparkly dark outfit over my underwear. I'd been dressed in a sexy princess outfit, complete with crown (Incidentally, I didn't care for the crown. A little pretentious. I gave it back). The dress had a slit up the side, and a plunging neckline, but I supposed it was a little better than my previous semi unclothed state. Sparkly translucent fabric. If you didn't look too close, I suppose it looked like a regular black dress, but you could still see every seam and outline of my lingerie if you looked close enough. In fact, it kinda felt like I wasn't wearing anything. I mean, I could feel it on my skin, but the texture was incredibly light, like someone decided to make clothing out of lotion. Still, when I looked at myself in the mirror, I thought I looked stunning, like someone from the Academy Awards. No...wait. I looked like the chick from the Dragon's Lair video game. \"You look terrific,\" he breathed over my shoulder. \"Are you sure this is dress code appropriate?\" He patted me lightly on the butt. \"You have nothing to worry about,\" \"Just make sure you don't wear it after midnight,\" the old gnome warned. \"It has an automatic return function.\" I stared at her. \"You're kidding.\" Chad leaned close to me, whispering in my ear. \"Do you really want to wear it any longer than that?\" I swallowed. \"I...don't know.\" I smoothed the material over my legs. \"Maybe?\" He pressed himself against me, nuzzling his muzzle against my neck. \"Will you be unhappy if it vanishes at midnight?\" My voice came out in a tiny squeak. \"No?\" He responded with a rumbly purring sound, then stepped away for a moment, to get fitted with a new suit coat. A brown hedgehog helped the orb weaver get in place, and in seconds he wore one of a perfect size. Paying one of the hedgehogs, he slung my cape over his arm, leading me back to our ride. Encounter 0-1-5-5. The Savoy is a classy joint. Both a restaurant and dance hall, fountains, statues and plants everywhere. Near the entrance a giant statue of Atlas held up the world (Note: Statues did not move or talk), a faun, a centaur, and a large fountain with flying cherubs and dragons. The floor had beautifully patterned carpeting, brilliant chandeliers. A big band played in the background. Interesting crowd. Characters from Richie Rich , Scrooge McDuck made an appearance, and even some snooty looking rich people ghosts and extras from one of those Real Ghostbusters cartoons. Anything from the animated upper crust. When Sinatra's Fly Me to the Moon started up, Chad lead me, dancing, past Mr. Burns and a suited robot, to the middle of the floor. At first, I giggled as I stared at all the cartoon characters trying to look all serious as they danced with each other, but as I put my hands on Chad's waist and tried not to step on his big feet, staring into his good eye, I serioused up myself. So much so that I bumped into the pirate-like Captain Haddock and his large bosomed opera singer girlfriend. Princess Toadstool wasn't too happy with me, either. I spotted Holli in a dazzling white gown, but when Chad caught me gawking, he grabbed my chin, directing my eyes his way. I learned close to Chad as we waltzed back and forth before the band. \"Can I asked you something?\" He grunted like a horse and nodded. \"Your eye. What happened to it?\" His eye did that wiggly sparkle thing cartoons always have when they're about to have a flashback. \"I was in a knife fight with the leader of a rival gang,\" he whispered. \"His name was Red Rooster, head of the Rojas Reyes , the Red Kings.\" I grinned. \"So you're a singing gangster.\" He gave his head a violent shake. \" That life is behind me now. Now I fight under only one banner...\" He raised his fist dramatically. \"Love.\" His fist relaxed. It's corny, but hearts were popping out of my clothes. On impulse, I grabbed his eyepatch, lifting it to look underneath. As always in cartoons, the scar was an unrealistically tidy looking diagonal slash. He still had an eye, but it was a solid white, with stitches running across it. I felt sorry for him, but it didn't shock or scare me at all. I pressed the patch back in place. \"You are not horrified,\" he said with some surprise. \"When it happens to noids, it's a lot more gross.\" \"You still find me handsome?\" \"Oh yes. Definitely.\" The band now played George Michael. As we danced, I thought I saw a camera flash, but I ignored it. What were they going to do, blackmail me? Send it to the press? Let them talk! \"Oh lovely flower,\" my date breathed. \"May I drink from the nectar of your perfectly shaped lips?\" More hearts popped out of my clothes, rising like balloons, giving the crowd a flash of thigh, and, once or twice, my posterior. \"Only if I can taste yours.\" And so we drank each other . Deeply . Guess I was thirstier than I thought. He grabbed my butt, but that was okay. I wanted him to. I always thought of him doing stuff like that to me, when I was drawing him. Alone. In a suite at the Union Plaza. With my pants off. Sketchbook propped open between my spread legs. And I wondered, if he knew I was the artist that drew him, did he also know about all that ? And then, would I mind so much if he did? Hearing a commotion, I turned my head and saw the cop again, flashing his badge around the front entrance, talking to doodles. \"Sheesh,\" I muttered as I pulled my lips away from Chad's mouth. \" Columbo would find this guy annoying.\" \"What is a Columbo?\" the kangaroo asked. \"Never mind. Let's ditch the cop.\" I led him behind a statue and kissed him some more. When our lips broke apart, he leaned close and whispered, \"How does this sound, my flower? We dine on the choicest of foods, by candle light, over which you make a decision about whether or not you wish to join me in my chambers this evening.\" I giggled nervously. \"You really don't mess around, do you?\" Looking super serious, he said, \"No.\" I giggled some more. I stopped, getting a little worried. \"You know, where I come from, the lady doesn't join a man in his chambers on the first date.\" \"This isn't where you came from,\" he said. \"And you came to me in your underwear.\" I swallowed hard. \"You can decide over our meal,\" he repeated. \"It is fair, no?\" I suddenly felt very hot and uncomfortable. \"Yes.\" \"Then I will show you to your table.\" He tugged me by the hand, leading me away from the dance floor. To dinner. Where I'd decide .[Chapter 19] DREW \"Wow,\" the word came out of my mouth as incoherent noise as I stared at this erotic fantasy turned real. Flesh and blood human in an Amanda Bunny costume. Same woman that was on stage. I could tell by the general shape of the face, the breasts, and the legs. Plus, it seemed pretty unlikely that there would be tons of noid women lurking about in the same area when I hadn't seen any at all for most of the day. To be honest, despite how much all those animated females may have turned my head, I really wanted this . From the start . A real woman . \"Hi,\" I stammered. \" Voodoo woman , right? I, uh...liked your show.\" \" I thought you did ,\" she said with a smirk. \"There was a heart popping out of your shirt, and music and everything.\" I paled. \"It's not like that. I don't like doodles like that. I...you know, males and their subconscious minds. I'm an adult. I really much prefer human beings to cartoons.\" \"It's okay,\" she said. \"I meant to confuse you. Sexually. It's part of the show.\" She put her hands on my shoulders, smoothing my cartoon suit. \"I'm not offended at all.\" Again I heard Peter Gabriel singing \"My heart is going boom boom boom\" as a cartoon heart exploded from my suit. I clamped a hand over my chest to hold it down, but it only made little hearts bubble out. She covered her mouth to suppress a giggle. \"You changed your hair,\" I said, trying to shift the focus away from the hearts. The woman nodded. \"One advantage of living in an animated world is that you only need to step behind the right dressing screen to get a new look.\" \"Or a classic one,\" I muttered. \"Your father did say I was in the new comics.\" \"You've met my father?\" She grimaced, saying nothing. \"That bad, huh?\" \"He's, um, very difficult to get along with.\" Noticing a neon pink flash out of the corner of my eye, I glanced at a nearby mirror, but Amanda threw a blanket over it before I could see what it was. A cloud of dust puffed out. Behind me, I could hear Sneezer making sniffling sounds. \"Please don't,\" I cried. \"Please, Sneezer?\" \"Sorry,\" the mouse said in between sniffles. \"It's just,\" the sneeze kept building up. \"It's just...I'm allergic...I'm allergic to...\" \"Out,\" the woman barked. Sneezer just inhaled again. \"Dus-\" \"Out!\" the woman yelled. \"You're not doing that here! You'll make a mess!\" And she dragged him out into the hallway by the ear, slamming the door. A second later, I heard an explosion, several somethings breaking and shattering, and then a \"Bless me.\" The woman gave me an apologetic smile. \" Doodles ,\" she said. \"You are so lucky. I'd kill for a single, normal utterly boring day in your world.\" That explains what she sees in me, I thought. \"Then I'm sure you'll love it when I sit down with your tax paperwork and E-File your 1040.\" She laughed, then pointed to her arm. \"See that? Goosebumps .\" I suddenly noticed vaporous entities floating through the room. Ghosts, skulls, a mouse in a martini glass. I supposed their random nature was why they were called `doodles', but I hoped for a better explanation. I pointed to a floating sunglass wearing chihuahua head. \"What's all this?\" \"There are other dimensional wavelengths besides Cool World,\" she said with a shrug. \"Sometimes they cross over here.\" Having nothing to say about that, I offered her a hand. \"We, uh, haven't been formally introduced. I'm-\" She cut me off. \"Drew Deebes. I know. \" She returned the handshake. \"Kate Bunny.\" I was staring. I forced my eyes to look up, admiring the golden bangs stylishly projecting from the headdress. My suit was doing that super heartbeat thing again. \"Would you like me to do something about that?\" she asked, poking the thudding heart. \"Uh...\" I said. \"Well...I mean, if you like it, it's fine, but...\" Without a word, she grabbed a brass button on one of my coattails, twisting it like a knob. All of a sudden, a red heart appeared on my lapel, glowing and pulsating like that power cell thing Tony Stark wears in all those Iron Man movies. \"Better?\" I wasn't sure if it was or not. Well, until she changed it to patterning the suit entirely with rainbow colored heart shaped polka dots. Iron Man was more my style, so I told her to change it back. I couldn't fix the Peter Gabriel thing, though. \"So,\" I said as my heart pulsated at a brighter intensity. \"Important question. What are you doing here?\" Kate rolled her eyes. \"You saw what I'm doing here. Making you drool. \" I swallowed. \"No, I mean, you're a noid . How did you get into this world of cartoons?\" She paused for a minute, biting her lip. \"I was b-\" She stopped herself for some reason, giving me an embarrassed grin. \"Sorry,\" she said. \"I was checking you out. Completely forgot what I was saying. Anyways , it's been a long time since I've seen another noid my age. I was, brought here. As a baby. I don't know my parents. They abandoned me in a Disney theme park. behind one of their animation studios.\" I could imagine it happening. Those places were crowded . Moved by pity, then guilt, I focused my eyes on her face. \"I'm sorry to hear that.\" \"It's okay,\" she said. \"Some doodles came out of a mural, took me to live with Mrs. Honeybunn and her two daughters. I grew up with the girls, the Get Along Gang and the Care Bears until I started growing breasts.\" She shrugged. \"Then I moved on.\" \"I think we have something in common,\" I said. \"I was practically raised by television.\" She laughed. \"Mom was out a lot,\" I continued. \"In between night shifts at the hospital and going to school, she was either sleeping or gone. I basically had to take care of myself.\" She looked at me with an expression of sympathy, smirking a little. Not a sexy moment, but a very real and meaningful one, nonetheless. \"So,\" I said, switching to what I hoped to be a lighter subject. \"What's the deal between you and `M'? You two almost look identical, except she's animated.\" \"Um...\" Again looking flustered, Kate stammered, \"You're going to laugh, but it involves a mad scientist. You know how this place is, right?\" \"I... have an inkling...\" Kate sighed. \"After I grew breasts, I started hanging out in the X-Mansion.\" She rolled her eyes. \" X-Men . Can't even take a nap without something blowing up. But I loved those tights. \"It was only a matter of time before Apocalypse captured me and a pair of obscure mutants, attempting to extract our DNA to make a half human doodle super soldier. \"Cyclops and his buddies stopped his machine before she could be weaponized, but, well, I suddenly had a new sister .\" I stared at her, unsure whether to be skeptical or suspend my disbelief and accept it as a true part of this crazy world. \"That's weird ,\" I said. \"But I guess anything's possible here...\" \" You have no idea. \" I swallowed hard, wondering what horrible things a cartoon mad scientist could do to me if I kept hanging around Cool World. I pointed to the covered mirror. \"What's with this?\" \"What do you mean?\" she said in a defensive tone. \"On stage, you choreographed it perfectly so that your sister shows up in the mirror every time you pass it, so it looks like you, moves like you, acts like you, then I could almost swear that you appeared in the mirror. And neither of you ever showed up on stage at the same exact time.\" \"It's an act.\" She uncovered the mirror. Her cartoon reflection winked at me, unzipping a barely visible zipper on the front of her identical looking rabbit costume, exposing more flesh. When I looked back at Kate, her top was still zipped. When I glanced at the reflection again, her cartoon self stuck out her tongue and stepped out of view. I watched with astonishment as the real girl touched a glass devoid of her reflection. I could see my reflection just fine, but I couldn't see hers at all. \"This is insane,\" I said. She stuck her hand through the glass, which rippled like water. \" I know. \" \"Is that a trick mirror or something?\" I asked. \"Some kind of cartoon magic prop?\" \"Yes,\" she said with a mysterious smile. \"Want to go out?\" \"What,\" I said. \"Like, in the mirror?\" Kate chuckled a little. \"No, silly. I meant, do you want to go out on a date .\" I swallowed, my cartoon heart thudding. \"Uh, sure!\" She walked toward the door, her rubber outfit creaking with every step. \"You're going to wear that ?\" I asked. Kate gave me a look that said, `Really?' And then verbally said, \" This is a comic, and I'm a stripper. Of course I'm wearing this.\" \"I'm not complaining,\" I said. \"I just don't think I'll be doing much looking at your face.\" And then I forced my eyes upward to illustrate my point. Okay, so maybe it wasn't just an illustration. \"Maybe I don't want you looking at my face,\" she said. \"Why?\" I asked. \"You have a beautiful face.\" She smiled a little. \"You're sweet.\" \"So. I've never been in Cool World before. Where do you want to go?\" \"How about the Land of Lost Stuff?\" she said. I sighed, thinking of Vanessa. \"What?\" \"Nothing. It's just...I was dating a doodle, and, well...\" \"You talked about going there with her,\" she finished. I nodded. \"I know. It's silly. You're real and she's not. Still, I feel a little guilty.\" She snorted through her nose, covering her mouth. When she removed her hand to cover a chuckle, she said, \"It's Vanessa Vixx, isn't it?\" \"Yes. How did you know?\" Kate paused a minute before speaking. \"We're friends .\" I frowned. \"I somehow doubt you'll be friends after this .\" \"You'd be surprised,\" she said with a grin. \" We share .\" My mouth suddenly felt dry. \"You share boyfriends.\" Kate nodded. \"We share everything .\" Blushing, I said, \"I'm not sure I'm comfortable with that.\" She took my hand, pressing it against her bare thigh. \" I'll make you comfortable. \" She let go and I withdrew my hand. \"I...\" I stupidly wanted to apologize for touching her thigh, but then stopped myself. \"We don't know the first thing about each other...\" I was about to say, \"And I'm already touching your body,\" but she interrupted me. \"That's why we're going on a date. C'mon.\" When she opened the door, Cleo marched up to her, muttering something about Officer Harris in a low voice. Kate thanked Cleo and rubbed her head, sending her away. \"We'll have to use the secret exit,\" Kate muttered. She led me by the hand to a cardboard couch, then shoved me into it. Somehow it became a real leather loveseat that I could lay upon. To my alarm, I found her climbing on top of me, warming me with her body. Okay, maybe it was more like surprise than alarm , but I still felt it wasn't right. \"Wait,\" I cried. \"We've just barely met!\" \"I know,\" she said, pulling a lever. The couch suddenly flipped upside down, and we were crashing down on a rubber mat inside an underground parking garage filled with weird and futuristic looking vehicles. Most of them were hybrids, combinations of cars and airplanes or helicopters and cars, making me wonder if this were the MASK base until I saw the bird shaped bike from Darkwing Duck and the talking car from the Pole Position cartoon. \"Hi,\" Kate giggled as I lay atop her. \"Mind getting up?\" \"I might,\" I said with a smirk. We got up, brushed ourselves off, and I followed her through the garage, staring at the various vehicles. I saw lots of classic, expensive looking cars, some cars from programs like Wheelie and the Chopper Bunch that have eyes and talk, and a Transformer or two, but they were all sleeping. There was also a suspicious version of the Scooby Doo bus with eyes, wrong looking flowers, and sixties style lettering that said ` Mastery Machine .' After walking a fair distance, we arrived at an armored personnel carrier with a striking resemblance to the tank-ish vehicle from the B-movie Space Hunter. It had a pickup-like body, but there were armored sliding doors on the sides, a ball turret with a machine gun up top, and a dome-like windshield with guns sticking out on the sides. Kate pulled a key fob out of her top, making the vehicle chirp and open its sliding door. A second later, Detective Harris walks out from behind the vehicle, regarding us smugly. The spider joined him, aiming his gun at my new acquaintance. Kate's ears, normally curved and bent at the tips, now stood ramrod straight. \"Eeep!\" \"Well well well,\" the cop said. \" Deebes and Bunny . I never would have seen that coming!\" He had this expression on his face like he knew something I didn't. \"What's wrong with that?\" I asked. Harris grinned like it was some kind of joke. \"Nothing! More power to you! I'm just surprised , that's all.\" \"I told you,\" I said. \"I'm not like my dad. I like real women.\" He furrowed his brow. \"All right, then. I'll let you off with a warning. But if I see you hanging out with a doodle, touching a doodle, or even thinking about doing a doodle, I'll make you regret it.\" Then he coughed. \"FYI, Riffraff says if you come within a foot of his girlfriend again, you're dead. Let's just say I will look the other way if that happens... And probably laugh my ass off while doing so.\" I stared at him in disbelief, both at how quickly the word got out about our little encounter, and how much a stink a cat with no visible genitalia could make over nothing. Unless... My vast mental warehouse of meaningless trivia pulled out an episode of Heathcliff where Cleo wanted Riffraff to `go steady', and by the end of the episode they mutually decided not to commit. I shook my head. If Cleo wants something, I thought, she can forget it. She can't hold a candle to Bunny. Harris made a gesture and his spider companion holstered his gun. \"Oh, and Deebes?\" he said. \"One more thing.\" Harris punched me in the face.[Chapter 20] JESSICA Encounter Record [0-1-5-6] I kept pinching myself to make sure this wasn't a dream...or a sexy nightmare. Meekly, I followed Chad between a set of decorative shrubs, up a short staircase to a table with a fancy spread. Your stereotypical romantic dinner set up. Candles, wine, we even had a Mariachi band that jumped out of the bushes and played slow romantic music as soon as Chad pulled out a seat for me. I took my place, staring into Chad's eye as I listened to the music. A waiter, a walrus in the style of Tennessee Tuxedo, brought out our food. Steaks, vegetables, shrimp. The stuff tasted strangely real, perhaps a side effect of being there too long, unless only the wealthy had access to real food or something. Of course, the wine tasted like grape Fanta. \"So,\" I said as the music became muted. \" Chad . Tell me more about yourself. Did you go to college?\" \"Oh lovely nectarine,\" he said. \"Colleges are a rarity in Cool World. If one wishes an advanced education, one simply studies at a different high school. I have two diplomas, one from Beverly Hills High, the other from Riverdale.\" \"Seriously? No colleges? How do you become a doctor here?\" \"We take courses by mail.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Then what is Acme Looniversity?\" \"A high school.\" I pondered this for a minute. \"That actually explains a lot. Who was your favorite teacher?\" \"My music teacher, Ms. Brahms. The woman was an inspiration . It's too bad she was a weredog. Also, I greatly admired Mr. Write, my English instructor, who built and sharpened my skills into hardened iron.\" I suppressed a grin. I guess he didn't know how bad that sounded, but I really didn't care. In fact, the thought of something kinky going on with his teacher kind of turned me on. \"So...you and this English teacher...um... how close were you?\" He shook his head and laughed. \"Jessica. You are a wonderful enigma. A Chinese puzzle . You come to me like a chili pepper, we meet backstage, and you are like a delicate rose, and now, as I familiarize myself with your mind, I see that inwardly you are a ghost pepper. A spoonful of wasabi that burns the mouth.\" Hearts popped out of my outfit. Feeling my legs trembling, I scowled at my crotch. \"Stop that!\" I hissed. \"It wasn't me,\" the patch replied. \"Liar!\" I said almost a little too loudly. \"It's your body ,\" it growled. \"I can't be blamed for everything.\" \"Drop some food in your lap, spicy flower?\" I suddenly felt incredibly hot, like every part of my body had decided to blush at the same time. \"Uh, yeah . I, uh, dropped a carrot .\" \"Do you often talk to your food ?\" Blushing deeper, I nodded, shoving a piece of steak into my mouth. \"You know, it kinda does make my food taste better.\" And then I pretended to scold the broccoli. \"Be careful with that gas content! I have a very sensitive stomach!\" I laughed nervously. \"Your mind is like a succubus and a Disney princess living in the same house. When you lie, the succubus does not answer the door. It is an endearing trait. \" I fanned myself. Before we started having this conversation, the room, and my outfit, had been rather... cool . \"Do you have any Spanish blood?\" I asked, mostly to change the subject. \"Perhaps. I do not know. As I said, I am an orphan. \" \"Tell me about this woman that adopted you...\" \" Sharona Buckthorn ? She is a saint . Despite her long hours of work as a successful fashion designer's assistant, and her long string of fiery romances, she always made time for me.\" The music of the Mariachi band suddenly turned dramatic. \"Well, until Ceres Spencer cut the brakes on her car, landing her in a coma.\" \"I'm sorry,\" I said, though I thought it sounded like something from a soap opera. Chad shrugged. \"It is commonplace in that apartment complex. Tragic drama is why I moved on, to see a better world.\" \"But your mother, I mean, Sharona . do you still visit her in the hospital?\" Chad sighed and shook his head. \"I was returning home after a particularly interesting gig in Gotham city, when I checked the hospital and found that someone had removed her life support and her body had already been taken away. The funeral was a closed casket.\" He sniffed, wiping his eyes. I decided he definitely had been in one of those serious comics. At least, in their background somewhere . The cop approached our table, and the music abruptly stopped. \"My my. Isn't this romantic.\" \"Geez, officer,\" I groaned. \"Don't you have a girlfriend or something?\" He nodded. \"I do , but unlike some noids I've met, I waited. \" I frowned. \"What's this about?\" He gave me an apologetic smirk. \"Look. I just got a call from someone about a noid problem . Apparently you're giving folks quite a show . Nice dress, by the way.\" \"What. We're just hanging out.\" He flashed his teeth, looking at me like he knew better. \"You guys are all the same,\" I said. \"I hang out with someone of the opposite sex and you already think I'm banging them. Didn't you take your animated girlfriend on dates for awhile when you were... a noid?\" Harris raised his hands defensively. \"Okay, okay. You got me there. But just in case you're thinking about doing something else , Don't . Do what I did. Wait until you become a doodle. Then you can do it all you want.\" \"Thanks, dad.\" He must have caught the negative vibe, for the next thing out of his mouth was, \"Don't give me that attitude. You want to create an incident like Vegas a couple years back?\" \"...No.\" What was I supposed to say? \"All I'm saying is, don't let that kangaroo take you to town.\" He gave me his card. \"Let me know if he tries to pull a fast one.\" I rolled my eyes. \"All right, officer. \" \"Sir,\" I heard a voice saying on the cop's radio. \"We've spotted Deebes again.\" Harris swore under his breath, running off. The moment he was gone, I tossed the card. \"So. Where were we?\" \"Cockroaches?\" a voice said. I looked down and saw the penguin from all those Bloom County comics holding up a plate of bugs. I frowned. \"I didn't order any roaches.\" He stared at his order sheet. \"Sorry. Wrong table.\" I rolled my eyes when I saw him bring the tray to a pair of birds in dress clothes. I turned my attention back to my date. \"Do you have any happy memories?\" Chad paused. \"I enjoyed my childhood with the Muppet Babies , with whom Sharona acquainted me...\" He rubbed his muzzle. \"Oh, and I spent many pleasant hours with Rod Manley, her first love. He taught me to shoot pool, repair aircraft, and perform duties as a lifeguard.\" His eye got a faraway look. \"He taught me a lot of things. It is a shame that-\" \"Stop,\" I interrupted, sure he was going to go into another soap opera tale. \" Focus on the happy . What makes Chad happy?\" \" You ,\" he said. \"Besides that.\" \"Besides you? Nothing .\" \"Oh c'mon,\" I groaned. \"There's got to be something that you really enjoy. Something that makes you cheerful, content, happy, even.\" He opened his mouth. \"And don't say sex. Something else. Anything .\" I saw a lump moving in his throat. \"I...\" He shook his head. \"No. I cannot tell you. You will think me less of a man.\" I giggled. \"I seriously doubt that !\" He sighed. \"Very well. I will tell you. I will whisper it in your ear.\" He got up and did so. \"When no one is looking, I play with dolls .\" I had to fight down a laugh. \"I like to build and decorate their houses, and comb their pretty hair.\" I forced down a grin. \"That's...interesting.\" \"I knew it. You think less of me now.\" \"No, no.\" I was grinning openly now. \"It's very cute. You have to be very secure in your masculinity to admit something like that.\" Now Chad was blushing. I even saw Valentine hearts. \"I also like ballet. Is that bad?\" \"No...\" I kept fighting to keep my composure. \"Okay, so... ballet ?\" \"I am not talking about watching. I have leotards. \" I burst out laughing. \"Are you sure you like women?\" His little hearts dropped to the floor and shattered. If only all men were this easy to read! \"I like you, don't I?\" \"I'm sorry,\" I blurted. \"Really. I love a man in tights. It's hot .\" That made him feel better. \"Maybe I show you Swan Lake .\" I chuckled. \"Okay!\" He returned to his seat. We both had cartoon hearts now. One of the Mariachi guys stepped forward, singing Love Lift Us Up Where We Belong . \"In retrospect,\" Chad said. \"We should have had spaghetti. We could share a noodle with our lips.\" I leaned over the table and kissed him. When we broke apart, he asked, \"So, have you decided?\" I giggled. \"Only if I can see you in tights.\" He grinned. \"You are a cruel woman.\" After our meal, we got back in his car, touring a strange surreal landscape of dark twisting buildings. For a few moments, I pondered the reasoning behind such unusual architecture, but then I remembered many cartoons with singing animated buildings that sort of twisted as they sang. \"Do you know anything about these buildings, Chad?\" He shook his head. \"I am not an architect.\" We passed through a gate that looked like a toothy mouth. I asked Chad about it. \"It is part of a highway beautification program. City ordinances tell builders to put artistic things on what they build.\" \"Is that why they're also twisted?\" \"Yes...You are very inquisitive.\" \"I'm a researcher,\" I said. \"A scientist. \" \"Do scientists often do work in their underwear?\" I swallowed. \"Some do.\" \"Then Cool World is not so different from your world, after all.\" I blushed. We passed a corporation with stone lions out front, rolling to a stop in front of a strange skyscraper tall apartment building. Encounter 0-1-5-7. The building had two mallard duck sculptures framing its staircase, a large eye decorating the door. Chad shifted the car into park. \"This is where I live.\" I stared at it uncomfortably. \"It's...nice.\" Spotting a cop car, I ducked down. \"Shit!\" I eased the seat all the way back, crawling into the rear, covering myself with nets and other dinosaur hunting accessories. \"Sheesh! Will that guy ever go away?\" I heard that chirping sound cop cars do when they pull you over, then saw the red and blue lights. \"There is a costume by the floor,\" Chad muttered out of the side of his mouth. \"Put it on.\" It was a cartoon dinosaur costume. Hey, beggars can't be choosers. I pulled the outfit on just a second before Harris came poking his nose into our business. He showed Chad his badge. 'You seen a noid around here?\" My boyfriend shook his head, giving a Scooby Doo-like \"Nuh-uh.\" Harris looked in the back. I probably looked adorable, a glowing T-Rex with googly eyes. The cop narrowed his eyes in suspicion when he saw me, shining a flashlight in my face. I winced. \"What's that you got there?\" \"It's a pet.\" I waved my stubby claws, making a little growly noise. \"Cute. Very cute.\" Harris walked away, back to his car. Chad fitted my neck with a leash, so I pretended to fight a little until we got through the front door and had it closed behind us. \"Harris, whatcha doing?\" said a female voice. I took off the suit, peering through a curtain to see what was happening outside. There was Holli, hands on her hips, scowling at the officer. \"Come, spicy peach,\" said Chad. \"I do not wish for you to be arrested.\" \"For what? I haven't done anything yet.\" \"And what if you decide to do... something? \" I closed the curtain. \"I see your point.\" I took in the foyer, staring at the fine trappings. It kind of reminded me of the Addams mansion. Twin staircase, a statue, suit of armor, a chandelier... \"Do many doodles live here?\" \"A few.\" He led me into an extravagantly decorated side room, where he introduced me to a pair of strangers, an alien named Miss Terious, and her butler, Sleezington, apparently Chad's friends. Total weirdos. Apparently they had developed a new version of Chutes and Ladders that involved kinky sex games and whipping the other player with a cat-o-nine tails. I tried not to think about it. Much. Me and Chad climbed the double staircase, stepping into an elevator at the landing. A plain gray and white elevator. Very clean and sterile looking. There was an awkward silence as we watched the floor number change. \"So...\" I said. \"Do you just play that one club, or are there other spots you perform at?\" \"We have gone on many tours. It has been a nice interesting time. Some bad things have happened, but I will take your advice and focus on the happy.\" Silence. \"Do you know anything about a scientist named Heinreich Baubels?\" I asked. He gave me a suspicious look. \"I...seem to remember something. But the memory, I am sorry to say, is not clear. Why do you ask?\" \"Oh nothing. It's just...I'm something of a...a student and historian of this place, and I read that he is responsible for the creation of the spikes of power.\" \"Hmmm...\" he muttered. \"I do not know. Perhaps we can speak to Vincent Whiskers about it tomorrow.\" \"Who's Vincent Whiskers?\" I asked, but as he was opening his mouth to speak, I remembered what I saw in the comics. \"He's the one who built the Cool World Planetary Defense Grid! Of course! Yes, I think we should see him.\" \"But not tonight. You see, we , I mean, the man , he goes to bed early .\" I giggled a little. \" I suppose he does. \" Chad wagged his tail. I don't know why I hadn't mentioned this much before. Maybe I was too embarrassed to admit that it turned me on, but he had a very nice thick kangaroo tail, one I was longed to stroke and grab, but was afraid to, thinking he'd in turn stroke and grab something on me . He was a little too forward as it was. Still, whenever he appeared to be happy, that tail would wag back and forth, tempting me. The tail stopped for a moment. \"Jessica?\" He seldom used my name. My heart pounded, cartoon hearts popping out of my outfit. \"Yes?\" \"What do you know about Jack Deebes and Holli Would?\" \"Oh!\" I laughed nervously, for I expected him to say something else. I'm not sure what I expected, but I thought it would be something more... personal . \"Uh... Not nearly enough. I'm on a constant search for new information. Jack used to be my next door neighbor. I let him borrow my mom's car. I've read all his comics. About Holli and Slash and Bash...\" I shook my head. \"I only saw Holli once. She was on the rooftop of the Union Plaza Hotel in Las Vegas. She, Jack and this other guy got in a fight. The guy fell off the building. I think they were fighting about the spike. It was the same time when all the world turned animated. I think the spike had something to do with it. \"It was the most fantastic thing I've ever experienced.\" I'm pretty sure this response would have been more than sufficient to answer his question, but, damn it, I've been actively researching Cool World for at least a decade, and this was the first time I'd ever had an audience that took me seriously. So I gushed. \"I have sketchbooks filled with newspaper reports, blog posts, and interviews with the people around the hotel at the time of the incident. I've collected every scrap of Holli I could possibly find in the real world, documenting every detail. \"This blue teddy I'm wearing was actually taken from one of Holli's suitcases Jack's ex wife threw in the dumpster.\" When I finished, Chad's mouth was hanging open, his tail doing little wags, and his eye...it had turned into a Valentine heart. I giggled. \"I take it you're impressed.\" \"Marry me,\" he said. \"We will rule the world together.\" I swallowed the lump that had suddenly formed in my throat. \"Wow. This is a little... sudden , don't you think?\" \"You already agreed to come to my private suite...\" I suddenly felt weak in the knees. I put my full weight on a railing. \"I have startled you,\" he said. I nodded. \"I need to think about this.\" I looked into his eye. \"Yes.\" I blushed, shook my head. \"I mean, no . I don't know. This is a lot to process! I'm sorry.\" He chuckled softly. \"We can discuss this over drinks, if that is acceptable to you.\" I gave him a weak nod. \"I still haven't seen you pirouette.\" The elevator doors opened, and I got led into a white hallway lined with... glass cases full of S&M; gear and medieval torture devices . It was like something out of Fifty Shades of Gray . \"Tell me something, lovely passion flower. Are you into bondage?\" Without thinking, I blurted \"yes,\" but wasn't sure if it were in response to the S&M; or his marriage proposal. My brain kicked in. \"No, I mean, I don't know.\" He laughed. \"You must be more decisive . Do not get me wrong, I love your shyness. It is refreshing, but you must not retreat from love, or it will retreat from you . You must be brave enough to be yourself. Tell, me sweet flower. Who are you?\" \"I'm, I'm...I'm a scholar. A researcher historian.\" \"Is that what you want to be?\" he said, tracing the shape of my face with his fingers. \"No,\" I squeaked. \"Then,\" he breathed with his muzzle inches from my face. \"Who do you want to be?\" I swallowed. \"Holli Would.\" \"Louder,\" he growled. \"Holli Would,\" I said with a little more volume. \"Holli Would would never be this timid!\" he cried. \"Louder!\" \"I want to be Holli Would!\" I yelled, then covered my mouth in horror at what I said. He pulled my hand away. \"You desire a strange thing, but if that is you , you must own it. Let your petals unfold. Be what you desire.\" I swallowed, giving him a slight nod. \"Okay.\" He frowned, as if that were the wrong answer, but didn't say so. Instead, he said, \"Again I ask you, are you into bondage?\" I just stared at him. The elevator doors slid closed behind me.[Chapter 21] DREW The interior of Kate's Space Hunter-esque vehicle, being a cartoon prop, was bigger on the inside than the outside. It looked was a strange combination between a bedroom and a SWAT tactical van. Computers, radar devices and video monitors ran along the walls, an arsenal of guns and science fiction weaponry hung on racks, but the compartment also held a coffee maker, bookcases full of real looking books, a little spiral staircase, a queen sized bed, shower, and an aquarium. The steering control looked like an alien deer, its antlers growing in a semi-rounded wheel, its shape more like an airplane steering yoke than an actual circle. I noticed quite a few items on the dashboard were merely painted on, like the odometer. I climbed in the front seat, staring at my surroundings. \"This is nice,\" I said. \"Do you live here?\" She laughed. \" The amount of time I spend here, you'd think so, but no, I have an apartment.\" Kate had an expression on her face like I should know that fact, but didn't express it verbally. Books were scattered everywhere. I picked one up and saw it was Dune . The cover looked identical to the one Vanessa had been reading. \"Do you find a lot of duplicate stuff in this...place we're going to?\" \"Oh?\" Kate said. \"That's Vanessa's. I was borrowing it from her.\" \"So you have a little book club going?\" I said. \"That's cute.\" I thought I saw her blush. \"She's...one of the few doodles that I can actually have meaningful conversations about literature with.\" \"Hello, Bunny,\" said a Knight Rider -esque computer on the dashboard, a virtual equalizer moving with every syllable. \"This is Drew,\" she said. \"He's a friend.\" \"He must be , if he's riding around in your mobile bedroom.\" \"Chips, I'm a grown woman. And I singlehandedly brought down a Sentinel. I can take care of myself. Especially around this guy.\" \"Don't get overconfident,\" it said. Kate just shook her head. Our six wheeled armored carrier rolled through the garage, passing more strange and fantastic vehicles. Jayce's Wheeled Warriors . Go Bots. Disney's Cars . The Grape Ape van. We reached a ramp, passing through vaguely familiar streets. \"Is all that stuff in your comic book actually true?\" I asked. \"Did you actually fight Judge Myxo and Insectia and destroy the Atmos Terraformer?\" Yes, I may have picked up an issue or two...and maybe read it cover to cover. She smirked. \" I might have .\" \"So you climbed up on that tower and everything?\" \"It was kind of scary,\" she said. \"But it had to be done.\" She furrowed her brow. \"By the way...\" She pushed a button on my chair, and a holstered gun popped out of the side. \"You may need this.\" I frowned. \"For what?\" Kate only shrugged. I was staring again. \"Your costume looks real. Did you find that in the place we're going to, or are there regular clothing shops in Cool World?\" \"Depending on the material,\" Kate said. \"An animated piece can turn real if you wear it long enough, or if it's exposed to the wavelength of the real world for an extended period of time.\" She tugged on her top. \"I got this from an alien planet. They formed it around me using a special molding process.\" \"We should go into space some time,\" I said. \"I mean, judging by the Scooby Doo room I went through, it seems rather easy to get to.\" Kate nodded. \"That would be fun.\" Then she laughed, opening a glove box. \"You just reminded me...\" She pulled out a pair of elbow length fingerless gloves the same material and color as her costume, sliding them on. \"I forgot to accessorize.\" I grinned. \"I just thought something was missing from your costume. Of course, you look... just as nice without them.\" She snickered. I suddenly noticed she had a fancy watch thing around her ankle. A watch that looked identical to the one I'd seen Vanessa wearing earlier that day. \"I didn't know you were diabetic,\" I said. \"What?\" she said, confused. \"The watch on your ankle. It's like Vanessa's. She has diabetes.\" Kate grinned. \"That's not what it's for. Vanessa is such a bad liar. This...\" She pointed to her ankle. \"This is our superhero signal.\" \"So you and Vanessa have to run out somewhere and stop crime when you see that signal. Like when you had to fight that cyborg Brontosaurus.\" \" Bruce ,\" she said with a nod. \"Exactly.\" \"I figured that's what it was,\" I said. \"The way she stood me up...\" She laughed. \"You know, she told me she felt really bad about that ...\" \"Do me a favor,\" I said. \"If you're going to fight crime, tell me. You can take me along or make me stay at home, but I want to know what you're doing. Don't stand me up, okay?\" \"It's only fair,\" she agreed. Our vehicle passed a few more generic scenery changes, and suddenly we were rolling in front of a laundromat. Yeah. I know. Lame place for a date. But well, it was a weird laundromat . The outside of the place was just your average concrete and glass store front, its company logo a sock with the name of the business next to it. Through the windows, you could see rows of washers and driers. We got out of the vehicle. Kate pushed a button on her key fob, and the entire armored carrier folded down into a suitcase with the letters AB embossed on it. It was like something from the Jetsons . The interior of the establishment was fairly realistic. I seldom see cartoons featuring a laundromat, so maybe that had something to do with it. The patrons, at this point, did not surprise me. I saw quite a few superheroes washing their tights, or pretending to wash other types of clothing and secretly washing their tights, thinking no one was looking. I caught Generic Superman doing the latter. A couple dogs were amusing themselves with shrunken clothing. Of course, now that I think of it, most cartoon animals tend to wear tiny shirts and no pants anyway, so maybe it's a style? Of course there had to be non-traditional uses of the machinery. Beavis and Butthead, for example, were using a machine to wash a dog. I've seen them do that before, but I suppose it doesn't take much to amuse them. The attendant was a strange looking fat woman with nictating eyelids and a really wide mouth, like one of those disguised space aliens from...Men In Black, Bureau of Alien Detectors, or some other alien cartoon. I didn't really want to find out what her, his, or its story was. Amanda lead me up to one of the industrial driers, climbing inside with her suitcase. I frowned at the machine with apprehension, but then joined her when I saw a panel opening at the rear of the drum, and my new girlfriend disappearing into the dark. When in Rome... After crawling in the dark for a few moments, we emerged in a vast desert, our secret tunnel apparently a mouth-like feature in a grotto built into an immense matte painting that made me think of Road Runner cartoons. At this point, I wasn't phased by the weirdness. My only thought was: That's interesting . \"You don't seem surprised,\" she said. \"Have you been here before?\" \"What can I say?\" I answered. \"I step into an elevator, enter another dimension, and come out wearing Ghostbuster clothes. I'm almost at the point where I'd be freaking out to see something that isn't strange and unusual.\" She laughed. \"So that's why you were wearing that!\" I reddened. \"You saw me?\" Kate shook her head. \" Vanessa told me you were wearing something silly, but kinda cute...\" She cleared her throat. \" Anyways... \" She clicked the button on her suitcase, and our ride reappeared. We climbed in, and Kate pushed the pedal to the floor, sending us rocketing across the flat dusty landscape. The speedometer read ninety, then a hundred, then two hundred. Wispy clouds rolled overhead as small rocks, skulls, sagebrush and tumbleweed flew past. \"Um, Mandy?\" She frowned. \"It's Amanda or Kate or Kay. No Mandy, please. I'm not going to come and stop you from shaving .\" I grinned. \"Fine. Kay . Have you seen my dad?\" Kate nodded. \"Great. Where is he?\" \"I'll, uh, show you later .\" \"Can you...tell me anything about where he lives, or what he's doing?\" She rolled her eyes. \"He's drawing , of course. That's all he does these days. Lives in a little picture perfect house with a picket fence and all. Um, Holli didn't share in his little dream, so she dumped him.\" I supposed that explained her attempts at seduction. \"So who's he with now?\" \"Oh?\" she said. \"Some Japanese chick. Chori Tart. Something like that.\" Suddenly I didn't feel like seeing him. The situation sounded a little... awkward and I wasn't sure if I wanted to know any more. I knew I had to see him at least once, I just I figured I needed a little time to think before dropping in. \"You're right. Maybe we should go there later.\" We drove on in silence for a few minutes, staring absently at the endless stretches of desert. The uninteresting scenery reminded me, once more, that Cool World wasn't for me. \"Um, I know this might sound bad, considering how we're kind of friends and all, but I'd really like to leave this crazy place sometime, you know, go back to earth. I figure you, being a human and all, would know something about getting out.\" She glanced at me, but I couldn't tell what she was thinking. \"Anyway,\" I said. \"I'd be happy to take you with me if you wanted to come with. Maybe you could stay at my apartment or something...\" Now she looked embarrassed, which is weird, considering her present state of undress. \" Or I could help you find your own apartment , maybe take you to Walmart or something so you can wear something normal for a change.\" \"Don't you like what I wear?\" she asked. \" Yeah! \" I said. \" A little too much . That's kind of the problem. There are other people... \" \"I'd like that,\" she said. \"I mean, the apartment, Walmart, everything...\" \"So...do you know how we can get out of...Cool World?\" Kate shook her head. \"That's not so easy . I know of a few holes in the fabric of this world, but they're not very large .\" I swallowed as I thought about what Holli told me about widening them. \"What about these spikes? Don't they do anything?\" \"Some,\" she said. \"The trouble is, they're not accessible from this plane.\" \"So you're saying I'm basically stuck down here.\" She shrugged. \"You make it sound like it's a bad thing.\" I really didn't want to bring up the subject Holli mentioned. Especially in the presence of a real woman, one that saw... something in me that others didn't, but I didn't want to live in this nuthouse forever, either. \"Is there any way to make the holes bigger?\" \"I don't know,\" she said. \"There have been attempts to build machines , but I don't know what good they did.\" \"Is it true that...my dad and Holli... doing it ...expanded one of the holes in reality?\" \" That's what I heard ,\" she said. \"Was dad trapped here too? Until that happened?\" \"No,\" she said. \"The tears in reality were bigger then. Once the spike was replaced, it seems they all either shrank or disappeared. Some say there's a machine that either enlarges them or shrinks them down, but doodles that ask about it tend to disappear.\" \"Disappear?\" I said. \"Like, into reality?\" \"I don't know,\" she said. \"Rumor has it that they were just erased from existence.\" \"Great,\" I groaned. \"So you're saying I need to sleep with a doodle to get out of here.\" \" Not necessarily ,\" she said with a smirk. \"What do you mean?... You? \" She reddened, shook her head. \"I don't know. I might know some... people who could steer us in the right direction... I can't make any promises , but...\" \"Anything's worth a shot,\" I said. \"When can we start?\" Kate gave me an apologetic smile. \"Drew, this isn't going to be an instantaneous process. You could be here for a very long time. You might as well try to enjoy yourself. Besides, we're kinda sorta on a date. \" She did have a point. And I didn't mind spending some time with her. Being with her made Cool World seem a lot less stupid. \"Yeah,\" I said, making my smile noticeable. After a silent moment, I said, \"Answer me this question. How come so many things in this world are made of cardboard?\" She shrugged. \"When a person looks at a comic, they only see two dimensions. I think it has to do with where in Cool World an object is situated, and where the object is manufactured. A lot of lamp posts and beer bottles were made near the border of another reality, so they end up being flattened. \"If it's in a comic book you've seen, chances are, it's flat. Jack told me about that. The man knows a lot about comics.\" \"And nobody cares about flat sofas,\" I said. \"Doodles are fine with cardboard. They can sit on anything that looks like a chair. I...however, have to be careful when I pick my furniture.\" \"I guess you'll have to show me what to pick, if I end up shopping here.\" She made a pleased little humming sound in agreement, which made me think I had just hinted at proposing to her. You know, picking out furniture ... I decided to think about that later. Getting home was the priority. I stared anxiously at the road. \"We're going two hundred miles an hour, and the desert doesn't look any different,\" I said. \"I know,\" she replied. \"We're also having meaningful dialog. It affects the transit time.\" \"It's boring if you don't talk,\" I said. \"I know. That's why we'll hit a cut scene as soon as we stop talking for, I don't know, ten minutes?\" I laughed. \"I'm going to be in a straight jacket when this is over. I just know it.\" We sighed and silently stared at the road. The car's stereo was playing The Way by Fastball. I often wonder if that band regularly gets confused with Aerosmith. \"So,\" she said. \"Why didn't you follow in your father's footsteps and become an artist?\" I swallowed. \"Mom called them `dribblings.' She never liked the stuff I made. Said it didn't look like her. I'd make her birthday cards and she'd toss them aside or lose them in a pile of paperwork or something. \"When I told her about wanting to go to art school, she laughed and said I had no talent and I was a fool for wanting to pursue that career, as there's no money in it. Said my dad just got lucky and other artists are either unemployed or working fast food. She said my father's success was a fluke. `You're never going to find that kind of success,' she said. I believed her.\" \"So you just let her bully you into not being an artist?\" I sighed. \"It's not just her. People at school said my art sucked. They'd rip it out of my hands and draw dicks and other stuff all over it, make it look ugly. I don't know. I really don't think I'm that good, to tell you the truth. \"My art teachers weren't particularly helpful, either. Instead of steering me away from art with criticism, they did the opposite and just ignored me. I got passing grades, but it was like ` who cares ?'\" \"I'd like to see you draw something.\" I rolled my eyes. \"What, so you can laugh at it?\" \"No...\" \"I don't know. I'm not sure I feel like it. I don't think you're a fair judge. Kinda like how my dad used to take one of my pictures and say `That's great' and put it on the fridge without even looking at it. His mind was always here , you know.\" \"I'm not like that,\" she said. \"I'll be honest.\" \"I'm afraid of that too.\" \"Don't be. Draw something. If it's terrible, I won't ask you about it again. I promise.\" I rolled my eyes at her. \"Fine. But I don't see any art supplies-\" She pushed a button and my seat retracted a few feet. A trapdoor on the floor popped open, and I saw a drafting table unfolding in front of me, complete with pencils, pens and markers. \"Good grief,\" I groaned as I stared at the blank artist's tablet lying open on its center. I just stared at the page. \"Can't think of anything to draw?\" \"Um, yeah?\" I was thinking about drawing her , but she wasn't in front of me, so I thought I'd mess it up. She chuckled, then addressed the computer. \"Chips, take us to the usual place.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" it replied. Thinking I wasn't her first, I said, \"What...usual place?\" \"There's a place I visit all the time, to look for artifacts. You'll like it.\" And she climbed into the back, pulling out a bench built into a bulkead across from me. The vehicle, apparently, was driving itself, but I figured it par for the course in cartoon land. \"So you're watching me draw?\" Kate nodded. \"I figured you might want me here, to inspire you .\" I swallowed. \"Okay.\" And so I started a sketch. \"So, um,\" I muttered. \"Being as you are a stripper, I suppose this is a dumb question, but have you ever had any other boyfriends? Like in a serious relationship?\" She chuckled. \"You mean, have I ever had sex?\" Her blunt reply caused me to mess up my sketch. \"Yes. Have you ever...?\" She paused for a moment, then said, \"No.\" \"Never?\" I asked, not believing what I was hearing. \"Not ever? The whole, what, twenty years you've lived here?\" \"...No. Have you?\" I gulped. \"Almost. The other noid girl that came with me. But then Little Sneezer...sneezed, and that's how I found this place , and you .\" \"So you're not seeing her anymore?\" I shook my head. \"No, no. She ran off with a kangaroo.\" I frowned at my drawing. It didn't look anything like her. \"Can I see it?\" she said. It was ugly. Slightly masculine, even. \"I'm not done.\" She leaned over me anyway, pressing her breasts against my shoulder as she examined the drawing. The moment she looked at it, I saw the drawing move on its own accord, eyes looking straight at me, smiling. The ugly thing blew me a kiss, then waved back when Kate waved to it. \"It's cute,\" she said. \"Really?\" I cried with my hand clutching an eraser. \"It doesn't even look like you. Or even your animated sister for that matter.\" \"It's real ,\" she said. \" It's what a real ordinary person would draw. That's what's important, and that's why I'm going to frame this picture.\" \"It's an eyesore,\" I groaned. \"But it's your decision. I fear if you keep this up, I'm going to wind up like Yoko Ono, so blinded by praise that I don't know I'm making junk.\" Kate giggled. \"Is that why you ordered a hat suspended in purple liquid?\" \"No, but it's interesting that you made that connection. I bet you've seen her somewhere, haven't you? The animated version?\" She rolled her eyes. \"Yes, unfortunately.\" She gestured to the pad. \"Done?\" I nodded, so she pushed a button on the wall, causing the drafting table to retract, with the sketch pad and drawing still on it. I didn't ask about it, as toons generally do that kind of thing without getting anything mussed up or wrinkled in the process. Suddenly I heard a loud beeping from the computers. Kate rushed to the consoles, pushing buttons. \"Oh no!\" she cried. \"Not again!\" \"What is it?\" I said, dreading the answer. Hearing a chorus of angry screeching sounds, I turned and peered through the glass. Outside our vehicle, I saw a cluster of animated humanoid apes and chimpanzees clad in crude harnesses fashioned out of... real non animated objects , approaching us in armor plated open vehicles, howling as they brandished spears and rifles. \"What the hell is that?\" I yelled. \"Those,\" Kate said, pulling a machine gun off a wall rack. \"Are called The Howlers .\" She slapped a magazine into the gun, clicking the safety off. \"It's been nice knowing you.\"[Chapter 22] JESSICA [0000] All right. Screw it. No more cheesy file numbering system. (The phone keeps taking out the numbers and replacing them with blank spots anyway). You are Holli Would. You're Holli Would, I repeated to myself. Be brave. \"Yes,\" I said. \"I've always wanted to try S&M.; Well, anything sexual . Why?\" He just gave me a dumb look. \"How does it work?\" I stared at him in disbelief. \"You're asking me ?\" My new boyfriend looked embarrassed. \"Yes. I do not understand the concept, and these things have no instruction manual. Is that bad?\" I burst out laughing. \"You're serious. You don't know what you're supposed to do.\" He reddened, literally. \"You make a joke at my expense?\" I waved at the cases full of... equipment . \"Then what's all this?\" I said. \"Surely you wouldn't-\" \"It came with the apartment. The previous tenant went to jail. I kept it because it looks nice.\" I chortled through my nose, then laughed out loud. \"And you have two experts living downstairs!\" He blushed. \"I was too embarrassed to ask.\" This made me laugh more. \"Okay, Mr. Be Brave And Be Yourself!\" So...not the `rape bind torture kill' sort of guy, I decided. Feeling extremely relieved, and much more comfortable with him now, I threw an arm around his shoulder. \"Let's go have that drink.\" Around the corner lay one of those designer kitchens. Lots of clean angular lines, fancy sink, fridge set flush into the wall, stove with two dimensional burners (like fancy stoves in the real world). No visible trash can, you probably had to access it by pulling out a drawer built into the marble topped island in the center. At the rear stood a cozy little table with a couple tall stools positioned around it. Chad gestured for me to sit as he pulled a chilled bottle of...I don't know, cartoon vintage? out of the fridge. He poured some vino into a glass for me. \"So. You are an artist.\" \"Yes,\" I said, wondering if he'd spied on me, watching me sketch pictures with my underwear off. \"You told me of your difficulties. Why are you not rich and famous?\" \"Because I live, correction: lived , in the real world. It's a hard field to break into. You can't just fill out an application. There's too many artists to compete against. There really is no demand for it.\" I sighed. \"And you can never tell what these companies want.\" Chad looked puzzled, probably because he never had to fill out a job application in his entire life. I sipped the wine, which again tasted like soda pop. \"Even on the internet, there's too much competition. You get ignored. People pass your stuff by for someone with slightly more talent. Even with my degree, I have no better chance than a high school dropout. It's all about who you know, and I don't know anyone. That's why I work where I work.\" He poured a glass for himself. \"Your world sounds difficult.\" \"It is,\" I groaned. \"It is.\" As we gazed at each other, I thought I heard strains of Austin Roberts' Daydreamin ' playing from somewhere. \"I must confess to you that I have not been truthful, my sweet. I did not lose my eye in a gang fight. I am deeply ashamed to tell you this, but the injury happened when I got drunk and fell down a staircase. You see, I get so lonely ...\" \"It's okay.\" I chuckled a little. \"I actually like that story better. Thank you for sharing.\" He looked surprised. \"You do not think any less of me?\" \"Of course not,\" I said. \"To be honest, it makes me like you more.\" I smiled. \"So...\" I pantomimed dancing with my fingers on the tabletop. \"Very well, spicy peach. I shall demonstrate. Follow me, where there is more room.\" I picked up my fake wine, following him into the hardwood area between the entry hallway and a big ceiling to floor window. \"I will change,\" he said. He disappeared for literally a second, returning in a nylon bodysuit. I expected a tutu, but was glad he didn't go for something cheesy like that. I supposed he was serious . The Blue Danube Waltz started up from somewhere, and he... actually impressed me . A couple times he even scooped me into his arms, tossing me in the air, with my drink still clutched in my hand. As you may or may not know, most cartoon drinks do not spill. In fact, one time a goldfish jumped out of its aquarium, swam around in my drink while Chad was tossing me around, and jumped back in its tank like it had been choreographing the move for a long time. \"In practice, I often balance a glass of water on my nose,\" Chad explained. \" Shimmer likes to perform just as much as I do.\" When the dance concluded, I clapped in appreciation. \"Bravo!\" He blushed. \"Now I change.\" \"Why?\" I said, plucking one of his shoulder straps. \"I told you, I like a man in tights .\" He blushed more. \"Want to see my dolls?\" I giggled, wondering if his fake wine was actually making me tipsy, or if it were some sort of placebo effect. \"Sure. Lead the way.\" Hearing a voice, we both froze. Despite us being upstairs, I could very distinctly hear Harris banging on the door, arguing with Miss Terious. An intercom on a desk explained why. \"No one's here,\" I heard her protest. \"It's just Chad and his pet T-Rex. He's trying to teach it ballet. \" \"You'd better be right.\" \"Hmmm...\" I muttered. \" Maybe you were just a tad too loud... \" \"Was I not doing ballet, my love?\" \"Well...\" \"Then it is a good cover story. Let me show you my dolls.\" He led me into a little den containing black loveseats, a desk, a lava lamp, and framed landscape paintings. In the center of the room, on a coffee table stood the girliest looking dollhouse I'd ever seen. He placed a hand on it, giving me a conspiratorial grin. \"I tell everyone that it belongs to the daughter of a mobster that frequently visits me, but no, it is mine .\" I suppressed a laugh. He rang a doorbell on the little house, and an entire wall slid away, revealing an impressive doll collection, both cartoon and real. It reminded me of my bedroom when I was nine. \"And you're sure you're sure you like women?\" This embarrassed him. \"Why? Why must a man who plays with dolls and wears tights have to love men?\" \"I don't know. Good question.\" \"What would I even do with a man? They have no breasts to fondle, no...\" His eyes traced the outline of my crotch. \"No... beaver to...to dam .\" \"I agree.\" He took a Josie and the Pussycats doll off of a shelf, standing it outside the door of the house. The doll reminded me of Drew's girlfriend. I tried not to think about it. Instead I grabbed a weird looking sort of Ken doll with a dog's head, setting it down next to his doll. \"Hello, Josie!\" I made my doll say. \"Hello, handsome dog man,\" Chad made Josie reply. What followed was kind of weird. We sort of played house with the dolls, combed their hair and stuff, but then we decided the two were making out (me playing the guy and he the girl. I know, really weird.), and then we set the dolls down, got on the loveseat, and started making out for real. \"Tell me about your beaver,\" he said in between kisses. I blushed. \"There's not much to tell. I sowed him on Holli's outfit and he came to life when I arrived in Cool World.\" \"Can I touch it?\" \"Sure,\" I said, feeling kind of weird. I opened my dress, giving him access to the patch. The first time he put his hand there, my beaver bit him. \"Now Beaver!\" I scolded. \"Play nice! You might be seeing more of him.\" Beaver swallowed. \"Sorry.\" \"Try it again,\" I said. Chad did, running his finger down the creature's face, and my crotch by proxy. I drew in a shuddering breath. My beaver closed his eyes, let out a deep purr, weakening my legs with the vibrations. \"Stop!\" I shouted, though I wasn't sure if I were scolding Chad or the Beaver. \"That's enough!\" Chad jerked his hand back. I gave him a nervous laugh. \"No offense. I just want the party to last a little bit longer! \" He blushed. \"I understand.\" And then Chad and I kissed some more. \"I gotta admit,\" I muttered when we broke apart for a moment. \"You certainly aren't what I expected. You're the most interesting cartoon I've ever encountered.\" \"With your permission, I would like to make myself more interesting. Explain to me the S&M;?\" So I led him back to the glass cases of... stuff . \"There is a closet full of these things in the bedroom,\" Chad said. I pointed to a leather dominatrix outfit. \"What about that?\" He blushed. \"I do not remember. I do not open that closet often.\" \"But you do open it...\" \"You know, I get so lonely... \" \"Oh-kay!\" I said, a little disturbed. He opened the case, and I removed the costume, and a whip. \"Is there a place where I can change?\" \"Will I not see everything eventually?\" he asked. I rolled my eyes. \"It takes the thrill out of it. You got a bathroom or something?\" \"I will show you.\" He led me to a tidy designer bathroom with an expensive looking shower and a modern sink. I closed the door and changed. I'm almost positive there was something lurking in the mirror, ogling my naked body, but I kept telling myself it's no big deal, Holli wouldn't have a problem with it. My new outfit was, of course, animated. Black bikini, with a `trapdoor' between my legs and tubing running up the seams. It came with high heeled boots, gloves and a dog collar. I zipped the trapdoor shut, giving myself appraising looks, running my fingers down the side of the costume. The tubing flickered a neon pink for a split second, apparently in response to my body's, um, arousal . It made my emotions so transparent! I got scared, hesitating to even step outside. My costume went dark. \"Holli,\" I breathed, stroking my hip. The tubing flashed, but only for a second. \"So you're kicking me to the curb?\" my beaver said from the floor. \"Sorry, `Beav. I don't have an iron or a sewing kit.\" \"You don't need one. Just pick me up and slap me onto something.\" \"I don't know...I'm not sure I need you anymore. I've found... a man. \" My outfit flickered. \"He said he wants to dam a beaver ,\" the patch said. Blushing, I tugged on the patch until it came off the teddy like a piece of rubber. I only had to touch it to the crotch of my bikini to make it stick like I'd sown it on. I stuck Fifi on the bra portion. \"Merci, mon ami! \" the skunk cried with excitement. \"Okay,\" I breathed, flickering pink. \"Let's get dangerous.\" I clopped out on those ridiculous heels, stretching and curling the whip. The ballerina was drooling, literally like a dog. I closed `doggy's' mouth and asked him where the bedroom was. Yes, kind of bold. You know how a horse can `feel its oats'? I think I was feeling my suit . That's the only thing I can figure. His bedroom was interesting , to say the least. It had bondage mannequins, an iron maiden, a hanging sort of jungle gym with chains dangling from it, The Rack, and something that looked like that scary pillar statue from Hellraiser , matching, in a way, the Hellraiser cube pattern carpet and wall hangings. But then there was the pastel colored interior paint, the framed pictures of ballerinas, and dolls . Chad even had a Barbie Winnebago on a table. Okay, so maybe he had a few dolls in bondage attire, but they weren't the majority. The bedroom had large uncovered windows. If someone passed by the glass, they'd see everything, but Chad assured me it was too high up. Still, it made me uneasy. He had a queen bed with silver coverings and a wooden headboard that appeared to be modeled after something Lovecraftian, judging by the tentacles. \"You definitely have issues,\" I said. He smiled. \"Are they good issues?\" I just stared at him. Awkward silence. \"I've taken self defense classes,\" I said. \"Thought I'd let you know.\" \"That is informative . Now, please tell me what to do?\" \"Um...okay...I'd like for you to...get down on all fours. On the bed.\" \"I like this,\" he said, kneeling on the sheets. \"I'm not sure you will in a second.\" The atmospheric music changed to John Mellencamp's Hurts So Good . I cracked the whip on his backside, decided I liked it. There's something indescribably satisfying about whipping a male ballerina in leotards. I'm certain it would generate more interest in The Nutcracker if this practice became more widespread. Chad didn't agree with this assessment. His first response was, \"Ow! Why did you do that?\" \"Did you ever watch your friends downstairs?\" I chided, whipping him a second time, though a bit more gently. \"What is the purpose of this?\" \"I don't know. Isn't it turning you on or something?\" \"No. Why would someone do this?\" \"Um...\" I paused. \"Well, according to what I've read, males tend to finish before the women, and pain... extends things .\" \"Hmm...\" It seemed he would have to think about it some before deciding to accept more abuse. I let him whip me a couple times. I didn't enjoy it as much as I should have, but I figured you had to gain a tolerance for it. I had him put the whip away. I opened one of his closets, tossing him stuff that gave me ideas, a thong, boots, saddle, a dog collar and a vest. All cartoon leather. \"Uh, change out of those tights and put this stuff on. We're going to roleplay. \" He swallowed. \"Okay?\" I turned my back. \"Let me know when you're done.\" \"Done,\" he said. I spun around and found him... looking rather hot . Seeing a pink flash, I glanced down at my outfit and saw brilliant neon lines lighting up the seams. My mind made an instant comparison to the movie Tron , and I started laughing uncontrollably. Chad looked humiliated and ashamed. \"What is so funny?\" I shook my head. \"Nothing.\" I cleared my throat. \" You're a horse. Get down on all fours and let me ride you.\" He obeyed, and I climbed on. \"Giddyap.\" And so he crawled around his apartment, neighing in his little outfit. As we passed the window, I suddenly noticed a gray winged shape swooping by with a loud \"Who-o-o-o!\" I shivered a little, temporarily losing the mood. \"Chad, what the hell is that?\" \"That is Owl Woman. You should ignore her.\" \"Owl...Woman? What, does she look like an owl?\" \"No, she is a superhero. \" \"Hmm. Never heard of her.\" \"I did not say she was a good superhero. But she tries. \" \"Okay?\" \"Mostly she protects me . I have not seen her do other things. It is strange. I ask her on a date one time, but she said no. It would not be good. Maybe I compromise her secret identity. I do not know.\" \"Do you still...love her?\" \"Will you hate me if I say yes? It is not a love like I have with you. She is like a good friend. Do you understand?\" I frowned. \"Are we talking `good friend that might become something more serious,' or `good friend that I will only ever love as a sister?'\" Tired of holding me up, he laid down on the floor as he thought about it. I idly stroked his tail. \"The second one, I think. I would never want to have her playing pony with me. It is not like that.\" \"Good,\" I said. \"As long as you don't sleep with her, I'm comfortable with doing more of... what we're doing .\" I slapped his behind, playing with his tail. \"Oh not this again!\" I heard a voice complaining outside. \"At least we're both animated this time.\" It was Harris, trying to spy on me again, I guess. \"I'm still allergic to clouds!\" \"Hey, Chad,\" I said. \"Can you make some clouds, or smoke, or fog pop out your windows or something?\" He stared at me. \"Why would I wish to do that?\" \"I heard the cop saying he's allergic.\" \"Will the Owl Fog Machine do?\" I stared. \"What?\" \"It was a birthday present.\" He galloped to a machine that looked like a furnace, pushing it to an open window. He flipped a switch, and the apartment got surrounded by a thick fog. I heard a scream. Chad crawled for a few more feet, then unfastened the saddle. \"Now I ride.\" Grinning, I took up the role of horse. It was only fair. I think he got more out of it than I did. A couple times, he climbed on behind my saddle , if you catch my drift. I thought I heard a helicopter flying by. \"Chad, did you hear that?\" \"Hear what, my love?\" I frowned. \"Nothing.\" Finding a leash, I got another idea. I pushed Chad off me and standing up. \"Now you're a dog.\" I clipped the leash on his collar, giving it a playful tug. His thong bulged as I dragged him around the apartment like he was being walked. Hey, he dragged me around in dinosaur form, right? Twice I saw the gray shape of this `Owl Woman' flit past the window. One time, I even saw the mysterious phantom standing on a ledge outside the glass, silently watching. My suit's glowing tubes darkened. I decided to take Chad's advice and ignore it, or her , or whatever , focusing on... making my costume light up again . I made my kangaroo sit, stay, heel and roll over, wherein I stomped his crotch with my high heel. \"I am in pain,\" he groaned. \"I do not understand why I enjoy this.\" I stomped him again. \"It is agonizing but sexy! Please stop! A little. \" And then I dragged him onto the bed. He grabbed me, pulling me onto the covers. \"Leather passion fruit. You teach me exciting things. I am getting ideas...\" \"What...kind of ideas?\" I sort of purred. He took a ball gag out of the closet, showing it to me. \"This goes over your mouth. Yes?\" I nodded. He held it close to my face. \"May I?\" I shrugged. \"What, you don't want me to talk?\" Instead of answering, he shoves the ball into my mouth. The appliance is on upside down or something, and it's got some tricky straps to it. I get so annoyed with him that I pull it out and say, \"No, no, it goes like this.\" And I shove it into his mouth, strapping him up good. The animated material stretched to fit his muzzle perfectly. In fact, he couldn't remove it. So, um, maybe I've watched a few movies, and read a few things. The next thing he does is try to handcuff me to the bed. My hands easily slide out with a few wiggles. \"You're not doing that right,\" I laughed. I shoved him onto the mattress, slipped his wrists into the cuffs, snapped them down. He's helpless putty in my hands. I'm sure I heard Run To You by Bryan Adams starting up in the background. \"So...\" I seated myself in his lap. \"You ever did it before?\" He shook his head. His manhood throbbed against my beaver, proof that he wasn't playing for the other team, after all. \"Good.\" I unzipped my trapdoor. \"Neither have I. What do you think about, I don't know, me ripping off that thong and... familiarizing myself with what's underneath? Sound good?\" He nodded eagerly.[Chapter 23] DREW \"Howlers,\" I repeated as I stared out the window. \"What do they do exactly?\" \"Oh?\" said Kate. \"Nothing much. Just destroy people's vehicles, kill the driver and steal things.\" \"That doesn't sound very family friendly,\" I said. \"I thought cartoons aren't supposed to die.\" \"Not every doodle is immortal,\" she said. \"Doodles come in two breeds: Heavies and Lights. Lights are like Bugs Bunny. Heavies are more serious, and are susceptible to death. Anime characters, for example. And then there's an ore called Erasium, which can kill any doodle. \"Howlers carry weapons made from Erasium.\" \"Wonderful,\" I groaned. \"What other little surprises have you not warned me about?\" \"I told you you needed that gun.\" I unholstered the weapon, staring at it. It was a real gun. It looked like something the Lone Ranger would carry around. White handled six shooter with a long barrel, and it was realistically weighty. \"You are aware that I've never even seen a real shooting range?\" Kate groaned. \"Have you at least practiced at 7-11?\" \"Maybe?\" She shook her head. \"Do what you can. Noid weapons have a fifty fifty chance of killing a doodle. Howlers are part Light, part Heavy. Cross your fingers.\" The whole compartment rocked, nearly throwing me to the floor. \"We have crossed a dune,\" the computer announced. \"Sensors detecting seven unidentified vehicles, presumed hostile.\" The business end of a harpoon exploded from a wall. \"Hostility confirmed,\" the machine said. \"Switching to evasive driving mode.\" Chips swerved fast enough to throw me onto the dash. I peered out the window. Directly ahead, I could see a Nissan Z convertible with metal plates nailed over its sides. A couple gray howler monkeys in protective hubcap and padlock key chain mail stood up on the rear seat, brandishing guns. Behind them, I could see the driver, an ape with a glass dome for a skull, the transparency displaying its multicolored brains. At ten o'clock, towards the driver's, I saw an open roofed mustang occupied by gorillas. At 3:00, a dune buggy, manned by a baboon with giant metal shark teeth. At nine, I saw a chimp on a dirt bike. More vehicles rumbled around the corner, out of view. Seeing a gun aimed at me, I ducked just a second before a bullet cracked the window. I glanced back in the bedroom and saw a pair of rubber clad legs disappearing up the staircase. Kate was, undoubtedly, playing action hero. I heard a rattling sound. Spent shell casings tumbled down the steps. When I hurried over to the stairs, I found Kate crouched in the ball turret, blasting something at 4:00. I could hear apes screaming. \"Open a kill hole and start firing!\" Kate shouted down. I swallowed. \"And where are those?\" She sighed in frustration. \"Ask Chips.\" When I turned around, I suddenly noticed a slot opening next to a bookcase, beyond which I could see a pair of gray apes in a jeep piloted by what appeared to be Virgil from the Planet of the Apes , an orangutan in an orange rubber vest. The gray ones wore armor made of German and Asian coins, the type with a hole in the center, wired together to make chain mail. Yep, I thought. If this is the land of the lost stuff, money would have to be the biggest import, as the bus stations and washing machines and couches of the world would attest. I didn't know for a fact it was lost, I mean, a good cleaning could uncover some of the lost things in the world, but I did know that the stuff didn't look animated, and it had to come from somewhere. It opened several questions in my mind, but this wasn't a good time to have a philosophical discussion. One thing I did know: If I wanted to knock off one of those gray apes, I'd need to aim for the head. The stereo was now playing Asleep at the Wheel by the Bloodhound Gang. Deciding it was a bad idea to kill a presumably peace loving creature, I aimed for one of Virgil's gun toting pals, pulling the trigger. Of course I missed. The gun kicked and hit air instead of the ape's head. Aim low. I should have learned that lesson back in Cub Scouts, when we were shooting BB guns. The gray ape growled angrily, firing a machine gun at me. I ducked, but the bullets ripped through the bulkhead like pencils through tissue paper. Erasium. I figured it might not hurt me, but I didn't want to test my theory. \"Get back,\" I heard Kate hissing behind me. No sound of feet on metal. It was almost like she had learned stealth techniques from cartoon characters. \"I didn't hear you come down,\" I said. \"I know,\" she replied. \"But how-?\" She didn't let me finish. \"No time. Move.\" I got back, flinching as I heard the gun turret going off upstairs...by itself. Kate reached into her top, pulling out a pair of glowing Mickey Mouse gloves. This she pulled over her hands, wiggling all four digits. Four. Not five. \"Kay?\" I said. She slid a metal plate away from part of a bulkhead, revealing an armadillo in a cage. \"Huh?\" \"Your gloves have only four fingers. Where are your pinkies?\" She shrugged. \"I don't know. They come back when the gloves are off.\" She then removed the animal from its cage. I frowned. \"What are you doing?\" \"You'll see,\" she said. \"This isn't Mario Kart,\" I said. \"They have guns.\" Kate just laughed and flipped open the lid to a torpedo tube that... wasn't there before , shoving the creature inside. She slid open a small window, rapidly repositioned the tube with a pair of hand cranks, fired the `torpedo.' A second later, I heard shrieks. Through the bullet holes, I saw the armadillo impacting one of the gray apes, causing instant leprosy. Unrealistic, yes, but I wasn't complaining. The non-leprous ape tried to shove the leper off the vehicle, but in touching him, the other caught it, then Virgil caught it from him. The jeep swerved, hit a sand dune, and flipped over, tires spinning in the air. Kate removed the gloves, stuffing them into her top, below her cleavage. \"Wait,\" I said. \"Won't that make your breasts...?\" \"They haven't yet.\" It seemed the animators there did not have OCD. \"Well thank God for that!\" Something went \"Poo poo poo!\" and the whole vehicle rocked. Kate pushed a button on one of our monitors, and I saw the chimp on the dirt bike... spitting fireballs at us . It reminded me of a video game character I saw somewhere. \"As if this place couldn't get any weirder.\" \"I know,\" she said. \"Toki used to be such a nice monkey.\" She opened the driver's side window, fired off a few rounds, and the chimp went flying off his motorcycle, into the dirt. I looked around and saw boots stomping up the stairs again. \"Five vehicles remaining,\" Chips said. I heard something clank against the side of our ride, then a hole appeared in the bulkhead along the passenger side. When I crept over that way, I saw the monkey with the metal teeth ripping more metal away with its mouth. I pointed my gun in its face, pulling the trigger. Jaws caught the bullet in its teeth, swallowing it. I fired two more shots, but they didn't go anywhere either. In fact, the creature bit off the barrel of my gun. The monkey jumped through the hole, tackling me to the floor as it tried to bite my head off. I held it away from me, but it wasn't easy with all that biting. I punched the thing in the face a few times, but it snapped its teeth at me, so I rolled over, beating the creature against the floor. That's when a pair of baboons popped through the hole to assist their comrade. Before I could prepare myself, one of them hit me in the head with a shamanic conjuring staff, knocking me away from Jaws. I staggered, trying to keep my footing, but a pile of books, including The Butterfly and the Diving Bell , Walden by Henry David Thoreau and something from the Barsoom trilogy went sliding underfoot, threatening to knock me to the floor. I had to kick aside a copy of Left Hand of Darkness to remain standing. The baboon swung again, but I caught the staff when it hit me, using it to hurl the monkey out the hole. Of course, as I'm doing that, I'm also dodging both Jaws and the other baboon. While I watched the dune buggy rolling over the baboon's head, the fist of the surviving one hit me in the face, and Jaws tried to snap my throat open. I turns out the birds I had previously dislodged with my beating cartoon heart had somehow gotten back into my suit, for they, startled by the toothy attacker, chose to burst out of my pocket, fluttering and pecking at his eyes. \"Thank you!\" I breathed. A smaller bird whistled warningly, pointing a wing at the baboon swinging a staff at my head. I ducked, and when I stood back up, I noticed Kate pushing past me with a container of black pepper, which she dumped into her hand and blew upon. The pepper dispersed into my assailants' faces, and they sneezed so hard that they went flying out into the wasteland. The driverless dune buggy careened off into a mound of sand. Stick that into your Circle of Life! I thought. I turned around to speak to Kate, but she was gone again. Since the driver's side was unoccupied, I peeked around the seat to find a black van manned by gorillas in leather armor firing a Gatling gun out the sliding door. Its bullet ridden panels and obliterated vacant rooftop cannon indicated it had been what Kate had been shooting at all this time. The gorillas gave me a nasty grin, and the Gatling gun ripped through the windshield and drivers' window. I briefly wondered if this were just an average day for Kate, or if someone had it out for her. I supposed both could be true. The soundtrack changed to Flash of the Blade by Iron Maiden. My turret gunner picked off one of the gorillas, but then I heard her shouting, \"I'm out! Go get the Law's Rifle!\" Seeing a missile launcher on a rack, I took it down, and when I turned to look for Kate, she was already taking the weapon out of my hands. \"How did you get to be so fast?\" I asked. \"You're like the Road Runner!\" She giggled. \"Thank you. I think it's...all these years of eating cartoon food. Do me a favor. Grab a gun off the wall and watch the passenger side.\" Nodding, I pulled a rifle and some shells off the wall. When I turned around, she was already in the front seat, pointing the launcher. Boom! The explosion rocked our armored carrier, but I didn't have the luxury of checking to see what happened. My birds were pointing at a Land Shark rolling up alongside me, a car bearing a sock monkey with a pistol, an Uzi bearing Caesar from Planet of the Apes , and King Louie from The Jungle Book . I chambered a round, waited for them to get within my sights, then blew a hole in the sock monkey. I know. Lucky shot. Well, not really. Being a sock money has its advantages. The thing was completely unphased. The sock monkey blasted a hole in my suit, grazing my shoulder. I ducked behind a bulkhead, popped in a couple shells, and waited. No shots were fired. I thought it was safe at first, but as soon as I tried to peer around the corner, someone tried to blow my head off. I laid flat, crawling beneath the ragged chunk of metal that Jaws had left untouched. Mustering my courage, I readied the rifle, popped up, and fired indiscriminately. At the very same time, I saw Caesar firing right at my head. I ducked back down, but it was too late. I had felt something wet exploding from my head, warm liquid trickling down my face. I touched the wound, stared at my fingers. The blood was an unnatural neon red, making me think about how they said Officer Harris became a doodle. Well, Vanessa, I thought. I guess we'll be together after all. But then I noticed the fat blue object sprawled on the floor next to me. It was the baritone Car-X bird. The apes had blown several large holes in his little body, bright blood pouring out the wounds. I touched my forehead again and suddenly realized that my skull was intact. The blood hadn't been mine...and there were feathers stuck in it. The little guy must have swooped down in the path of the machine gun fire to save my life. To save me ! \"You dumb little bird,\" I whispered. \"Why did you do it?\" The creature shrugged its wings and made a little \"I dunno\" sound. That made it worse. With tears rolling down my cheeks, I choked down a sob, trying to retain my composure. \"You dumb little bird!\" A cartoon character. Just a bunch of blobs of paint that someone slapped on a piece of transparent plastic, and here I was crying over it. Because the damned thing saved me. Because it somehow thought I was worth dying for. I unthinkingly wiped my eyes and touched the bird, I guess because I wanted to give him a proper burial or something, but of course we were under attack, so I had more pressing matters to attend to... like living. \"Trouble?\" I heard Kate saying behind me. \"I nearly got killed!\" I said. \"These guys are professionals!\" When she saw the bird, she sniffed and knelt next to it, croaking, \"That is so sad!\" She wrapped the bird in a towel, laid it on the bed, and reached for a flintlock. A dubious weapon choice, but I suppose we were running low. The moment her hand closed around the handle, a two pronged serving fork embedded itself in her wrist. She screamed. \"Kate!\" I cried. I glanced back and saw the source of the attack, a freakish looking white ape with metal goggle things for eyes, and an unusually shaped machine gun loaded with cutlery. \"Are you all right?\" I said, but when I looked back at her, she was holding the fork, and her wounded arm didn't appear to be so. \"I'm fine,\" she said. \"This outfit...it's not just a costume.\" She slapped the wound. \"Quick. Close your eyes.\" I frowned. \"Why?\" \"Just do it!\" she snapped. I did what I was told. I heard an animal scream. When I opened my eyes, I saw her kneeling over the beast's corpse. She shot me an annoyed glare. \"Keep them shut!\" I shut them again. I heard something explode. I opened my eyes and found that Kate had disappeared. Thinking she was up on the turret, I climbed the stairs, but I didn't see anything but an erratically swerving PT Cruiser and the Land Shark banging the side of our vehicle. I decided, if I ever lived through this thing, I would have to talk to someone about getting me my own super suit like Kate's, preferably one with pants. When I came down the stairs, I was greeted by gun toting Caesar. I raised my hands in surrender. \"Hey, uh, look. I have nothing against apes. I really don't like fighting. I think apes and humans should live freely, in harmony, without putting anyone in a cage. Oh, and sorry about Virgil and the others. It really wasn't my idea.\" Caesar paused, as if giving my speech serious thought, then slapped a cartridge into his gun. \"Howlers don't enslave. Howlers kill.\" I ducked, but his gun followed me. As he was squeezing off a burst of automatic fire, I suddenly saw a cloud of yellow feathers obscuring his head, and the bullets went spraying into the bulkhead and the computers instead of me. Seizing my chance, I charged at the monkey headfirst, bashing him into a wall. I ripped the gun out of his hands, contemplated shooting him, but then decided against it on the basis of how nice Caesar usually was in the films and cartoons. Instead I hit him in the head with the butt of his gun, dumping him out the hole in the side of the vehicle. Sure, it did nothing to improve ape-human relations, and might have ended with his head under someone's tires, but one thing movies and cartoons have taught me is that a villain is not something you want hanging around in your base, even in a holding cell. Suddenly I noticed a yellow object perching on my shoulder. It looked like the dead bird. Exactly like the dead bird. But yellow. And alive. The bird smiled and lovingly nuzzled my neck. \"I couldn't tell you before,\" Kate said with a smile as she stroked the creature's head. \"But when you cry over a dead doodle, sometimes you can bring it back.\" I stared at a bullet hole in one of her rubber ears. For some reason it had not knocked off her headdress. \"Did you get rid of that Nissan?\" \"Not yet,\" she said. And then I heard the sound of automatic gunfire. Kate stiffened. It seemed someone had shot her from behind. Looking past her, I could see the ape with the exposed brain, a machine gun clenched in its paws. \"Close your eyes,\" Kate gasped, clearly in pain. \"Why?\" I said. \"So I won't see you die?\" She shook her head. \"Just do it.\" Since she was real, I somehow doubted my tears could save her, so I began to despair. \"Why do I have to close my eyes-?\" \"No time to explain. Shut your damn eyes!\" Thinking I was giving her last request, I obeyed. I heard gunfire, an animal shriek, and shattering glass. When I opened my eyes, I saw her throwing our killer `Mojo Jojo' out the hole. \"So,\" I said, leaning on a wall next to her. \"Tell me this. When I close my eyes, do you change into a superhero? Am I shutting my eyes to protect your secret identity? Or are you using some secret ninja technique that you are forbidden to show me?\" \"Yes,\" she said. I frowned. \"That really doesn't answer my question.\" She shook her head. \"Now is not the right time.\" I raised my hands in surrender. \"You're right. Let's get these monkeys taken care of first.\" We peered out the hole, but saw nothing but desert. Kate hurried to the computers, but of course they were shot full of holes. \"Chips!\" she shouted. \"Status report!\" \"My sensors are damaged, but readings suggest no enemy vehicles. Left rear tire is flat, but middle left is holding. Gasoline reservoir is leaking, half a tank remains. Switching to post consumer waste to conserve fuel. Oil adequate, coolant needs refilling but is sufficient. Exterior damage is quite excessive.\" \"I wonder what happened to the Land Shark?\" I muttered. \"Vehicle appears to have made a strategic retreat,\" Chips said. \"Chips, let's make a repair stop,\" Kate said. The vehicle obeyed. \"It is a pleasure to serve you.\" \"We're going to stop in the middle of a desert?\" I said. Kate nodded. \"Why not? The repairs have to be made sometime!\" We were in the middle of nowhere, but I supposed she was right. If things weren't fixed, we might not make it...unless, of course, Cool World didn't care about the ordinary minutiae of auto mechanics. To my chagrin, I saw Kate pulling a paintbrush and a bucket out of a cabinet. \"What are you going to do with that?\" I said. \"You'll see.\" I followed her out of the vehicle, to the gas tank at the rear, watching as she slapped paint over a row of fuel leaking bullet holes. \"That's not going to-\" I couldn't finish the thought. The holes were gone. \"Okay,\" I said. \"The tank really should have exploded from the bullets anyway.\" \"It isn't noid gas,\"she said as she crawled under the machine, painting over damaged areas. \"Doodle gas gets more miles to the gallon.\" \"So you're just going to paint this thing back in shape?\" \"Uh-huh.\" I rolled my eyes. \"As long as it works.\" I watched her paint the flat tire back into shape, then puff on the valve stem... making it inflate . \"You are a superhero,\" I said. \"Aren't you?\" Kate filled the tire and screwed the cap back on. \"You read my comics. You should know I'm a superhero. Technically a superheroine , if you want to be proper.\" She patted the tire. \"Of course, this is a cartoon radial. Even you could probably inflate it.\" She painted over some more bullet holes. \"I know if the love interest of the superhero or superheroine finds out the superhero's secret identity, they end up getting kidnapped or even killed, but I don't care. I like my relationships to mean something.\" \"You're dating a stripper,\" she said, covering another hole. \"You can't tell me that a stripper doesn't occasionally want a meaningful relationship.\" Kate sighed, leaning on the side of the vehicle as she gazed into my eyes. \"One thing Cool World has taught me is that everything depends on timing.\" She wrapped her arms around me, warming me with her breath as her paintbrush dripped down my back. The hole in my suit vanished. \"When the right time comes, I fully intend to tell you everything you could possibly want to know about me, and then some . But now is not the time.\" \" When is the right time?\" I asked. \" Tonight,\" she said. \"There are a few things I can only show you then. I want this to be perfect .\" I swallowed. \"What, are you going to show me the Batcave or something?\" She giggled. \"Something like that.\" I laughed. \"That's right. You have The Bunny Burrow. I completely forgot.\" Grinning, she said, \"Oh yeah. I could show you that, too .\" I stared at her. \"That's...not what you're talking about, is it?\" \"It could be ,\" she said. \"I'll tell you later.\" And she marched up to the shattered front section, painting the glass back into place. \"I wish I had something like that in the real world,\" I said. \"All I have is auto insurance.\" I watched her open and door and climb up on the driver's seat, painting the rest in. My golden bird hopped on my shoulder, gently pecking my neck. I smiled and held him in my hands. \"I think we've just become best friends,\" I said to it. \"Do you have a name, little guy?\" \"I'm sorry, I'm not contracted for any speaking roles,\" it said, then covered its mouth in horror. I smiled. \"I won't tell anyone.\" And then an idea popped in my head. \"How about I call you Extra?\" The bird put a wing tip to its beak in thought, then shook its head. I opened my mouth, but then it nodded, I guess changing its mind. \"Extra it is, then.\" The bird replied by singing You Made Me So Very Happy . Kate finished repairing our ride, and we both climbed back in, watching the desert pass by as the vehicle resumed its course. \"Do we really have to wait ten minutes?\" I said. \"It varies,\" Kate replied. \"And sometimes it's faster if you say hints about scene changes, like `I wonder how So And So is doing' or if you are about to give away too much of the plot before the right scene.\" \"I'm not a psychic,\" I said. \"So that probably won't work.\" I cleared my throat. \"Gee, I wonder how dad is doing!\" Nothing happened. \"I think they're wrong,\" said Kate. \"You do look like him. You both look very Italian , what, with that long nose and face, and that dark hair.\" \"Um, yeah.\" I said. \"I suppose I do get that from him.\" \"Would it be weird if I told you I found that kind of sexy?\" I swallowed. \"No, I suppose not ...\" \"Tell me something about... your dad . What was he like when he wasn't drawing pictures? What do you remember the most about your father?\" \"Honestly?\" I said. \"It's going to sound strange, but what sticks out in my mind the most is all those times, when, left to his own devices, he'd eat cold hot dogs. He'd take them uncooked from the fridge and scarfing them down without a bun or anything, kind of like an animal. Then there were the plain sandwiches he'd make out of butter and bread. Oh, and he'd squeeze Easy Cheese on his fingers instead of putting it on crackers or something. I think it explains a lot about his lack of restraint.\" She laughed. \"I take it he wasn't that great of a chef.\" I shook my head. \"He knows one or two things, but it doesn't quite go beyond the mac and cheese category.\" \"But you can do better.\" I shrugged. \"I'm not going to open an eatery, but I know some stuff. I know how to make burgers and fried fish. All I'm saying is, if and when I am reduced to the point of eating raw hot dogs, I'd know that something has gone terribly wrong.\" Kate grinned. \"I think I've found myself a new chef!\" This made me blush. I didn't know exactly how to reply to that, so I didn't. I just nodded. There was an awkward silence. Feeling something tickling my arm, I looked down and saw that it was an insect. Not Jiminy Cricket or some other cartoon bug. An actual insect. No. Wait. It wasn't. I was looking at a scratch mark made by an ink pen. The legs and feelers were nothing more than lines. It reminded me of those wispy long legged spiders that crawl down your wall, thinner and wispier than even a Daddy Longlegs, or those mosquito-like strider things that creep down the blinds. It made my flesh crawl. Shuddering in disgust, I squished the hideous thing into the door. \"Sorry about that,\" Kate said. \"I don't know how those get in.\" I sighed, staring at the squished... thing . It was now just a black ink blob on the door, but I kept waiting for it to start moving again. \"Can I ask you a weird question?\" Kate asked suddenly. I raised an eyebrow. \"Uh...I guess?\" \"Do you get turned on by failure?\" I stared at her in shock. \"What the hell kind of question is that?\" \"I'm not sure,\" she said. \"I noticed that you kinda, um, frowned and squirmed, you know, sort of sexually , when you were unhappy with your drawing, and I started wondering if that's what it was.\" \"Um,\" I stammered, but I was too embarrassed to say more than that. At last I said, \"I think you hang around cartoon villains too much. I really can see some of them getting off on that sort of thing.\" \"I don't hang around that many villains,\" she said. \"Do you really think that's what it is?\" I frowned. \"I don't know.\" Another awkward moment. Perhaps to spare me more embarrassment, she blurted, \"You know, sometimes, when I'm trying really hard to do something right, achieve success, whatever, and I find myself failing miserably at something, the frustration, I don't know, sometimes it gets me horny . I'm not sure why that is, it just does . Am I crazy, or do you get that too?\" I frowned. \"I... sometimes . Especially when I'm driving and I've missed the job interview and the car's knocking because the tank is empty from me driving around lost...\" I paused and thought about it for a moment. \"I always thought it had something to do with rebelling against my parents, you know, getting excited about not doing what you're told, and getting a job or whatever.\" She sighed. \"Yeah...\" \"So now I'm curious,\" I said. \"What have you failed?\" \"Well,\" she said, blushing a little. \"My...adopted parents wanted me to get a real human education, so they paid top price for Cool World's greatest tutors to come instruct me. \"I sort of underperformed . I got distracted with superhero stuff, so my grades, as arbitrary as they were, were terrible. The funny thing is, the more I failed, the more I got excited. I felt terrible, but, well, my crotch had its own ideas.\" She shrugged. \"I've always wondered about that. It's not anything particularly sexy.\" Underperforming, I thought. That's me all over. \"Anything you've failed at more recently?\" Kate frowned. \"Um, Spiderman wanted me to deliver something to his mother's house, medicine or something, and a gang of thugs stopped me halfway there. \"Before I beat the crap out of them, they destroyed the medicine. I felt really bad about that too, but I sort of resented Spiderman for making me do stuff he's too lazy to take care of himself, and that's probably why it turned me on, I guess.\" I momentarily felt sorry for Spiderman, but then again, he's fictional, so I didn't care that much. Excited by failure. It was a depressing idea, but I appreciated how she could verbalize something I'd been struggling with for years. For a moment, I just silently contemplated this, but then I felt a bump. When I looked up, I saw... holes ahead of us. Holes in front of me, above me, around the vehicle on all sides. A world full of holes. The armored carrier rattled and bumped as it rolled over them, jostling us in our seats. Aside from these black rounded shapes, the sky and ground was a flat titanium white surface. Oddly familiar. When I heard Nowhere Man by the Beatles, everything clicked into place. I'd seen this exact scene in the Yellow Submarine cartoon. John, Paul, George and Ringo popping their heads out of holes and going \"hello!\" I always hated that song. Especially in high school, where I was the Nowhere Man. Making my nowhere plans on Friday nights. My nowhere plans for the prom. I didn't actually see the Nowhere Man from the cartoon, but I did see the Beatles. The armored carrier bounced unpleasantly as it rolled them under its tires. And then we saw it. The Land of the Lost stuff. It was like an immense junkyard, but unlike the home of the Cat-Illac-Cats, everything was real. Sparkling and semi-new mountains of lost treasure, ranging from the Marie Celeste and TBM Avengers to mountains of pennies and other types of coinage that `eroded' to form most of the `ground' in these parts. \"All of this junk is lost?\" I said as I stared at a towering mountain of television, DVD and cable remote controls. \"Yes. Anything from an umbrella to a suitcase to the contents of a change purse.\" \"And...how does it get here?\" \"Dark places like the insides of a couch and the Bermuda Triangle are along weak points in the wavelengths of both our realities, so crossover is frequent.\" \"So I could potentially find a way home through here.\" She frowned. \"...No. Stuff comes in, all right, but nothing really leaves. It's like the intake valve on a jet engine. Jack said he spent a year wandering around this place, just trying. No luck.\" \"And you can't make the jet engine go backwards.\" \"I'm pretty sure that would destroy the fabric of Cool World.\" \"What about Sneezer?\" I said. \"If there isn't a way out, how did he get into the Union Plaza?\" \"He's animated, and he's small. He can squeeze out of little openings.\" But that troubled her. \"You're right. It shouldn't have worked. We'll have to ask him about that later.\" \"I'm assuming he was next to the spike.\" It didn't look like Kate accepted that answer either. \"You think it had something to do with me being a Deebes, or...\" I hadn't given her Jessica's name, and there wasn't much of a point in doing so now. \" The other noid girl having all those things Holli owned?\" \" Maybe. \" I stared at mountains of unfiled tax paperwork, utility and credit card billing statements, car titles, jury summons, proofs of college loan repayments, scraps of paper containing addresses and phone numbers and car keys, thinking it was the most awesome or most tragic thing that ever beset mankind. So many hours of conflict and strife, when it was here the whole time. I grinned. \"One time I left a jacket in a movie theater and it disappeared. You think it's in here somewhere?\" \"I don't know,\" she said. \"If it got stolen, it's not exactly lost.\" \"That's true,\" I sighed. She parked Chips in front of a mountain of books next to a larger mountain of packages. The books and brown boxes intermingled with each other, and with Mount Magazine, as if defiantly telling the universe, \"I dare you to find something in this mess!\" In the distance, I could see an animated Beetlejuice and Lydia surfing down a mountain of coins. Kate got out, digging through the pile. I tried to follow, but ended up slipping on an old issue of Gamepro and tripping on a box labeled Bebe, causing a `bookslide.' \"Careful!\" Kate laughed. \"If you get buried, I'm not sure I'll be able to locate you again!\" Groaning, I waded through the books and magazines until I reached her spot. The girl glanced at a copy of Twilight , tossed it, flipped through a few pages of Odd Thomas , then deposited a dogeared copy of The Hound of the Baskervilles into the carrier. I frowned at a Game Genie code book. \"Is this where you go to shop, then?\" She squinted at a Xanth novel with an expression of suspicion. \"Pretty much.\" It seemed she didn't like the book, for a couple seconds later, she was hurling it like a baseball, into a mountain of screws, washers and nuts, likely belonging to one of those Japanese appliances you have to assemble yourself. \"Bad book?\" She stuck out her tongue. \"Why would I want to read about another world full of puns?\" \"Why indeed,\" I chuckled. Kate lobbed another Piers Anthony into the nut pile. \"Do monkeys normally harass you while you hang out here?\" Kate looked troubled. \"Some...times.\" \"Well, I guess they're out of your hair now.\" As I said this, I couldn't help but admire her pigtails. Thinking in puns. I figured the place was getting to me. We spent probably an hour wandering around, `shopping.' It turned out that Kate and I had similar tastes in literature. In fact, many times she would show me a book she was unfamiliar with and ask me for my opinion, since we thought so much alike. When we at last finished that, we boarded Chips and drove to... a baseball diamond . A real baseball field, or rather a T-ball field, like the ones you see in little public parks, with well preserved grass in the outfield... and a cornfield at the outskirts . \"Whoa!\" I cried. \"What is this?\" \"A baseball field. What does it look like?\" \"But how did it get down here? It looks perfect!\" \"It fell, I guess. Earthquake, sinkhole, something like that. Wanna play?\" \"Sure,\" I said. \"You got a ball or gloves or anything?\" Kate opened the back of the vehicle, tossing me the requested items. The gloves were made out of blue-gray rubber, but I figured a glove was a glove. I wasn't in the major league or anything. I glanced down at my clothing, then at hers. \"Won't you...ruin your outfit... sliding to home or whatever?\" She shook her head. \"If you've read as many comics as you think you have, then you'd know that I've worn this costume while running through burning buildings, fighting assassins in a sandstorm, diving in thorn bushes, even rock climbing , without a snag or a single rip. I think it can handle a little a few short runs around a baseball diamond.\" I burst out laughing. \"You have a point.\" I supposed that even if she were wrong, dress really didn't matter for such an informal game. We started with a little practice. \"I love how ordinary this is,\" she grinned, throwing me the ball. \"Just catching and throwing, focusing on timing, pitches and being in the right place for the catch.\" I threw her one. It missed, but she seemed to enjoy running to catch it. \"You know what's really great?\" She tossed the ball over my head. \"It's great how you can't stretch your arms a million miles. You have to actually dive for the ball and get hurt. It's so normal! \" She made the word sound like it were the new \"romantic.\" I liked that about her. We practiced like this for awhile, then tried our hand at batting. \"I haven't touched a bat since I was a kid,\" I said as I made a few practice swings. The bat, although blue-gray, felt like it were made of aluminum, and I was eager to hit something with it. \"Were you on a team?\" she said as she wound up. \"Yeah. But I can't for the life of me remember the name of the team. Probably the Runners or the Speedies or something.\" She threw the ball, but I missed it. And so we took turns doing that for awhile. We both sucked, but we just laughed about it. \"Doodles always make fun of me because I hit the ball over the foul line or up by the pitcher's mound,\" Kate said. \"Of course, they always hit it through the moon , or around the world . You're actually the first ordinary person I've ever played with.\" I smiled, but felt sorry for her. \"It's too bad we don't have enough players to start a real game...\" In response, Kate whistled, and instantly I see a familiar red and white convertible pulling up at the edge of the park, bearing, of course, the Cat-Illac-Cats. The whole crew was there. Riffraff, Hector, Wordsworth, Mungo and Cleo. They were all in baseball outfits. \"Wait,\" I said. \"How did they know?\" Kate shrugged. \"How does anyone know anything here?\" I stared at her. \"I...guess you have a point.\" \"Okay, okay. So I texted them. \" It was unbelievably weird to see Mungo without his stupid little ski cap, or Wordsworth without his yellow earphones or skates, but that's how they were dressed. White Sox uniforms and baseball caps. \"You have got to be kidding me!\" I said with dismay. \"What,\" said Kate. \"Cleo's my best friend.\" I swallowed. \"What about Riffraff? He threatened me .\" She just laughed. \"Relax, Drew. He won't hurt you. He's pussywhipped . Just keep your eyes on the ball.\" I groaned at the pun. \"That's great. But I think there's a conflict of interest. Don't get me wrong, great opposing team, but, you know, I don't want to even stand next to Cleo and get the guy pissed off.\" \"Who else we got?\" Kate called. Riffraff hit the trunk of the Cadillac and out popped Sneezer. He had a ball glove and an Oakland Athletics outfit on. \"Nice uniform,\" I said as he approached me. \"That team just so happens to be the lowest team on the Major League Baseball totem pole, second only to, maybe, the Kansas City Royals.\" \"It was on sale,\" he said. \"Okay,\" I said. \"We got three .\" Extra popped out of my pocket, chirping a cavalry bugle call. \"Sorry, Extra,\" I said. \"I don't think that would be fair.\" The bird stuck its beak into my ear, speaking in a whisper. \"How about if I don't fly?\" I shook my head. \"You're just too small. When I said it wouldn't fair, I didn't just mean it would be unfair to them .\" Extra sighed and nodded. Like a strange version of Field of Dreams , I saw other characters marching out of the cornfield, clad in baseball outfits and carrying gloves. The moose and beaver from Get-Along-Gang , who had chosen, ironically enough, the blue of Kansas City. Sabrina the skunk in a pantless baseball uniform. The Sailor Moon cage dancer, wearing kind of a Oakland A's outfit with a skirt. And then I saw...Shaggy and Scooby, similarly dressed for the occasion, and the gorilla bouncer from the Halftone Club...in an umpire's costume. This was going to be a weird game. The weirdness didn't end there. When Riffraff ran out to the cornfield and yelled, more odd characters came out of the woodwork, this time in White Sox uniforms. The pole dancing Persians. An Anime catgirl. Gosalyn Mallard from Darkwing Duck. And Dogbert . \"I hear you guys want to play Noid Ball,\" Riffraff said. \" And I hear there's going to be a wager.\" I frowned at him, crossing my arms. \" A wager .\" The cat nodded. \"I wasn't aware of any wager.\" \"That's not what your girlfriend told me over the phone.\" I stared at Kate in disbelief. \"When were you going to tell me about this ?\" She only gave me a shrug. \"How did you even have time to contact them?\" \"Oh, I made time,\" she said vaguely. I shook my head. \"Okay. What's the wager?\" \"Four innings, regulation baseball,\" she said. \"If you win, Riffraff will do everything within his power to find you a way back home.\" I gulped. \" No pressure . So what if I lose?\" \"You,\" the cat said, poking my stomach. \"Will be my slave for an entire year .\" \"Starting tomorrow,\" Kate agreed. I scowled at her. \"And you negotiated this bargain without even telling me.\" She grabbed my shoulders, bringing me close as she looked into my eyes. \"You...have no room to talk.\" I blushed. \"I'm not sure I know what you're talking about.\" \"Oh yeah? You sure you never promised anyone a free show if they gave you your wallet back?\" I cringed. She had me dead to rights. Sighing, I said, \"Fine. It's a deal.\" I just knew this wasn't going to be pretty.[Chapter 24] \"Four innings,\" I repeated. Kate nodded. \"To be honest, we only need two to beat you,\" Riffraff said with an evil laugh. I gave Kate a pleading glance, wondering if we should just give up and accept the terms of surrender. She seemed... overconfident . \"This isn't going to work,\" I said. \"We're noids and they're animated. There's no way we can win.\" \"We can set the rules, Drew. You won't know unless you try.\" \"But it's a year... \" I said. \"I've done it before. It's not going to kill you. And if you win, you'll have a way home!\" \"Sure,\" I groaned. \"Whatever.\" I glared at the cat, wondering what sort of sadistic torture he had in store for me, in the highly probable event that I lost the game. He gave me a mischievous smile, his teeth sparkling to emphasize the mockery. There was no way I would commit to a year of service. I had no intention of staying in this Looney bin for that long. After all, no one said I had to honor my word. \"The name of the game is Noid Ball,\" Kate said. \"Drew here will tell you the rules.\" \"Really?\" I stammered. \"Cool.\" \"They will be fair and balanced, just like the rules of baseball in the human world,\" Kate said. \"If we win, it will be because of skill. If we fail, it will not be because you are cartoons, it will be because you beat us fairly.\" \"I hope you're right,\" I said. \"I somehow don't think this is going to end well.\" \"It's a year of service , Drew. It's not the end of the world.\" \"Fine.\" I glanced at the handful of cats staring up at me. The doodles were already practicing, tossing balls back and forth with the instrumental version of the old children's alphabet song playing in the background. Just observing them told me what rules I had to lay down. \"Let's get everyone together,\" Kate said. \"This is important.\" She and Riffraff whistled and yelled the other players in. Once everyone was looking at me in attention, I took a deep breath and began. \"I'm sure you know how to play regular baseball. I've seen enough cartoons to know you probably have. This one is a little more challenging. Because you all have an obvious unfair advantage against me, I want this equally balanced...\" We established the rules. No use of super stretch limbs, no unfair running speeds, no superpowered cartoon sports equipment, or baseballs hit or pitched exceeding seventy miles per hour that burn holes in gloves, inanimate objects or other players. No talking baseballs or other gag objects. No super jumps or trick pitches that defy the laws of physics. \"Um, Kate,\" I said. \"How are we going to check all this stuff?\" She clapped her hands, and suddenly that red masked guy from He-Man with the floating chair materialized. Zodak, I think his name was. \"I have been watching and listening,\" the man said with a mysterious, faraway sounding voice. \"And I suggest you add another rule to promote fairness between noids and doodles. So far no one has mentioned frame rate.\" \"Right,\" Kate said. \"Rule seven. No frame rates below thirty frames per second are allowed. No Flash Gordons.\" On cue, the actual Flash Gordon groaned and walked away. I suppose he wasn't in uniform anyway. \"We must see your limbs at all times,\" Kate continued. \"If we see you moving at illegal speeds, we will bump the frame rate up to forty.\" As she said this, all the animated characters around us began turning little dials on their arms to comply. I still wondered if the chosen speed of successive images was high enough. \"You can't literally steal a base and go home with it,\" Kate said. \"Otherwise we won't have anything to run to.\" Several doodles groaned in response. Gosalyn raised a feathered hand. \"Do you have a question, Ms. Mallard?\" I asked. \"Yes,\" she said. \"Do I always have to stand at the foul line, or is that just a figure of speech?\" \"It's a figure of speech, sweetie,\" Kate said. She sighed in relief. The gorilla wrote the rules down on a little card, which he stuffed inside his protective vest. Zodak had his on a little computer attached to his floating throne. And so we played our first inning. I noticed that our theme song was Count Basie's Did You Hear Jackie Robinson Hit That Ball. It seemed the guy in Cool World's sound booth was either being overly optimistic, or intentionally mocking us. It turns out that cartoons can play normal, especially with normal baseballs. That didn't make my team suck any less. As the player of honor, I batted first. When I approached the plate, I got a flashback of my childhood. Batting practice with mom in the back yard. \" Get angry at the ball! \" she'd tell me. That was bullshit. I mean, sure, you get power, but the thing she should have emphasized was focusing on where the ball was, and actually hitting it. It seemed my game had not improved since little league. Despite my little practice, and mentally forcing myself to be `in the moment', I struck out. I swear it had nothing to do with me staring at Cleo. She just pitched the ball in a really annoying way, and I hadn't batted in years. Kate, well, she did get to first base (no comment), but when Sailor Uranus hit a foul (note: it had no feathers), Kate tried to steal second (not literally), getting caught by the pigtailed duck. Sneezer struck out because he was too damn short, and Cleo kept throwing balls over his head. We called a meeting about that one, finally determining that the mouse was entitled to a second try, with the pitches restricted to the range he could possibly bat. Really, it was no different than an ump calling a pitch unfair for aiming outside the window. Sneezer got his second chance, but he struck out again. From what I saw, I had to agree it was legal. We took the outfield as a matter of course. I have always hated the outfield. In little league I played so poorly that I was forever Left or Center. I got so frustrated with them either hitting the ball too far behind me or not hitting the ball to me that I picked the grass and played with the dirt instead of paying attention. Now older, with a hopefully clearer head, and in charge of the team, I decided to try my hand as first baseman. My choice of players on the field was basically random. I had no clue about their individual strengths and weaknesses. I was certain we were going to lose, but there wasn't much I could do about it, aside from tire out my players with a practice, probably making their game worse. I could only cross my fingers and hope for the best. Here's a diagram of how I placed my players: (image) Sabrina, left field, Montgomery Moose, Center, Bingo Beaver, Right. Sailor Uranus (no, I didn't make that up), second, Sneezer doing short stop, Shaggy on third and Scoob catching at the home plate. Kate, naturally, was pitching. Right at the beginning, we had problems. Riffraff's teammate, a feline alien from the Star Trek cartoon, tried to bat Kate's pitches, but the ump declared them to be poorly done, so the creature walked all the way to home. Hector hit the ball. After hitting two fouls, he knocked the ball out to the Second line. Our Sailor, I don't know, was too dainty or something to grab the thing and throw it to me until Hector was standing on my plate. Riffraff came to bat after him, knocking the ball to center field. The moose caught it, but again Uranus was being a primadonna, so when he threw to her, Kate had to run and grab the ball, leaving ample time for Hector to reach the next base. Mungo knocked the ball on the edge of the foul line, almost a run, but he never did run swiftly, due to his girth. Bingo threw the ball to me, and I got my first out. To my annoyance, Hector stole a base while we were doing this (not literally, of course - he didn't make it that easy to win), and now stood next to Shaggy on third. We struck out Morgana, who had slipped into the dugout without me noticing, but the Ghost in the Shell lady (Kusinagi?) had ninja skills, so, clad in a weird pantless White Sox outfit, she hit the ball to right field, slid into first, and Hector got the first win for Riffraff's team. Riffraff also reached second base. The Persian cat pole dancer knocked the ball over the batting cage on the first swing, but hit the second one out by the short stop. Riffraff tried to reach third, but when he saw Sneezer with the ball, he slid back to second with the `Ghost', leading me to devise an additional rule: No sliding on the dirt like a skier behind a motorboat. Dogbert hit next. Kate tried to pitch a fair ball, but he was like a short potato, kind of hard to aim at, so the ump allowed him to walk. Predictably, Riff took this opportunity to run to home plate. Kusinagi tried to follow, but Kate tossed the ball to Scoob, driving her back to third. Riffraff tried to put Bam Bam up to bat, but I called him out on it, and we amended our rules to forbid superpowered athletes, referring back to the rule we made against hitting a ball through or over the moon. The cat benched the little caveman, sending Pac-Man to bat instead. If not for that yellow guy striking out, we would have never left the outfield. 0 to 3. Things weren't looking so good. To my surprise, after the first couple pitches, Scoob made it to second, and Shaggy to first. We had an order of players, but Kate urged me to go next. I actually knocked it into left field. Well, near Left , like a yard behind second on a diagonal. Regardless, it was legit. I was so shocked that I froze a moment and nearly got tagged out. But I made it, and Scoob got third base. Montgomery walked on a technicality. Hector had illegally extended his arm, so Scoob was able to get us our first point. I, on the other hand, got caught en route to Second. So. Shaggy on Third. An animated version of Abbott and Costello came into the dugout, doing the Who's On First routine, but Kate got rid of them with a carefully timed trap door lever. Kate batted next, knocking the ball to Center. It defies physics, but fat assed Mungo dove and caught the ball. \"Duh, that was weird,\" he said from the ground. \" But it felt good .\" I was happy, at least, to see Shaggy sliding into home while the ball went airborne. I sent Bingo Beaver to bat. The ball went right, bouncing off the ground in front of Wordsworth. \"You won't home run, you son of a gun!\" Before the beaver could make it to first, Riff caught Wordsworth's throw, and we were on the outfield again. Round 3. Score: 2 to 3. Not bad, not good, either. Riff and the umps both agreed that if I prevented any points from scoring this round, I could bat again. The cat, of course, announced this with an air of amused skepticism. Dissatisfied with my Sailor, I sent her to the bench. I turned my back to her for a moment, brooding over the rest of my selected catchers, puzzling over who I would place on second. As I did this, I suddenly noticed someone tapping me on the shoulder. \"Not now, Sneezer,\" I said, as he had gone past me in that direction, but when I turn around, I see that it is Amanda \"M\" Bunny, dressed exactly like her non-animated twin. I stared at one Amanda, then the other. \"You're right!\" I said. \"I admit I doubted your story a little, but...wow. You're right!\" \"Like I told you,\" she said. \" It's this place !\" \"All right,\" I said. \"Um, `M.' You've got second.\" Sadly, she didn't catch any better than Sailor Uranus. Although less dainty, and more ready to get her hands dirty, she still missed the ball. We lost the game. Big time. We had doodles on our team, but I guess some are simply better at the sport than others. Once Riff brought the score up to 2-4, the additional runs were just an insult. It seemed I was doomed to a life of slavery. We stood defeated, the faces of my players mostly reflecting expressions of annoyance or indifference. I was probably the only one that felt miserable about it. Perhaps in attempts to cheer me up, Kate said, \"What do players normally do at the end of a baseball game?\" \"Uh...celebrate?\" I frowned. \" Or , if you're little league, you get all your team members in a line, and have them walk by everyone in the other team, high fiving and saying `good game, good game' to everybody.\" \"That's a perfect idea! It promotes a peaceful, harmonious game!\" \" Right ,\" I groaned. And so we did that stupid little ritual. It made me think of several times in which I'd muttered \"good game\" to my opponent with clenched teeth. \"Enjoy your last evening of freedom,\" Riff told me as I grudgingly gave him a high five. I felt like slugging him. When I returned to the dugout, Kate wrapped her arms around me, nuzzling her face into my sweaty neck. \"Are you getting turned on by all of this?\" I grimaced in disgust. \"What, about being a slave for a year?\" \"No, silly,\" she said, sliding a hand down my hip. \"About losing. About failure.\" I looked at her like she were crazy. \"Seriously?\" \"I think you are,\" she purred. \"Would you like me to check?\" I didn't want to admit it, but she was right. \"You planned this all along!\" I cried. \"You knew I couldn't win!\" She shrugged. \"Maybe, maybe not.\" I should have gotten mad, maybe yelled at her or something, but instead I only thought about kissing her. \"You're really weird,\" I said. \"How about we go back to my apartment, and make things weirder ?\" \"You still haven't told me your secret,\" I said. She pressed herself close to my body. \"I'll do better than that,\" she said. \"I'll show you.\" \"I'm not sure I like the sound of that,\" I said with discomfort. But when she took my hand to lead me out of the dugout, I didn't resist.[Chapter 25] \"Please tell me you're not a man,\" I said as we, ironically, crossed the foul line. She frowned. \"Seriously?\" I answered, \"You hide a secret, and when I ask about it, you tell me you won't tell, you'll show me in the bedroom. What am I supposed to think?\" Her eyes narrowed. \"You're still holding my hand.\" \"Well,\" I stammered. \"Draw your own conclusions.\" She snickered. \"Do I look like a man?\" \"N-no,\" I said. \" But this is Cool World. A person could easily disguise themselves as anything without showing tell tale signs.\" She looked genuinely embarrassed. \"Kate. Amanda . I don't know the first thing about you. You haven't told me that much about your family, or, or much of anything that didn't sound a little sketchy .\" Kate looked me in the eyes. \"Drew. I'm not a man. And I fully intend to prove it to you. That isn't the secret I want to show you.\" She sighed, furrowing her brow. \"`Draw your own conclusions',\" she said with a smirk. \"Are you saying that...\" I reddened. \"I don't know. I really hope I'm wrong, but...\" She leaned close to me, finishing my thought. \" But you really don't care .\" \"I...yeah. Not at this point in the... relationship .\" She didn't dispute me calling our friendship a relationship. \"You know, you really got some balls, making that accusation.\" Yes, and they're all yours, I found myself thinking. But I only blurted, \"Sorry. I...\" Kate pecked me on the lips. \"Patience, Drew. It will be worth the wait.\" As we marched across the field, I watched the players disappearing back into the corn. \"Wait,\" I said. \"If they can do that, why did we have to take that horrible drive through the wasteland and almost get killed?\" I could have mentioned Extra, but I didn't want to belabor the point. She gave me a grin. \"It wouldn't play.\" I groaned. \"So we could have gone that way instead?\" \"That only works for animated characters,\" she said. \"I did try it once, and almost got through, but, well, I ended up somewhere else. \" \"What,\" I said. \"Like somewhere in the real world?\" \"No.\" She gave a small shudder. \"Someplace in between. I didn't like it.\" Noticing Kate waving to someone, I looked up just in time to see Amanda M disappearing into the corn. For a brief second, I thought I saw the girl's whole body turn blue, but I figured I was seeing things, due to it getting dark and her being obscured by real corn stalks. \"We're kind of grimy,\" I told Kate. \"Is there a shower at your place?\" Kate giggled. \" I like how you think. But it's a lot simpler to take care of that here.\" She led me to a little building next to the field, your basic men's and women's restroom. Someone had drawn a door between the doors, labeling it `showers.' She pointed to it. \"Hit the showers.\" Frowning, I tried the door, just to humor her, but it was only a drawing. \"No,\" she said. \"Actually hit it .\" Feeling silly, I punched the drawing lightly, and found my body actually getting clean , like I had showered for real. Even my clothing seemed refreshed. \"Wow,\" I said. \"That's...anticlimactic.\" \"Perhaps,\" she said, striking the drawing herself. \"But you have to admit, it is convenient.\" And so, with our clothing and bodies cool and fresh, we climbed back into the vehicle. Aside from a little mischievous giggling from Kate, we maintained silence for about a minute, and the armored carrier was back in Nowhere Land in no time at all. She stopped the carrier. \"I got an idea,\" she said. \"Let's get out.\" And so I did what she asked, and she folded Chips up into a suitcase. \"What's the plan?\" I said, staring at all the holes. She pulled a folded map out of her cleavage, examining it. \"Okay...if we drop down Hole 93, we'll come out 24...and that will take us to...\" She frowned at the diagram. \"Well, it'll be random, but it'll still be easier than driving through the wasteland.\" I just sighed, following her wherever she chose to go. We dropped through a hole, and then I was falling...screaming from a hole in the sky... tumbling through another hole ... And then we were in a nightclub . The interior decoration was chaotic and frenzied, like an artist had taken a bunch of methamphetamines, swallowed a bottle of ink, and threw up all over. A completely disorganized mess, but an oddly stylish one. One section of the place was all neon and black paint. The place was populated entirely by animated cats and wolves. It had a bar, but it was unoccupied. The music system played Dub Step music as the creatures danced around the place. As Kate was picking herself off the floor, straightening her outfit, the wolves turned around and ogled her body. \"Where the hell are we?\" I asked. \"It's the Slash Club,\" Kate sighed. \"One of Holli's properties. Let's go.\" She led me through the dancing creatures, aiming for the exit. Along the way, we accidentally bumped into that ape thing that had harassed me at Holli's place. \"Hey, Kate,\" he said. \"Is that your date tonight? Or are you just going on a little f-\" She elbowed him. Hard. Since we kept moving, I was left to mentally fill in the blanks myself. The first thing that came to mind was something crude. \"You...aren't a prostitute, are you?\" I asked. \"No.\" Kate's tone was sharp and clipped. Sensitive subject. We bumped into the short brown lady not too long afterwards. \"Interesting choice, Kate,\" she said. \"Does he know that-\" \"I want him to hear it from me first,\" Kate barked. The female looked indifferent. \"It's your-\" \"Keep your mouth shut,\" Kate said. \"It's not the right time.\" I had no clue about what all the fuss was concerning, but I figured I would learn soon enough. The door was guarded by a literal bouncer . The guy had no legs. He just bounced on his rounded lower torso, like some kind of ridiculous punching bag. He said nothing to us, just raised an eyebrow and let us pass. We stepped out onto the darkened street beyond. I couldn't tell what surrounded the place, just a bunch of black skyscrapers. The Slash Club itself almost looked like a gym from the outside, except much darker and covered in neon. I found it strange that the club had so many large windows when bars and nightclubs in general do not. As I was puzzling over this, the baby mutant with the biker gloves waddled up to us. For a moment, he scrutinized us, squinting his eyes, rubbing his chin. When Kate tried to drag me past him, he hopped in our path and said, \" I want to see what the baby looks like. If it's as handsome as me, it might have a new playmate .\" I cringed. \"Kate, do you know these creeps?\" She rolled her eyes. \"Unfortunately, yes. I...used to be in a gang.\" The mutant covered his mouth to suppress a laugh. \" Good one .\" \"Ignore him,\" she said, tugging on my hand. \"C'mon.\" Kate unfolded our vehicle, and we climbed back in. To my surprise, and some alarm, I began to notice recognizable landmarks passing by as she drove me to our destination. The building with the lions. The place belonging to Miss Terious. And then...we were parking at Holli's apartment. \"You live here ?\" I cried in dismay. She shrugged. \"What. It's a big building. Don't look so surprised. The rent is very cheap. \" We got out, and she folded Chips into a suitcase, handing it to me to carry. Being the gentleman I am, I didn't mind. It was evening, so now the place looked deserted, with Angry Alligator (Sweet Pickles guy) running a steam vac over the carpet. Eek was still trying to wiggle his way out of the vending machine. As we neared the elevator, I noticed Sneezer, clad only in a diaper, springing from a padded chair. He marched up to us. \"You haven't forgotten me, have you?\" he asked. \"Oh no, sweetie,\" Kate said, rubbing his head. \" You're just in time .\" I didn't have to guess what that meant. I swallowed like I were trying to down a horse pill. This is really happening, I thought. \"You're...okay with having a voyeur,\" I said with skepticism. \"Drew,\" she said, patting her chest. \"Stripper? Hypocritical much?\" To my chagrin, I also saw Riffraff and Cleo rising from a nearby couch to join our little party. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" I said. \"The slavery is supposed to start tomorrow.\" \"Technically, it's part of the deal,\" the cat replied. \"By entertaining me, you're providing a valuable service.\" \"Plus we were curious,\" Cleo said with a nod. \"We've never seen... noids do it before.\" \"Really?\" I said. \"Holli watches Desperate Housewives . You'd think...\" The lady cat rolled her eyes. \"This is different. Kate is my friend .\" \"A little creepy ,\" I muttered. Then, when I saw Kate's indignant expression, I added, \"But whatever floats your boat , I guess.\" \"By the way, Kate,\" I said. \"How do so many doodles receive broadcasts from the real world?\" \"Radio and television broadcasts from your world have a wider reach than you think. It's actually easier to pick up satellite data and FM radio than it is to convey objects back and forth.\" \"You two are definitely on the same wavelength,\" Cleo said. \"I'd be amazed if they weren't,\" Riffraff said with a chuckle. I scowled at them. \"And what's that supposed to mean?\" \"Nothing,\" Cleo blurted. Riffraff flashed his teeth. \"She just means that since you're both human, we can see that you two have a connection that we doodles can't provide.\" I eyed Kate with suspicion. \"Why are we getting all these weird comments?\" \"I...don't know,\" she said. I thought I saw her blushing. \"I think it's just that there aren't that many noids around town, and when two of them get together, it's like, I don't know, watching pandas at the zoo trying to produce offspring.\" \"Really,\" Cleo said. \"I'm happy for you. I thought after-\" Kate grabbed the cat, covering her mouth. She gave me a sheepish grin, acting like nothing was wrong. \"This had better be good,\" I said. \"You have no idea.\" Kate raised her hand to the call elevator button, then stopped. \"Close your eyes,\" she said. I sighed. \"I thought we were done with that.\" \"Last time, I swear. After this, I promise you'll never have to close your eyes for me again.\" I did what was asked. \"Done,\" she said. I opened my eyes. The doors opened and I found myself looking into a room oddly similar to the interior of the bottle on I Dream of Genie . A purplish undecorated cylinder containing only a long couch running around its circumference. In nervous silence, we seated ourselves, awkwardly staring at each other. Extra whistled some song they always teach high school marching bands to play. Kate placed her hand on my thigh as the elevator rose. The doors slid open again, and Kate led me out into the same floor I'd met Vanessa on. Floor 2000. \"This is Holli's floor,\" I said. She nodded. \"It's also mine.\" The hallway was dark, illuminated only by a few wall sconces, the corners of neon signs on the front of the building, and the stars. Holli was leaning against the door to her place, just kind of watching us. When the elevator closed, she called to Kate. \"Amanda...\" she began. \"Don't,\" Kate said. \" Just don't. This doesn't concern you.\" \"I suppose if you're happy...\" \"Why is that a concern of yours?\" I asked. \" It's not ,\" said Kate. In response, Holli just sighed and marched into her suite, slamming the cardboard door behind her. \"What's her problem?\" Kate shrugged. \"I don't know.\" \"Is there some kind of relationship between you and Holli?\" \"No!\" she said. \"It's nothing like that. She's just... nosy . Thinks she's helping people out.\" I frowned. \"She's certainly an odd bird.\" \"You have no idea.\" We marched down the hallway, stopping in front of a drawing of a door. Kate stuck a glowing key into a drawing of a keyhole, turning it like a locker combination. There was a click, and the door turned real, swinging open to reveal a deluxe studio apartment. Near the door, I saw a little table and chairs on the side, sort of a dining room-ish thing, a kitchenette on the other, with a small bar table. Beyond that stood a half wall, with a short staircase cutting through part of it, leading to a glass box with stools. When Kate led me around this partition, I discovered, much to my discomfort, that the box was made of two way glass, and it overlooked a queen bed. It was a viewing booth. I suddenly felt sick to my stomach. The back end of the studio held a bedroom/study. Continuous bookshelves lined all three walls, filled with real books, and there was a curving couch along the fronts of the bookshelves in the southeast corner. Oh, and there were rubber mats all over the floor, in case someone decided to wrestle, I suppose, and mirrors . In addition to the mirrors of the viewing booth, there was one on the ceiling, over the bed, and long rectangular ones tilted at an angle above both the east and west bookshelves. \"So...\" I said. \"This is the Bunny... Pad ?\" \"I suppose so ,\" she said, straightening her costume. All the mirrors reflected a cartoon version of Kate. I noticed this the moment I stepped past the half wall. My reflection, of course, was real. \"So...\" I said, pointing to Amanda M. \"These are all trick mirrors?\" She nodded. \"This seems very... theatrical. \" She just stared at me, as if waiting for a punch line. Her reflection mostly mirrored her posture, but I saw one of them twerking , shaking her butt. \"Do you...record shows of some kind? Charge admission? Post stuff online?\" Kate shook her head. \"But it's not a bad idea...\" \"So what's all this stuff then?\" \"It just makes me feel pretty.\" \"Are you sure...you haven't been with any other men?\" She sighed through her nose. \"...No.\" She faced away from the mirrors, but her reflection showed only her front, copying her pose, legs slightly apart, arms behind her back. \"C'mon, Kate,\" I pleaded. \" You got to be honest with me. What's the deal with all this? Why's there a viewing booth and all this stuff when I just arrived...\" Honestly, I didn't know what time it was in reality, but I was pretty sure a day hadn't passed yet, because I hadn't slept. \" This afternoon ?\" Close enough. Kate wrapped her arms around me, pressing her mouth to my ear. \"You don't know how long I've been waiting for this, Drew. A live human being! In my bed! I knew the time would come, if I were patient enough. I knew it, Drew! That's why I had all this stuff put in. For years, it just sat here, collecting dust. But I knew someone like you would come to me. \" \"That sounds like building a zoo and waiting for an elephant to magically fall into one of the cages.\" \"More like building an altar and waiting for a god to come,\" she said. \"So this is kind of a religious obsession?\" \"Almost,\" she whispered. \"Almost.\" \"I think you spend too much time with cartoons,\" I said. \"I agree,\" she said. \"But now you're here , aren't you?\" I swallowed. \"Do you want to get on top, or should I?\" \"What?\" I knew exactly what she meant, but the woman was being so blunt and direct, it made me uneasy. Well, at least a little uneasy. She dragged me closer to the bed. Heart shaped pillows, powder pink bed coverings. \"Top or bottom?\" \"Uh, bottom , I guess-\" The moment I said this, she shoved me onto the silken sheets. I retreated toward the pillows, scuttling on my legs and elbows like a crab. The unnaturally bright glimmer above me told me Amanda M was watching me from up there, too. Kate crawled across the sheets like a tiger on the prowl...for me. \"Wait,\" I blurted, pointing up. \"Are you really going to let your sister watch the whole thing?\" Kate laughed. \"We've already got three doodles in the audience,\" she said as she pulled off my shoes and socks. \"What's wrong with one more?\" \" I can see her ,\" I said. \"I told you, we share everything .\" She unbuttoned my cartoon suit top. My reflection's suitcoat came off at the same time Kate was taking mine off. \"Is she going to copy everything that we do?\" Kate stopped in the middle of unfastening my shirt buttons and sighed. \"Is that a problem?\" It was kind of a problem. \"Um...\" She finished unbuttoning and undid my belt. \"Are you getting performance anxiety?\" My response came out a little high pitched and girly sounding. \"Yeah?\" She giggled. \"Just breathe. Slow and steady. Focus on me . You want me, don't you, Drew?\" I nodded. Kate pulled my pants off. \"Good. Don't pay attention to them. Only pay attention to me. \" And then my boxers came off. Hearing a mechanical whirring noise, I turned my head and saw one of those scissor lift things rising up outside the windows, bearing the ape, the diapered monkey creature and the little brown lady. Kate grabbed my chin, turning my head to face her. \"Ignore them,\" she purred, straddling my lap, her rubber thong against my growing erection as she adjusted the straps on her rabbit headdress. \"So. Drew...\" she said, lowering her voice to a husky tone. \"Do you want my ears up, or down ?\" It was a reference to a cartoon I had seen, but I still didn't get it. \"Huh?\" She sighed, pointing to the ears. \"Do you want this off, or can I keep it on?\" \"On please,\" I stammered. \"On it is.\" She unbuttoned the middle of her thong, allowing me to penetrate her. I gasped as she eased onto me, burying my throbbing manhood further and further within her body. Her insides felt oddly cool , and slick , but it was my first time, so who was I to say if anything was amiss? Extra and his blue companions extricated themselves from my rumpled cartoon clothing, flying up to watch from one of the bookshelves. \"We should sell tickets,\" Kate said with wry grin. I let out an uneasy chuckle. Noting my nervousness, she grabbed my hands, placing them on her legs. \"It's okay to touch them. Right now they're yours .\" She wiggled herself upon me. \"Feel free to touch and grab anything you want. I will!\" Kate definitely did. I grabbed her buttocks, sliding my fingers around the soft curves. I thought I heard the birds clapping like this was a golf tournament. Tried to ignore it. \"Do you think I'm a man now?\" Kate purred. \"No ma'am! And I've never been so glad!\" She pulled herself up my hardened muscle, then slowly slid herself down, the cartoon version of herself doing the same thing in the reflection. \"Can your twin?\" I gasped as she repeated the process. \"Can she get an orgasm from-\" It was hard, difficult to talk in that kind of situation. She got the idea anyway. \"Oh definitely ,\" she said with a wiggle. We kissed. \"I'm sorry. I haven't been honest with you,\" she grunted as she rubbed her rear against my lap. \"Amanda M is not a twin, or a sister. What you're seeing in those mirrors is my actual reflection.\" \"But I saw her at the game!\" I protested. She shook her head, pausing her activity for a moment. \" That was Mystique impersonating me . You are familiar with Mystique, aren't you?\" I stared at her in shock. She hired a shapeshifter to deceive me! \"The name... rings a bell. \" I froze, my mood ebbing somewhat. \"You lied to me.\" \"I was afraid you wouldn't want me if you knew the truth.\" Things below were softening now. \"So this was all a trick to get me in bed.\" \"I could argue the same thing about your little deal with Sneezer.\" She rocked back and forth on my lap, coaxing things back into rigidity. \"There's a law...\" I said. \"Yes.\" She pulled herself up on me. \"I've seen how you looked at those doodles. Kusinagi. Vanessa. Heck, even Cleo .\" She let out a soft moan as she lowered herself. \"Admit it. If you never met me, you still would have broken that law. For your wallet.\" She rose back up my shaft. \"Fine,\" I gasped. \"Yeah.\" I slipped my hand under her garters. \"Why do you have a cartoon reflection?\" She eased herself down. \"Doctor...Strange,\" she gasped. \"He trapped me inside something called the Purgatory Crystal. The device...separates your spirit from your body. It was meant for doodles, not humans. I escaped, but it changed me . It changed my reflection, it changed my physiology, it changed... everything .\" Cartoon world or not, I didn't buy it. I was stretching my willing suspension of disbelief to the breaking point when I heard her first fib. \"That...sounds just like the other story you told.\" \"It's true, okay?\" she said in a shuddering breath as she pulled herself up on me. \"I still don't understand why you would make up that lie about a sister when-\" She interrupted me with a wild passionate kiss, rubbing against me, sliding up and down. The sensation of that body in that rubber outfit sliding across my bare skin was electric, the visual endlessly stimulating. And then she kept doing... what she was doing . I wanted to pick apart her story about a magic crystal. I wanted her to tell me the truth, but the moment I tried to question her about it, she kissed me some more, riding my lap. \"You're lying to me,\" I gasped as her pace increased. \"I know,\" she moaned. \"I'm really sorry, but I can't tell you yet. Not until we're done.\" \"You admit it!\" I cried in outrage. \"I trusted you!\" \"You wouldn't understand.\" And then she suppressed my next angry protest with deep kissing. I was angry. Frustrated. It kind of felt like failure. She pulled her lips away from me with a giggle. \"I was right. Failure does turn you on.\" \"But I didn't-\" I said. \"You failed to get the answer you wanted.\" And then she kissed me again. My brain shut down and I just thrusted. I mean, hey, even though I felt completely betrayed and angry... we were in the middle of something . I think in the back of my mind I just decided to shut up and enjoy the ride. I may have resented her, but I couldn't really say I hated her. At least, not enough to quit. I heard someone playing If You Really Love A Woman by Bryan Adams as mood music, but I tried to tune it out. When we had started, I found the movements of the animated figure in the mirror embarrassing, but now, as things were getting heavier, I actually found it exciting. I didn't want to admit it to myself, but my eyes kept wandering up there. Getting really into it now, Kate discarded her bunny ears, shaking her pigtails loose. As she rode upon another thrust, she moaned loudly, and all of a sudden I see a pair of animated cat's ears exploding from her hair. I stopped what I was doing, gawking at her. \"What! What's that!\" \"Nothing,\" she gasped. \"They just... pop out whenever I'm surprised, or really excited.\" \"It's cute,\" I said. \"I know.\" \"I like it.\" \" I know. \" She wiggled her butt down, physically urging me to resume our activity. Since we were already halfway there, I went with it. \" How do you know?\" I gasped. \"How do you think?\" she said in a half moan. \"I'm sitting on your `like' meter!\" And that's when I see an orange tail burst from her rear end. Her hair coloration changed to red like it had been instantly dyed that way. I stopped to stare, too surprised to continue. \"You're Vanessa Vixx!\" She nodded. \"Think of it like, I don't know, Mini Wheats. Vanessa is the wheat side.\" \"And you're frosted,\" I groaned. \"I told you I had layers.\" I cringed. \" Like an onion. \" \"Exactly.\" \"I didn't know you were a cartoon, or...\" She closed her eyes, shook her body, and suddenly I was being straddled by the animated version of herself. Amanda M. \"Or what?\" she said, wiggling herself into my crotch. The combination of sensations was exotic, intoxicating, kind of like screwing living paint. And when I looked at the mirror, I saw a human making the same motions the cartoon did. \"Okay,\" I stammered as I slid my hands up her brightly colored legs. \"So maybe I might anyway.\" \"That's what I thought,\" she purred as she rode me. Our movements gathered speed, becoming more and more urgent, until at last we reached that point where everything kind of tips over the edge, and... Incredible waves of pleasure flooded our bodies, exploding outwards with such power that all the windows and mirrors shattered , and then the second wave came like an earthquake, scattering the birds scattered and throwing the voyeurs in the box backwards down the staircase. I heard screams as the scissor lift went flying off the side of the building. The walls cracked, pictures fell to the floor and shattered. Oh, and our bodies were flickering with glowing light . \"Whoa!\" I shouted. \"What the hell was all that!\" \" What did it feel like ?\" she giggled. Amazing, I thought, but I didn't say it. I wanted answers . \"I...uh, Drew, I haven't exactly been truthful about something...\" \"You haven't been truthful about several somethings,\" I said indignantly. \"What the hell is this glowing?\" I held up my hand, and it turned into a Mickey Mouse glove, then changed back. \"Out with it, Kate! What is this!\" She caressed my naked chest. \"I didn't want to tell you before, but...we have the same father.\" I pushed her back, trying to sit up, trying to get away. \"But that's impossible! You're animated! How-\" \"Holli Would is my mom.\" I shuddered. \"Oh God. You mean we're like...\" \"Brother and sister,\" she finished bashfully. Suddenly, it all made sense. All the snide comments and subtle innuendo. Why we seemed to be so similar. Why she knew so much about dad. When Holli laughed about she and dad having children, that wasn't a \"You've got to be kidding\", it was...something else entirely. And Kate/Amanda/Vanessa, had been lying...about it all. I felt unclean. Polluted. Like some character from a V.C. Andrews story. I quickly disengaged myself from her. \"You said you never knew your parents!\" \"I wish I never knew them.\" \"So you lied.\" She nodded. \"How else was I supposed to get you to sleep with me?\" I had no answer for that. \"If it makes you feel any better, I'm technically your half sister.\" \"When were you planning to tell me this!\" I cried. \" Now .\" She slid a hand up my thigh, but I pushed it away. \"This is disgusting. Why would you even do such a thing? Why? \" \"Drew. I'm a half doodle. I don't belong to either world. As a human, I live in a world that's flat and tasteless. As a doodle, I can't feel anything. My mom slept with a noid, and she became part real for a time. I thought that maybe if I did the same thing, I'd become more real .\" I scowled at her. \"And the fact that you're essentially committing incest doesn't bother you.\" She gave me an apologetic shrug. \"You have no idea how long I've been waiting for a man. A real human man.\" \"Why not go the other way?\" I said. \"Why not sleep with a cartoon and become more...cartoony?\" Amanda frowned. \"Why would I want to do that?\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"You told me those ears come out when you were surprised. Why didn't that happen when I first met you, um, as Vanessa?\" She gave me this look like I already knew the answer. My mouth fell open in shock. \"You bumped into me on purpose!\" Amanda chuckled. \"If it's any consolation, my tail did pop out ...\" I sighed. \"At least I'm not hearing Dueling Banjos .\" \"Don't-!\" she cried, but it was too late. A pair of cartoon hillbillies with long beards and overalls popped out of the floor with their musical instruments, performing the song I just mentioned.[Chapter 26] Amanda removed the hillbillies from the room by means of a trapdoor lever disguised as a copy of The Hunger Games . If anything, I thought. A person who makes that their first choice of reading material deserves to fall through that trapdoor. We sat naked on opposite sides of the bed, just staring at each other in awkward silence. We were still glowing, but now it was doing funny things to us. Not \"Funny ha-ha.\" More like, \"Funny uh-oh.\" Once the last of our orgasm had subsided, I saw Amanda's body physically begin to change. Before, as we were nearing climax, she had been fully animated, her flesh a bright pastel, her features streamlined and delineated, but now the brightness was fading, turning back into Kate. I, on the other had, appeared to be turning a bright peach at a rate of roughly one time every other minute. She gave me an apologetic smile. \"Thank you.\" \"For what?\" I blurted, then, realizing what she meant, I frowned and said oh. She pulled one leg up in front of her, studying the device attached to her ankle. \"Is that really a superhero notification system?\" I asked. \"No,\" she said with a grin. \"It only tells me when my body will change into Melissa or Vanessa or Kate.\" She squinted at the watch, pushing some buttons. She let out a squeal of triumph, shaking her fists. \"It worked! It actually worked! Normally I stay animated at this hour, and won't change back until nine in the morning!\" She suddenly grabbed me, giving me another one of those passionate kisses. \"Thank you, oh thank you!\" And she kissed me some more. I shoved her away. \"We can't be doing this! We're related!\" \" Half related.\" \"It doesn't matter!\" I insisted. \"We can't! It's wrong!\" \"Your penis doesn't think so,\" she said. She was right, but I had to draw the line somewhere. I grabbed a pillow, covering my crotch, but that only made her giggle. I just scowled at her, pulling on my boxers. Kate looked at me with a pleading expression. \"Don't you love me, Drew?\" I swallowed. \"You're family.\" \"That's not what I asked.\" It was fair to make that distinction. Sighing, I said, \"You're my sister. Of course I love you. It just... can't be in that way.\" \"Are you sure?\" I blushed. \"We are not having this conversation.\" \"You try so hard to get me to open up and tell you the truth, and then when I do, you refuse to extend me the same courtesy.\" \"It's not the same thing, dammit! You're asking me if I enjoyed incest! That's not something I'd share with anyone!\" She looked sad. Dejected. I even saw tears rolling down her cheeks. Real tears. Not animated. \"Look,\" I said, putting an arm around her shoulder. \"You're the only sibling I've got. I'm going to love you as a sister. I'll care for you. Like family.\" \"But you won't do it a second time.\" \"There shouldn't have been a first!\" I shouted. \"Your boxers are tenting up,\" she said. \"You keep those pretty eyes somewhere else, okay?\" \"Okay,\" she sniffed. \"But I'm not sorry for what I've done. Thank you.\" My hands were flickering, turning animated. I wanted to complain about this, but...if I fixed my sister...I supposed it wasn't the worst thing that could happen. I guess I was just trying to justify it to myself. \"You've made me the happiest girl in Cool World,\" she said. \"I'm glad you were my first.\" There were so many things I felt like saying, about how I enjoyed it and everything, but wrong is wrong. I wasn't going to intentionally commit incest, so I just held my tongue. When I did speak, I instead ended up saying, \"You know, I've got the strangest craving for cold hot dogs.\" Amanda gave me a thin smile, implying that my joke wasn't funny, but it wasn't a joke. Something had gone seriously wrong. I frowned at my flickering hand, which now seemed to be a brown-white animal claw. \"You said you can control this?\" She shook her head. \"To a degree.\" My hand flickered human, then animated again. Now it was peach. Amanda handed me her watch. \"Here. You might have more use of this than me now.\" I took it, but still said, \"So you cured yourself by infecting me?\" She shrugged. \"Drew, no one has done anything like this before. I didn't know it was going to do this to you.\" She squeezed me. \"Drew, you've given me the greatest gift I've ever received in my entire life. I'm sorry this happened to you, but I have no regrets.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"All those times you told me to close my eyes...?\" \"I turned into Melissa,\" she said. \"It requires my utmost concentration, but I can sometimes exert limited control over my changes. Of course, it was easier to turn myself into a doodle than a human. Especially when I'm about to have an orgasm.\" \"I thought you said-\" She blushed. \" You were. All I meant was, it was really easy to become a doodle when we were doing it.\" \"But why did you cry and have a broken heart when you knew I was still going to be with you?\" She shrugged. \"Wouldn't it seem a little suspicious if I, I mean, she didn't at least pretend to be jealous?\" \"I guess you got a point.\" \"Plus, doesn't it hurt a little when the person you love only loves one part of you?\" \"Now wait a minute. I never said that I didn't love-\" She kissed me, grabbed my boxers. I pushed her away. Amanda reddened. \"I'm sorry. I...\" \"I know.\" Amanda scrunched up her face, like she were concentrating on something really hard. Nothing happened. She joyously beat her fists on her covers. \"I'm human! I'm human!\" \"And I'm less so ,\" I groaned. We've gone way too far, I thought. I seriously have to get out of here. \"Wait. I can leave now, right? The rips in reality are dilated and all that, aren't they?\" \"I guess,\" she said. \"What do you mean, `you guess'?\" \"Well, I know I'll be fine , but you... you're part doodle now.\" I smacked my face with my hand. \"Dammit.\" Now I was almost positive that I hated her. ...Of course, I didn't want to hurt her feelings by saying that. Once Amanda had painted the mirrors back in, I got up from the bed, staring at myself in the glass. And my animated self. I looked like a character from one of those Boy's Life comics. I still had black hair, but now I suddenly had a button nose, mousey ears, and, of course, a sash full of fake merit badges, a scarf, and a green uniform. A pink rat's tail poked out of my green bell bottomed pants, and I wore a pair of opaque white glasses. \"It like I'm looking at my inner child ,\" I muttered. Amanda set down her bucket of.. .window paint and put her arm around me. \"You look very cute.\" I turned real for a second, then, suddenly I was looking at myself as a naked brown and white rat...with breasts. Amanda's arm didn't move. \"That's, um, cute too!\" I looked at her with unease, then stared at my reflection. I sighed, and the Boy Scout sighed back. \"Do I have a choice about what I look like? Animated?\" \"It's complicated,\" she said. \"And why is he in a Scout uniform when I'm not?\" As if in response, my reflection flickered, and I was looking at an adult version of the same rat tailed Scout, clad only in his boxers, still wearing glasses. \"I don't even wear glasses,\" I said. \"They're cute glasses.\" My reflection smiled at the compliment, but I did not. \"It's easy to see why Cool World has no real psychologists,\" Amanda said. \"Already I can see where your trouble is.\" \"Funny,\" I said. \"I've heard that you can modify your form if you can draw.\" \"And if you can't?\" She shrugged. \" I can show you some great places to shop.\" \"So,\" I said. \"Were you born a sexy comic book character? Or did it develop somehow?\" Amanda giggled. \" It developed. At first, I was kind of like baby Pebbles, except with cat ears and a tail. Mom has pictures. I got a little older, and I resembled Wendy the Witch, without the witch costume, then like a kid on Johnny Quest. Eventually, I grew breasts, and then... I was Amanda.\" \"So my...cartoon self will change if I grow a beard?\" \"Maybe. I don't know.\" I waggled my fingers at the mirror experimentally, watching the animated rat man copying me. \"I suppose...it's kinda cool.\" \"See?\" She kissed my cheek. \"It's not so bad.\" I couldn't exactly agree. At least, not to the point of thanking her. \"Uh...\" As I continued to stare at my reflection, I saw Riffraff walking out from behind the wall, munching from a bag of popcorn. \"That was amazing!\" Cleo ate a handful from his bag. \"Did it feel as good as it looked?\" Amanda blushed and nodded. \"It did!\" I cringed. \"You are so lucky.\" I swallowed, trying to convince myself I wasn't there. It got worse when Sneezer came out and said, \"That was great! I had to change my diaper twice!\" For this reason, I shuddered when he handed me my wallet. \"Don't worry. I rinsed it off,\" he said. I opened the wallet, checking its contents. Everything was in there, all right. Well, almost. \"Sneezer, where's my driver's license?\" He just cleared his throat. \"Good Lord,\" I said. \"Are you freaking kidding me!\" Sneezer frowned and slowly said \"No.\" Amanda smiled at me, looking hopeful, but I just scowled. At least it's just the driver's license, I thought. It's relatively easy to replace. \"You can leave now,\" I said to him. \"Show's over. I'm not screwing my sister again.\" My spectators eyed me with skepticism. \"Shoo,\" I said, waving them away. \"Go! Out!\" Riffraff looked slightly angry, but I think it was tempered by the fact he already got to see everything worth seeing. \"Rest up,\" he said. \"You've got a busy...three hundred and sixty five days of slavery coming in...\" He checked his watch. \"Six hours.\" I sighed. \"Out.\" The cats vacated the room, but the mouse did not. \"I said the show's over,\" I said. \"Why don't you go down to a park and spank yourself with a paddle or something?\" \"There's a fold out bed in the observation booth,\" Amanda said. \"Just pull the slot machine lever.\" Giving her a nod, Sneezer disappeared behind the wall. A second later, I heard him scream like he were falling down a bottomless pit. \"Sounds like two cherries and a lemon,\" Amanda remarked. I chuckled. \"Was there really a bed?\" \"Actually yes. But you have to get three Liberty Bells.\" Amanda rubbed my shoulders. \"You must be tired. You've had a very hard day.\" She blushed. \"I mean difficult. You must be exhausted. I know I'm tired. Why don't we both get some rest?\" Then she nodded toward the bed. I rolled my eyes. \"Nice try, Amanda ,\" I said. \"But I'm not sleeping with you again.\" \"Drew,\" she said. \"We didn't literally sleep.\" \"You meant `sleep sleep'?\" She nodded. \"Brothers and sisters do that sometimes, don't they?\" I sighed. \"Yeah.\" I put my clothes back on, climbing into bed. When Amanda joined me, I rolled over so my back faced her, and we lay that way for a couple minutes, back to back, with our eyes closed. Before I could begin to get any sort of decent REM sleep, I hear someone knocking...on a window. Groaning, I sat up, staggering over to the source of the noise. Behind a tall window between two bookcases, I saw a bird. A fuzzy blue bird in a white suit top and skirt, with a briefcase in her hand and nurse's cap on her head. The creature shuffled its feet more securely on the ledge, knocking again. \"What the hell?\" I cried. \"Amanda! What is this? Window to window insurance sales?\" \"Open it!\" she groaned from the bed. \"I'm not animated, or I'd be over there already!\" \"It's not a vampire, is it? Vampires always knock...\" I heard Amanda's heels stomping haphazardly behind me. \"It's not a vampire. Vampires don't wear white.\" Rolling my eyes, I unlatched the window and pulled it open. The bird brushed herself off, regarding me with a very stern, serious expression. \"My name is Cupcake with National Baby Farms, Worldwide Child Cabbage Patch LLC. Also known as the NBF. Our systems detected sexual intercourse in this location, and I need to ask you a few questions. Is this a bad time?\" \"Yes,\" I groaned. Amanda elbowed me hard. \"Now is fine.\" \"Our apologies for this intrusion, sir and ma'am. Due to the (ahem) unusual nature of your... union , the NBF sent me to audit this transaction, to make sure it falls within guidelines. \"As you may or may not be aware, Ms. Wood, the intercourse of your two parents was in direct violation of NBF policy. \"This union, performed without prior consultation with Planned Seeding Services (and without filing the proper forms afterward, I might add) introduced certain impurities into the seeding process, which you no doubt have experienced throughout your childhood, pre-pubescence and adult life.\" The bird opened her suitcase, laid it on the floor, then did something to it so that it unfolded out into a small desk. She opened a drawer, took out a clipboard with a thick packet of forms on it, cleared her throat. \"Amanda K Wood. Our records show that you are part human, meaning that you currently or semi currently possess a functioning human sex organ of some type, allowing you to reproduce without the assistance of NBF's services. Being as the act of procreation has occurred...\" She checked her watch. \"Eight minutes and thirty seconds ago, and said act was performed with a non-animated individual, we need to know if you intend to reproduce bodily or will still be requiring the use of NBF and its partners. If you do intend to make use of our services, we will require you to sign some paperwork and pay a small fee.\" Amanda giggled. \"I think I have a fully functional vagina now, so I should be fine, thank you.\" Cupcake looked confused. \"She means no,\" I said. \"Are you absolutely certain you want to do this?\" the bird asked. \"If it is discovered that you cannot produce children, your contract with NBF cannot be reinstated.\" I grimaced, looking at my partner with discomfort. \"I really don't think a baby is a good idea for us anyway.\" Amanda looked hurt, but nodded. \"We'll take our chances, thank you.\" The bird sighed in relief. \"You have no idea how happy that makes me! The HDBB 2900's alone take an hour to complete, then there's all the waivers and policies and restrictions . The damn thing's as long as the Monica Lewinsky report.\" \"There's a job for you, Mr. Tax Man!\" Amanda giggled. \"I think you two would get along famously!\" I let out an uneasy chuckle. Cupcake shuddered in disgust. Giving me a scowl, the bird turned to one of the back pages of the packet, offering me a pen. \"I just need a signature here, to state that you two mutually agree to natural human birth.\" I stared at the form, trying to make sure I understood what I was reading before we signed it. It was no use. The paper contained nothing but generic Lorem Ipsum text with a couple lines about how we waived NBF services, and blanks for our signatures. \"I'm pretty sure this form wouldn't hold up in court,\" I said. \"You haven't seen our courts,\" Amanda laughed. \"Just sign it.\" \"Why do I feel like I'm signing over my soul?\" \"In a way, you are ,\" she said. I sighed and wrote my signature. Amanda, in turn, signed her part. The moment she put down that last stroke, I heard the ominous roar of thunder, and lightning bolts lit up the windows. Suddenly I heard a phone ringing. I looked around, but the bird waved a feathered hand. \" It's for me. Hold on.\" She pulled a phone out of the desk drawer, holding the earpiece to her head. \"Hello. Agent 3.\" She paused, listening. Her face literally turned white. \"Oh God. Not another one!\" She sighed. \"No. They signed a cancellation form. I'll be there right away.\" I and Amanda stared at each other. \"Another one?\" we asked ourselves in unison. I frowned. \"Why do I think she's talking about Jessica?\" The bird's eyes narrowed. \"You know her?\" I gave her a shrug. \"Maybe?\" Cupcake shook her entire body like a real bird does when a huge pile of snow falls on its head. She quickly shoved the desk and everything back into the little briefcase, hurrying back out the window. \"So that's where babies come from,\" I said. Amanda looked at me with an uncomfortable facial expression. \"That's where they used to come from.\" \"If you have babies, and they're born with birth defects, they're going to be interesting birth defects.\" She grinned. \"You said that in a plural.\" I reddened. \" Baby. I meant one. Singular. Unless you have twins.\" \"Sure you did.\" I just sighed. We returned to bed, I and Amanda once again sleeping with our backs to each other. We slept that way. Well, so maybe after the first hour she had her arms around me, but nothing happened. Nothing physically. Mentally, though, I was going on the cartoon equivalent of a bad acid trip, one where past memories become dumb looking cartoons with depressing, unfunny plot twists. I'm the cartoon Boy Scout, doing the dishes in the kitchen. I accidentally break one of the dishes. Mom's boyfriend comes in and beats the hell out of me. Says I broke them on purpose. He's choking me. Doing that sleeper hold thing where you pinch the pressure point until you black out. I see stars. And Extra. When I awake, I'm the female rat, and I'm holding hands with someone. ..I can't quite see...and then I'm in a bedroom, crying, and this vague.. .someone is yelling at me, saying that because I signed that form, we can't have babies, and it's all my fault for screwing my sister. It feels so real that I sit up, gasping and panting... And that's when I notice that I have claws for feet, and I'm dressed in a red kimono. \"What's the matter, honey?\" Amanda moaned groggily. \"I...I...I had a nightmare,\" I cried in a voice several octaves higher than it should be. Amanda's eyes flew open, taking in my unusual body configuration with startled surprise. \"What?\" \"I don't know! You tell me!\" My hands and body flickered, then returned to normal. Well, semi-normal. \"You just had a nightmare,\" she said. \"It happens.\" \"What do you mean, it happens?\" I cried. \"The transformation?\" \"Sometimes.\" She shut her eyes. \"So I could go to bed and wake up a rat woman.\" \"Yes,\" she sighed. \"Go back to sleep.\" Easier said than done. I just laid there, staring at the ceiling.[Chapter 27] JESSICA [0000] I thought I saw the cop's head pop up in the window, but then it vanished. Ignore it, I thought. Ignore him and bird lady. So. Back to me and Chad. He dammed my beaver. It turns out that his large kangaroo feet weren't an accurate measurement of what's in his thong, but it was close . I'm absolutely certain there are no circumcisions done in comics or cartoons , but, well, he had been drawn like he'd gotten one. The sensation of him inside me was...a little hard, I mean, difficult to describe. It wasn't like flesh. It was, well, paint, slick and plastic-like. I love slick and plastic-like. In fact, I have a few hidden in drawers around my apartment. And then there's my Hello Kitty battery powered toothbrush... Anyway. So he's enjoying himself, I'm enjoying myself, and the beaver, well, he's got his eyes shut, buzzing away. I decided to just ignore him and slap him a few times when he got carried away . I pulled hard on Chad's tail and chewed on his ears, biting until it drew blood. He whimpered, but...it was still business as usual between his legs. I got sick of the ball gag, tortured him by just sitting on him while I unfastened it, then got going again, involving our mouths this time. \"Who-o-ooh!\" I saw a bird-like silhouette flash by the windows, heard cussing and swearing as the body collided with another shape that looked suspiciously like Officer Harris. The cop screamed and fell. \"Guess she's good for something after all,\" I muttered. \"She definitely does have her moments.\" A couple times, one or both of Chad's hands would pop out of the handcuffs and grab my butt. When I asked about it, he said he was able to do that \"Because it was funny.\" I said it was sexier than it was funny, but he replied that it was funny to him . I'd say that explains why I didn't laugh when I watched Roger Rabbit . We got more worked up, things became more urgent. We made weird noises together, sometimes in unison. At one point, I got a little too carried away. \"Oh yes,\" I cried, my toes curling in ecstasy. \"Booga!\" Chad froze suddenly, looking upset. I actually felt him shrivel inside me . \"Why did you call me that?\" I swallowed. \" You look like him. That's all. I swear. I've only seen him as a two dimensional image. On paper. And you're way cuter. I promise I'll never call you that again.\" I put his ear in my mouth, gnawing on it with my teeth, hand yanking his tail. \"You can't do this with a comic book.\" \"Si,\" he said. \"And neither can you this.\" He explored my mouth, gripping my buttocks as he thrust himself into me. I must have made some weird noises, for I heard him saying, \"Your birdsong is like a chipmunk and a small bear attacking a parakeet with their genitals. I like it.\" I giggled, making that noise again. Our movements increased at a frenzied rate, rising and falling, gasping and moaning, And then... And then... A window came open next to the bed. The cop popped his head in, hand waving a cartoon gun. \"Cool World Police!\" he yelled. He didn't get to finish, but I did . Something literally exploded. At first, we just hit a climax, the top of that final downhill slide, Chad under me looking... ready as he'll ever be , and then two things happened at once. First, I heard Chad moaning in pleasure as something that felt like paint gushed into me. How do I know how it feels to have paint up there? I'm an artist and I experiment with paint. Martian Kissing Gardens Number 1 to 10 (acrylic on canvas). They should still be on display at the Belger Art Space if you want to see them. Anyways. A second later, as I'm hitting my own pleasurable release, the entire room lit up. In fact, my whole body lit up, and his, and all the windows shatter. The cop went flying into the city below. At this point, I'm not thinking about anything because I'm having the mother of all orgasms. We're just glowing and...doing our thing as waves of pleasure wash over us. That's when the earthquake happened. The entire apartment shakes, the walls crack and split, and I'm just absently watching it occur...because I'm still busy . Thankfully, the quake stopped. I slumped down exhausted on Chad's chest, giggling as I gazed up into his eye. \"Did the earth move for you too?\" He laughed. For a few minutes, we lay there, wrapped in each other's arms (again, \"it was funny\"), basking in the afterglow. My body flickered , like a light. When I looked down at my thighs, my arms, I saw I was animated. I'd been made into a cartoon! I laughed and squealed in delight. My sex partner...well, that was the truly weird part. There was a live action movie called Tank Girl , released a few years ago. It had Ice T or Ice Cube as a mutant kangaroo. Chad...he kinda reminded me of the rapper's rather mentally slow companion. The cute one Drew Barrymore slept with. Mine...was kinda like that, except for, you know, the eyepatch. And maybe his eyes weren't as dull. Stubby muzzle, shorter ears, rough looking hairy features...but soft to the touch. Skin almost the color of coffee with creamer in it. I still liked what I saw. He turned real and cartoon at odd times. I, on the other hand, remained consistently animated, maybe blinking human for a bit every eight or ten minutes. I didn't know Harris had entered the room until he was standing over the bed, pointing a pistol at me. \"All right, Malley. Off the kangaroo.\" I sat back on Chad's lap. \"I can't. I'm...stuck. \" He rolled the dots he had for eyes. \" Then get unstuck. \" Chad picked up an alarm clock from a nearby stand, you know, like he were dead tired and checking to see what time it was. A trapdoor opened in the floor. Harris disappeared with an angry shout. I leaned over the side... a little , but couldn't see much of anything. \"Where'd he go now?\" \"The garbage chute.\" \"Why do you have a garbage chute next to your bed?\" \"I have other enemies. This kind of thing happens often. And when I get sick...\" I grimaced in disgust. \"Don't finish that sentence. What happens if you get up in the middle of the night and want to get a good look at your clock?\" \"I do not do this standing up.\" He frowned. \"Except once. I took many showers. \" We continued to lay in each other's arms, enjoying... being stuck . I suddenly heard a sharp knock on one of the windows. Oh. He had them fixed. Handy guy. Automatic window replacement. Chad said he put it in after several home invasions. All he has to do is twist the eye of the tentacled thing on the bed, and a new set rolled up in place of the broken ones. ...Or breaks the existing ones if you do something weird in your sleep. He said he'd done both. I don't know how Harris got in. Glass cutters, or maybe the stairs, I guess. Whoever it was kept knocking. \"Owl Woman?\" I asked. \"I...do not think so,\" Chad said. \"Owl Woman has tools . That is how she got rid of the bomb (Owl Woman Issue 12-Ed) and leaves me birthday and Christmas presents.\" He actually said the editorial insert. I frowned at him. \"Owl Woman seems...very strange.\" \"She is,\" he said. \"But I am happy that she cares.\" The knocking got louder, and I heard a female voice crying, \" Excuse me !\" I dismounted my `steed', stomping to the window, where a humanoid female bluebird stood in a nurse's uniform with a briefcase clutched in one feathered hand. \"We're busy,\" I yelled. The bird put a paw on her hip, giving me this, `Now really' look. With a sigh, I opened the window, and the bird stepped in, touching up her brown hair. \"My name is Cupcake with National Baby Farms, Worldwide Child Cabbage Patch LLC. Also known as the NBF. Our systems detected sexual intercourse in this location, and I need to ask you a few questions. Is this a bad time?\" \"No, no,\" I said with a grin. \"This is a wonderful time.\" She unfolded her briefcase into a desk, and a very strange conversation followed. Apparently all cartoons are born in a cabbage patch, and we violated something or another, so we had to fill out forms if we wanted a baby. After all, Chad probably only filled me with paint. \"Oh please let me register!\" I cried. \"This would be like a dream come true!\" Cupcake gave me this ugly look, then handed me a giant stack of papers to sign. I was told there would be a fee as well, but Chad said not to worry about it. The packet was called the HDBB 2900, and it was huge. I almost wished Drew were there to walk me through it, because the bird was a little short tempered, and Chad didn't understand any more about the thing than I did. We must have filled out paperwork for hours, and while we did this, the thunder rumbled so much I thought it would flash flood. The paperwork was... rather personal . I had to tell Cupcake my family ancestry, which of course I didn't know all the way back, my place of employment, the amount of times I intended to sleep with Chad, whether or not I would seek other partners in the future...I'm not sure there was anything about me Cupcake didn't eventually learn through the course of this ridiculous mound of paperwork. Somewhere near the end of all this, Cupcake pulled a long syringe out of her pocket, a syringe with an even longer needle. \"You may find the next stage of the process rather...unpleasant, but it is necessary for successful infant production.\" \"You're taking a blood sample?\" \"Yes, Ms...\" \"Malley...\" I glanced at Chad. \"... Buckthorn .\" Chad blushed. \"So your answer is yes? You will marry me?\" I nodded. Cupcake cleared her throat. \"Very well, then, Ms. Malleybuckthorn. I'm going to need a blood sample, a pint right now, but we'll need another one later.\" \"What is this for?\" I asked. \"We need it to combine your genetic material with that of your... fiancee .\" She said the last word with an expression of distaste. \"We've used a similar method with other parties , and it has worked successfully.\" \"Why don't you just take some of my ovaries?\" I suggested. The bird blinked several times, staring at me in bafflement. \"What are those.\" I laughed. \"Seriously? You don't know?\" \"Information of that nature is above my pay grade, Ms. Malleybuckthorn. I was only sent here to audit your sexual transaction. I know neither about uteruses nor ovaries. I only know what Headquarters has assigned me to discuss with you.\" I fought down a giggle, trying to remain proper and serious, for the bird appeared to have no sense of humor. \"Ma'am, an ovary is a sort of egg stuck to a special lining inside my vagina. These eggs contain tons of genetic material, so if you can just take one out , and I don't know, use it to do whatever you do with cartoon babies, I'm sure it'll work better than a blood sample. You only...have to figure out how to remove them.\" The bird blinked like a frog in a hailstorm. After pausing in thought for a long time, to the tune of the Jeopardy theme song, she at last blurted, \"Would it inconvenience you to accompany me to our reproductive services department?\" \"Oh no,\" I said with a excited grin. \"I can't wait to see this place!\" The bird visibly shuddered. I glanced at my boyfriend. \"Honey, could you be a dear and fetch me my cape?\"[Chapter 28] DREW I sat up in bed, absently gazing at a wall, which now held my drawing of Amanda, framed. Amanda had put it up while painting the repairs, and it kept looking at me. Even now, the ugly doodle was giving me this worried look, like it cared whether or not I was getting a good night's rest. I suppose, as an extension of Amanda's personality, it might. Still, I couldn't sleep. I was expected at work this coming Monday. My car was parked at the funeral home. There was a time limit on parking there. I would have to get a new license, speak to the hotel manager about damages, try not to go to jail. My rent was due in a week. I had utility payments, insurance, and a payment for service on that cel phone I had left in the hotel room. But then I look down and see little rodent feet sticking out of a kimono. Can I really go home looking like this? And Jessica... whatever . She was a lost cause. The woman wasn't going to help me now. She was apparently busy... giving the NBF something interesting to do . \"It seems you're picking up doodle sleeping habits,\" Amanda groaned, scooting close to me, her arm wrapping around my waist as she rested her head on my hip. \"You know,\" I stammered. \"If I didn't know any better...\" \"Draw your own conclusions,\" she replied with a mischievous smirk. I groaned and let it be. At least I was unresponsive. I'm not sure if it were I that had woken her up, or the earthquake and the constant thundering I heard going on outside. No flickering on her. One hundred percent human. \"Something bothering you?\" she said gently. \"I need to get out of here,\" I said, my voice still unpleasantly high pitched. \"I have a life. I need to go back to it.\" \"Why can't this be your life?\" she purred. \"You of all people should know the answer to that one,\" I said as my body flickered into a cartoon identical to what I look like in real life. \"You were trying so hard to be human...\" I rubbed my muzzle. \"Look, is there a hole in reality somewhere they we can open, to get out of this nuthouse?\" \"You're a rat , honey,\" Amanda said, and it was true. I was now kimono rat without the kimono, or underwear. \"That maybe so,\" I said. \"But I have a name badge and a job , and I'm going to get fired if I don't go in. Also, my car is probably impounded by now, and I have to take care of that too. Real or not, I need to move that car!\" \"You don't have a driver's license,\" she said. \"I'm animated ,\" I countered. \"I do want to see your world...\" \"Holli!\" we said in unison. \"Yes,\" said Amanda. \"She does have a dimensional hole in her suite.\" She frowned at me in my adult Drew Scout form. \"Are you sure you want to do this in your state?\" I turned noid. \"I need this , Amanda. For my sanity.\" \"Fine.\" She slipped back into her nearly indecent rubber superhero costume. The costume had vanished shortly after the...afterglow, but somehow she was able to pull it out from under a sheet and dress herself with it. \"Don't you have anything... more modest you can wear?\" She shrugged. \"Not really. They're all animated.\" \"I'm wearing animated clothes,\" I said. \"The point is moot.\" Amanda's eyes darted back and forth. \"Don't say the m word again. I'd rather not have that thing in here again.\" \"I take it that's a pun of some kind.\" \"Yes.\" \"Okay,\" I said. \"C'mon and grab something out of Vanessa's wardrobe so we can go.\" \"This is kind of sweaty,\" she said as she peeled off the rubber outfit. As Little Drew, I watched her strip naked and pull a cartoon blouse and skirt out of a drawer hidden in the bookshelves. As a doodle, my jaw dropped to the floor, and I had to quickly push it back in when she looked at me. I hated myself for it. The dress was purple, the long sleeved blouse yellow. It looked like something Babs Bunny would wear. She straightened the skirt, grinned when she noticed my facial expression. \"Let's go.\" I followed her out the door, one minute clad in a kimono, the next in my animated suit, a Scout uniform or my boxers. I didn't care, I just wanted out of that place. Amanda knocked on Holli's door. \"Mother?\" \"Oh now you want to call me mother,\" a voice grumbled from the other side. \"I had to,\" Amanda said. \" You know why. Mother, it's done .\" I heard nothing for about a minute. I turned into Adult Drew Scout again. The watch didn't seem to tell me much of anything, except what I was when it was happening. I didn't know what good Amanda got out of it, and this wasn't the right time to ask. \"Mom. I said it's done. The thing. \" \"I heard.\" I reddened. Literally. \"You did?\" \"Yes!\" the voice groaned. \"I'm sure the whole damn building heard.\" I blushed deeper, my animated form turning a solid magenta. \"Mom,\" Amanda said. \"Drew wants to go back home. The tear is in your room .\" I suddenly turned into an animated hobo clown, with overalls and a hole in my giant shoes. I don't know why. Maybe I was frowning too much? \"Are you going after The Spike?\" Holli asked. \"I don't need it, mom. I'm cured!\" The door came open, and dad's animated slut stared at us both for a long time, her daughter especially, since, you know, she expected flickering. Holli then looked at me. At that particular moment, I just so happened to be Kimono Rat. She burst out laughing. \"Is this him? Is this Deebes' son?\" \"What do you think?\" I cried indignantly in my squeaky voice. I had a paw to the side of my face, the other on my hip. When I flickered, I was myself, in my boxers, doing that same exact pose. This made her laugh again. \"What can we do for him?\" Amanda asked. \"He needs the Spike of Power. Only that will heal him.\" \"Does it happen to be at the Union Plaza Hotel?\" I said. \"I know Jessica... my friend , was looking for that, but I didn't believe the stories.\" \"Oh it's real, Drew. I touched it .\" \"Then why do you still flicker?\" \"I...I tried to take The Spike. That's why all the...doodles came into your world. For a time it did heal me, and I did stay completely animated, but then your father snatched The Spike out of my hands and put it back where it was.\" \"So it only cures you if you're holding it?\" I asked. \"That doesn't seem very helpful. Unless maybe you can chip off a piece and make it into a necklace... or a pill ...\" \"You see,\" Holli said. \"I originally thought that if you could somehow turn the real world into Cool World, you know, animated , I'd either go back to normal or at least inhabit a world that doesn't care if I'm animated or not.\" \"That sounds like a terrible idea,\" I said as Adult Boxer Scout. \"But I still want to go back there and see this thing.\" She sighed. \"Right this way.\" I followed Holli to the hole outside her bedroom. \"All me and Jack had to do was grab this hole and stretch it open, and we fell right through.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" I said, rubbing my hands together. \"Wait,\" she said. \"I want to see The Spike. I won't let you do this unless you take me along.\" I frowned at her. \"Uh, based on what you've just told me about your adventures with The Spike, I'm not sure that's such a good idea. I mean, it's like you have cancer, and you're trying to give everyone else in the world cancer so they can accept you. Why not just try to cure the disease?\" \"I'm not an idiot, Drew. I've been thinking about this since you were in preschool. I'm not going to make the same mistake twice. I've thought about it, and I've come up with a plan.\" She reached behind her cardboard sofa, pulling out a roll of black film the width of a piece of paper, and a device that looked like part of a coffee machine. \"Here's the plan. We don't... remove The Spike, we simply put in a spigot . Put a little valve on it, and drink the fluids that come out. The doodles that come out from under The Spike are pure concentrated animation, a disembodied liquid with eyes. We only need to filter out the eyes, and we'll have the cure.\" \"That's not going to make us human.\" Ironically, that's when I turned real, clad in the cartoon tux. \" Fully human.\" \"It will once I make the antidote.\" \"Are you sure that won't just make The Dip?\" \"The Dip is made of paint thinner and other solvents. This will be-\" \"The anti-doodle,\" I said. \"I still think it will kill `toons.\" I sighed, turning into Hobo Clown as I did so. \"Fine. I like your Cartoon Espresso Machine idea better than the first one you described.\" She gestured for me to grab the edge of the `dimensional tear'. The hole widened as I tugged, my hands flickering like a strobe light as they made contact with the opening. The punk rocker's living room was within sight. I could see all the furniture and everything. A much wider view than I had gotten last time. It seemed nobody was there. I had no idea what hour it had gotten to, but it appeared to be night, judging by the darkness outside the sliding glass door. I managed to make the hole widen to roughly the size of my head, but it kept shrinking, making me worry about guillotine slicing off body parts...or parts of them. Amanda grabbed the opening as well, which helped somewhat, but it was like a rubber band. The moment I relaxed, it slipped out of Amanda's grip, and it snapped back to its previous tiny shape. \"Your father and I always had trouble with that one. You're better off using the one in my room.\" Not wanting to get anywhere near Holli's bed, I stubbornly insisted on trying again. I failed. This time, when the hole snapped back to its original shape, it was gone. Failure. Amanda and I exchanged knowing glances. Her face seemed to say, `Getting anything out of this?' I rolled my eyes. \"You've just made several doodles in Cool World very happy,\" Holli groaned. \"They'd love it if all these conduits to reality suddenly vanished.\" She opened her bedroom door. \"C'mon.\" All of a sudden, I Riffraff jumped out from behind Holli's two dimensional couch, blocking my path. \"And where are you going, slave?\" I shrugged. \"I'm not a slave tonight, remember? I promise I'll be a good slave. I just need to get a few things in the real world taken care of first, okay?\" His eyes narrowed. \"You'd better not be lying.\" I just shook my head. Of course I was lying. But then, since I was a real human ... \"Why are your fingers crossed behind your back?\" the cat asked. I had turned back into the Scout. \"Dammit.\" Fuming at him enough to have animated steam blowing out my ears, I said, \"Fine. Just tonight. Dammit .\" \"Don't worry,\" said Amanda. \"He'll make good on his promise. I'll bring him back soon enough.\" \"Great!\" Riffraff said with a grin. \"And I'll come along just to make sure it happens!\" Sighing, I followed Holli to the other hole, the one looking into the teen's bedroom. I pulled the hole wider and found myself the witness of a very unpleasant scene. It was the girl and the guitar enthusiast. It seemed they were boyfriend and girlfriend, but things had gone south. I missed whatever transpired previously, but what I did catch was rather depressing. It seemed the two had just finished sexual intercourse, and now the man was taking off. He stood, bare chested, pulling his jeans back on. The man was not model material. His arms were unmuscular, and I could see his ribs. Someone had even messed up his tattoos. Hideous ugly things they were. I could have made better tattoos than that, and I have no talent. Something with skulls, Japanese writing and a rather poorly drawn woman. His hair was a sloppy mess, though I wasn't sure if it had been any tidier before they hopped in the sack. The girl sat topless in her bed, her purple hair in disarray. Her freckly chest was slight in terms of breast size, but still feminine. In addition to the three piercings on her left ear, the single one to the right, the lip and eyebrow piercings, she also had nipple rings. I even saw a sliver of gold or copper glinting from her belly button. \"So that's it then?\" the girl, Dane, was yelling. \"You just screw me and say goodbye just like that.\" The man only shrugged, zipping his fly. \"You're leaving because of the baby, aren't you. Because you're too chicken to be a man and take some responsibility!\" \"Maybe I'm just tired of your shit. Maybe I just want a little peace when I get home, and instead all I'm hearing is a bunch of bitching and complaining. Maybe I have to bust my ass to take care of you, and you don't do anything in return but sit around and draw those stupid pictures you can't even sell to put food on the table. And now you're going to have a baby and I'm supposed to take care of that too .\" He pulled on a t-shirt with some punk band on it, The Jesus Lizards, featuring a crucified iguana. I'd never heard of the group, but I guessed it to be one of those bands that tries to be controversial in order to increase sales. \"But where am I going to live? Who's going to take care of my baby?\" \"Figure it out. Maybe you can get off that pasty ass of yours and get a real job for once. I hear the IRS is hiring.\" \"Oh, and you're mister high and mighty because you work at Autozone and play your gigs at sleazy dives!\" The man glared at her, waving his fist threateningly. \"I make it a rule not to hit women. Don't make me change my mind.\" The girl shrank away from him. \"You're still sleeping with Sheryl, aren't you?\" \"That's none of your concern.\" The girl jumped from her bed with a scream, beating on him with her fists before dropping to the floor and crying. The man turned and stomped out the bedroom door, slamming it thunderously behind him. I sighed, feeling sorry for the girl, and really uncomfortable about entering the room after such a dramatic scene. I would have said something to the young woman in apology, but I had held entire conversations outside the rip in reality without anyone seeming to hear. \"It's the only way,\" Amanda said. \"We have to go in there.\" And so I grabbed the tear, stretching the opening wider, Amanda helping me to get enough room to actually go through. When she saw us making good progress, Holli actually helped us. The opening remained stable looking,but I wasn't sure for how long. I took a deep breath and jumped through. I fell on a floor scattered with discarded laundry, pizza boxes, crumpled drawings, rock magazines and biographies of rock musicians. A fuzzy white kitten was stupidly hissing at me from the top of a small mound of women's garments. The girl's dressers were beat up, falling apart, with clothing bursting from the half pushed in drawers. Amanda fell on top of me as she entered the room, but Holli seemed more practiced, stepping down onto a mound of papers without losing her step. Riffraff joined us. The girl, not wearing a stitch of clothing, and seeing all of us freaks entering her private dwelling, let out a frightened scream. \"Oh my God!\" she cried as she draped herself with the nearest piece of fabric, a pair of denim pants. \"What the hell are you doing in my room!\" Her mouth fell wide open when she saw Riffraff. \"Oh my God! It's Garfield! I love that show!\" \"The name's Riffraff ,\" he said. \"Yeah,\" she said with a grin. \" Awesome. \" The cat waved sheepishly back. The grin faded when the girl saw Holli. \"You!\" she said, pointing at her. \"I saw you! In my mind ! I drew you! You were with...\" She frowned at me, narrowing her eyes as she thought about it. I had been flickering back and forth between animated to real so much that she said, \"What the hell are you ?\" I solidified for a minute, and she snapped her fingers. \"You're the guy !\" I nodded, turning into that grasshopper thing from The Brak Show . \"I saw you drawing us.\" \"Wow...\" The girl looked like she wanted to put some clothes on and get decent, but seemed to be afraid we'd disappear if she made the slightest move. \"Why are you...doing that? That flashing thing?\" \"He had sex with a doodle,\" Holli said. \"It happens.\" As if on cue, she turned real for a split second. \"Who are you?\" Dane asked her. Holli introduced herself. She pointed at Amanda. \"And you?\" \"Have you read the latest Cool World comics?\" I said. She frowned. \"No. What's that?\" Part of me was annoyed that she didn't know what Cool World was. The other part was glad, because I always did think that dad's success dwarfed everything I did. \"Never mind. Listen, can we borrow your car?\"[Chapter 29] \"You want...to borrow my car?\" the girl stammered. \"Yeah,\" I said as Scouter Drew. \"All I need is a lift to the Union Plaza Hotel, to get my keys, and back to J.D. Newcomer's and Sons on Twelfth Street.\" \"Why are we going to a funeral home?\" \"They declared my dad dead. The service was symbolic, because we didn't have a body. But my car is still parked there.\" \"Jack's not dead,\" Amanda said. \"Why would they do that?\" \"In real life, people do that if a person disappears for too long,\" I said as a human in boxers. \"You get a certain amount of years, and they officially declare it. We've had private investigators checking anything they could check. But of course they weren't able to check Cool World. At least we didn't have to buy a coffin.\" \"What are you guys?\" Dane asked. \"How did you get here?\" I turned into a rat. \"Well...\" I explained the situation. \"That's ridiculous,\" Dane said. \"But you are animated, and it explains a lot about my visions.\" Now I was Drew Scout. \"You're only at the tip of the Ridiculous Iceberg.\" For a moment, I just froze, listening. Listening for the ever present soundtrack that had followed me everywhere in Cool World, including Amanda's bedroom. Now that it was gone, everything seemed strangely quiet. I heard nothing but the uncomfortable shifting of my friends and my new (still unclothed) acquaintance in the clutter. Riffraff tapped on the wall. \"Where's the background music?\" Thank God, I thought. \"I can put on the stereo if you want,\" Dane said. \"Please don't,\" I begged. \"You don't know how happy it makes me to hear... nothing for a change.\" Amanda nodded. \"He's right. It's...beautiful.\" Dane rolled her eyes. \"You're weird.\" Riffraff knelt in front of the kitten, smiling and waving to it. The real feline hissed and dove under the bed. \"Wow.\" Dane shook her head in disbelief. \"This has got to be a dream.\" I just looked at her, turning human. \"I wish it was.\" The young woman cleared her throat. \"Look, you guys are awesome, and I'd like to help you out, but could you please turn around and let me get dressed? Don't disappear, just turn around, okay?\" \"Sure,\" I said, turning to face her closet. As I stared at the skirts and dresses and tops through the partially opened door, I got an idea. \"Say, uh, Dane. Would you mind if my sister borrows some of your clothing?\" \"Only if I can keep her clothes .\" I rolled my eyes, thinking about Jessica's obsession. \"Deal. I'm sure there's plenty more where that came from.\" Amanda scowled a little, but nodded. I thought about mentioning Holli's state of attire, but at the moment, the doodle looked human, and the long white dress she had on looked decent enough to wear in public. The slit up the side was, perhaps, in poor taste, but I'd seen worse on reality shows and awards programs. Amanda's outfit, on the other hand, wasn't turning real, making her stick out too much. I suppose it didn't matter with me changing all the time, and Riffraff being himself, but I thought I'd try. \"Are you sure it'll fit?\" Dane asked. \"She looks a little bigger than me.\" Then, to be polite, she quickly added, \" Taller , I mean.\" And then she did a double take. \"How do you know my name?\" I pointed at the glowing hole in the wall. \"I saw a few things.\" She suddenly looked like she wanted to crawl away and hide. \"Do...I want to know what those are?\" \"I think we missed that part ,\" I said. \"But I saw what you did the night before ,\" Holli said. She clapped her hands. \"Bravo!\" Dane let out a sound that seemed to be a cross between an angry yell and an embarrassed sob. \"I don't know whether to kill you or give you an encore.\" \"Encore, please,\" Riffraff said. Dane threw a sock at him. I turned into Adult Drew Scout, frowning at my state of undress. Amanda opened the door wider, holding a couple different tops up to her chest, some with a Beetlejuice type of stripe motif, the other black with ripped sleeves and a skull over one breast. \"I think I have a large Korn shirt you can wear,\" Dane said. Amanda gave me a stupid look. \"Noids wear shirts made of corn?\" \"It's a rock band,\" I explained. \"But I have heard of shirts being made of hemp fiber.\" \"What's hemp?\" I frowned. \"It's a plant . Never mind.\" Dane, now clad in a bra and distressed jeans, tossed Amanda a shirt from one of the dressers. My sister threw off her ink and paint blouse, pulling on a black tee with that iconic Todd McFarlane image of the kid playing hopscotch on a cliff. Amanda let out a little noise that was almost sexual as she pressed the fabric to her body and moved it around. \"Ooh! I like how this feels!\" \" Oh brother ,\" I groaned. She poked at her shirt, as if trying to see if she could move the drawing of the kid away from danger. The icon didn't move, much to my delight. Amanda pulled the collar over her button nose for a moment, inhaling deeply. \"This shirt has an interesting fragrance.\" \"It's probably cigarette smoke,\" Dane said, rubbing my sister's discarded animated top between her fingers. \"Sorry about that!\" Amanda sniffed her shirt again. \"I only meant...it's nice .\" I smacked my face. It would appear that, in this world, Amanda was going to end up being not much more than a developmentally stunted female man child. I saw a future of shoe tying and leading her by the hand through cross-walks. I could already imagine her standing in line at the local Carl's Jr., with a transparent wallet necklace like those people from The Home. Amanda had no chance of survival. Now wearing a Marilyn Manson t-shirt, Dane stepped around me to pull a plaid skirt out of the closet. \"This one's a bit oversized, but I haven't worn it since Catholic school, so it might not be as big as I think.\" Amanda threw off her Babs skirt and pulled the other skirt on, not caring that other individuals were in the room, looking at her ink-and-paint panties. The skirt turned out to be shorter than knee length, but still decent enough for her to go outside. In fact, she looked a bit...frumpy. \"Wonderful,\" I said. \"I think you'll blend right in.\" Even her nose wasn't that... unrealistic . My grandpa had a nose that appeared to be swollen that bad, though not as nice looking. \"This is going to sound weird,\" Dane said. \"But would you also like some underwear? I mean, right now if you uncross your legs, it's going to look like you're hiding a flashlight up there.\" She offered her a pair from a drawer. \"Don't worry, they're clean.\" Amanda put them on without a second's thought. Her eyes widened, as if maybe she were enjoying the texture a little too much. \"I'm...guessing they fit?\" She nodded. I noticed Dane eying the glowing pair. \"You're not seriously going to wear that, are you?\" The girl blushed. \"I was thinking about washing it first...\" She offered Amanda a bra, but it wasn't the right size, so we gave it up. It seemed I had been standing there as a human in my underwear for awhile, for I noticed the girl giggling at me and looking at me funny, maybe more than funny, if you get my meaning. Eventually, though, she threw me a pair of her boyfriend's baggy cargo pants and a shirt advertising some band called Ryngwyrm. Naturally I turned into Scouter Drew a few seconds after I got dressed. \"Ms. Gatson,\" Holli said. \"You have something we want under your foundation. It is a very precious personal possession of mine, and I'd like your permission to excavate beneath your flooring.\" \"Wow, mom,\" Amanda said. \" You almost sounded real when you said that!\" Holli just scowled at her. The look she gave was, `You fool, you just ruined everything.' Dane frowned. \"Lady, I like you, but this isn't my place. It's a rental . If you tear up my, the floor, the property manager is going to get upset and probably charge me a lot of money. I'm already on shaky terms with her. Is there something else I can do?\" \"Yes,\" I said, glaring at Holli. \" Taking us to the Union Plaza will be fine. \" And then, in a lower tone, I told Holli, \"Let's check for that spike at the hotel before we violate her lease agreement, okay?\" She looked puzzled. \"What's a lease agreement?\" \"Oh, right,\" I said with skepticism. \"And your suite doesn't have one. You can just break any old thing you want, no questions asked.\" Looking completely serious, she said, \"Yes.\" I groaned. \"Well that's not here , and there are penalties . Just go with me on that one, all right?\" \"Fine.\" I turned into Hyperrealistic But Still Animated Drew. \"Plus, I really tore up that hotel, so it's easier to conceal the damage, if you want to ransack the place .\" Suddenly I feel my shirt wiggle, and I see Extra popping out of a pocket. Dane said it was \"awesome,\" but to me it only added to the cartoon clutter that was preventing me from going back to my normal life. The bird took to wing, circling around me, chirping happily. \"Hey, little guy!\" I said with a smile. He looked around for a moment, then said, \"Hello, master!\" I blinked. \"You talk? What about your contract?\" Extra cast a suspicious glance at the hole in reality. \"I receive no penalties for talking out here.\" \"Why can't you talk in there? What can they really do to you?\" The bird shuddered. \"Bad things, man. Bad things . They made my cousin into a kookoo clock, and my aunt, they forced her to work in a sweat shop making table legs and baseball bats. Even her chicks have to make toothpicks. Freaking toothpicks !\" I pressed the bird to my face in sort of a hug. \"Do you know who's doing this?\" Whimpering, Extra returned the embrace. \"The place is called CC KnickKnocker, a subsidiary of Terious Industries.\" \"Any relation to Miss Terious?\" He nodded his head vigorously. \"Your old girlfriend is allying herself with the wrong doodles. Me, JJ and Lamont sneaked out through Hammerspace, but T-Bone and Tito have no sense. They're still with that chick. I mean...\" He whistled. \"Her tits are nice, but not that damn nice .\" Extra shook his head in disgust. \"You know what my aunt has to do in that factory? Lathe duty . They turn a block of wood on a machine and press her beak against it...\" He choked down a sob. \"And they keep grinding...and grinding...\" \"But wouldn't that eventually...grind her beak down to a little nub?\" The bird nodded. A tear dripped down his cheek. \"What happens then?\" \"That's...when they erase you.\" The thought grieved him so much that he laid flat on a dresser, staring dejectedly at the messy floor. I felt so bad for the bird that I wanted to visit this KnickKnocker place myself and start busting heads. I clenched my paws, clamping my buckteeth together. A Chinese symbol on my kimono glowed a hot blue-white. I was even growling. \"That's animal cruelty! Someone should do something about this!\" Extra sighed. \"Master, it has been happening long before you and Amanda were born. You should not concern yourself about it. I and my family have survived well enough over the years without any help.\" A tear rolled down my furry face, doing that sparkly star thing they do in those Japanese cartoons. Riffraff looked a little sad himself. \"Master, you shed tears for me?\" Extra said. \"Why?\" \"I don't know,\" I said, shedding more. \"Why do you call me master?\" \"You brought me back from death. I am now bonded to you.\" \"Are you really a Car-X bird?\" \"No,\" he said. \"You're thinking of my cousins.\" I sighed. \"What's your real name, bird?\" \"It used to be Bubba, but you have named me. Once an owner names you, it cannot be taken back.\" He suddenly looked like he were trying to swallow a beakful of gravel. \"In Cool World, you must only use the name you have given me, or I may disappear and you may never see me again.\" \"So someone actually enforces your contract,\" I muttered. \"Where are your friends? The ones that didn't stay with Jessica?\" Extra dove into my clothing, then popped back out. \"They're gone!\" I looked at him sadly. \"Did they...get grabbed?\" \"I...don't know. I hope not. Once a Rewrite or a Hammerbeast gets you, it's all over.\" Not wanting to dive back into Cool World just to save a bunch of birds, I said, \"Would it help if an artist draws a comic about your family being rescued?\" \"Drew!\" Holli said. \"Remember what I told you about Cool World existing before the artist draws it! \" \"I wish I could help you,\" I said as an animated sad clown. \"But I have a life. In reality. \" \"It's okay,\" Extra replied. \"I did not solicit your aid. I am fortunate enough to receive the gift of your tears. It is enough.\" \"He has a year of service to fulfill,\" Riffraff said. \"He'll have plenty of time to help you.\" In response, the bird joyfully nuzzled my cheek, making my stomach churn with unease. Cool World was starting to feel like a black hole, sucking me away from where I really needed to be, and it seemed I wouldn't be able to turn my back on it without hurting someone. \"Are you sure you need a car?\" Dane asked. \"It sounds like you need to go back and help the little bird.\" Extra looked at me hopefully, which made it even more awkward. I turned into Marvin the Martian. \"I can do that... later . I'm sure...it won't take... that long .\" \"We have to do something here first,\" Holli added. \"Right,\" the girl groaned. \"A trip to a hotel in the middle of the night. I guess I've done that before... \" \"Dane,\" I said as a regular human in jeans and a t-shirt. \"I'm really sorry about the intrusion, but I'm glad you took it so well, and lent us these clothes. I promise I'll be out of your hair as soon as we get a few things straightened out with my car and personal affects.\" \"You think I actually want that?\" she exclaimed. \"You guys are cool! Especially Garfield. Don't go!\" \"It's Riffraff ,\" the cat said. He spelled out his name. Dane giggled. \"Sorry.\" \"Thank you,\" Amanda said, doing a half curtsy with her skirt. \"For the help, and this outfit. It's pretty.\" The skirt actually looked frayed on the edges, and the sewing job was coming loose on a corner. \"I've been meaning to give that stuff to the thrift store anyway.\" I was now animated and wearing a Voltron pilot's costume, complete with helmet. Grinning, Dane led us out into a narrow carpeted hallway smelling of mildew and stale beer. I supposed we were in sort of an attic loft space, under a flat roof. I could pretty well reach up and touch the yellowing stucco ceiling. The hallway featured only a couple doors, a closed one with a psychedelic poster with skulls and mushrooms and checkerboard swirls tacked to it, the other obviously a bathroom, as the door had been left open. The girl angrily ripped a poster for a band called Mind Melt off the wall, then used it to squish a cockroach that had scurried out of a crack. \"Sorry for the mess. I wasn't expecting guests.\" \"It's okay,\" I said. \"You should see my place.\" We ran into the boyfriend at the middle of the carpeted stairs. \"What the hell?\" he cried in surprise. Dane didn't bother to explain. \"Back so soon?\" \"I just came to get my things,\" he answered. \"But he slammed the door!\" Riffraff whispered to me. \"Why is he back when he slammed the door?\" \"That's what happens in real life,\" I muttered back. \"When people say they're going, they don't always go for real. It's called an anticlimax. \" Riffraff rubbed his chin. \" If I had only known you could do that... \" \"Don't ruin your show,\" I said as I became an animated conquistador. \"What do you mean by that comment?\" Not wanting to get him upset, I said, \"I...uh, only meant, uh, I like how you are. Don't mess up...your life.\" \"You're on TV,\" Dane explained. The cat's eyes bugged out. \"I what!\" Before he could get an answer, Dane's boyfriend shouted \"Who are these freaks?\" \"It's not important,\" said Dane. \"Get your things and go.\" Suddenly the guy kissed her on the lips. The girl kicked up her heel like she didn't mind. \"Didn't they just break up?\" Riffraff said. \"Again,\" I said. \"It's called anticlimactic . Real life is full of it. Another example: Sometimes you won't have an idea about where to go on a date, and the girl won't either, so you just sit there.\" The cat frowned. \"I'm not sure I want to do that !\" While we talked, Dane had actually been kissing the guy back. But then she shoved him away and slapped him. \"Take your shit and get out of here!\" she yelled. The man nodded undramatically, marching up the steps. He stopped in front of me, now real and in my punk rock best. \"What's he doing wearing my clothes?\" \"You left them ,\" Dane said. \"And he was in his underwear. Unless you prefer to see him in his underwear, I wouldn't complain.\" The man narrowed his eyes. \"Why was he in his underwear.\" \"Someone stole my clothes,\" I said. \"It's complicated. I promise after today, you'll never see me again.\" I probably could have taken him in a fight, but I didn't want to. \"He's my new boyfriend,\" Dane said with an evil grin. \"I'll happily get out of your way once I get my car back,\" I said as a rat. Greg probably would have argued with me as a man, but I think the rat sold it. He pointed to the Riffraff. \"Is this Garfield?\" \"That's not any concern of yours,\" Dane said with a cold edge to her voice. \"The name's Riffraff!\" the cat yelled. The man stopped at the top of the stairs. \"Hey. How long is cannabis supposed to stay in your system?\" \" A long time ,\" I said, making myself look really serious. Of course, I was Kimono Rat when I was saying this. \"You need to lay off the stuff.\" Dane giggled. \"You hear that, Greg! Lay off the weed !\" Greg gave her the finger, to which she answered with a waggling tongue. He stomped away. The cat glared at me. \"What's this about me being on TV! Have you been spying on me?\" \"Dude,\" Dane said with a grin. \"You're famous. The world is spying on you. \" The cat stuck out his chest, looking proud. \"About ten years ago,\" I clarified. That deflated him somewhat. As Drew Scout, I wandered into the living room. The carpet was an unsightly yellow color, the sofas battered. I witnessed a mangy calico adding new rips in the ugly eyeball pattern drapes. A dirty, wobbly looking brown coffee table held visual evidence of the couple's questionable lifestyle. Beer cans, partially empty boxes of Chinese takeout, an ashtray containing a mix of Menthol Light 100's and `funny cigarettes', pizza delivery and Jimmy Johns menus and one of those packets of air freshener that people sniff to get high (and dead), K9? K10? Something like that. Originally I had been hungry for breakfast, but the air was thick with such heavy odors of old beer, cigarettes, stale pizza and Pepperidge Farm Goldfish crackers that I quickly lost my appetite. No sound but the house creaking and central air conditioning blowing through the vents. Glorious. Amanda picked up a DVD case, staring at the label. \"Who is Jackson Pollock?\" \"That's a good movie,\" Dane said. \"You want to watch it?\" My sister nodded, but I said, \"Maybe later. First I need to keep my car out of the impound lot.\" Dane opened the plastic case and found it empty. \"I know that DVD is around here somewhere... \" Probably in the Land of the Lost Stuff, I thought, but I didn't say it out loud. \"Later,\" I repeated as Naked Female Rat. \"I love how you decorate,\" Amanda said. \"And it smells interesting . It's so real !\" Dane rolled her eyes. \"I know. It's gross. I've been meaning to clean up.\" She took the takeout box to the kitchen, throwing it away. \"Um...car?\" I prompted, turning into Krusty the Clown as I spoke. Dane dug through a pile of bills, magazines and assorted debris. \"Just a minute.\" Greg came back downstairs, clad in a leather jacket. Instead of going out, he walked into the small kitchen, pouring himself a glass of orange juice. \"Isn't he supposed to be gone?\" I whispered to Dane. \"He does that ,\" she said with a shrug. \"Not very dramatic,\" my sister commented. \"That's because it's real,\" I said as a rat. \"Right,\" Riffraff muttered. \"Although these noids engage in self contradictory and confusing behavior, with very little thought paid to dramatic development or expanding their character arc, we should nonetheless be tolerant and respectful of their unique cultural heritage and not interfere with their lifestyle.\" I stared at the cat in shock. \"Did you... switch scripts with someone? A full of shit college professor, perhaps?\" The cat reddened. \"Um... meow ?\" \"They really remodeled the place,\" Holli remarked. \"I don't think it had an upstairs the last time I came here.\" I frowned. I'd only seen the place once, when mom was throwing stuff out, and that was when I was too young to really remember that much. I only recalled a couple of dad's murals. Bunnies and bikini chicks, I think. Holli marched over to one corner, staring into a small dining area. \"This used to be a studio, and there were drawings on the walls.\" \"I think they painted over them. I didn't see any when I moved in.\" Dane threw a few sofa cushions aside, searching the dirt and crumb encrusted box spring beneath. A second later, she was jangling a set of keys with a triumphant smile. What she hadn't noticed was that the remote control to her television had just vanished into a little black hole adjacent to the cushion. It seemed the stories about the Land of the Lost stuff and wavelengths were actually true. \"Where are you going?\" the guy asked. \"None of your business,\" Dane said, opening the front door. The boyfriend pushed around me and grabbed the girl, sliding his hands down her jeans as he kissed her. \"Stop,\" Dane cried, pushing him away, but Greg only answered, \"Goodbye\" and kissed her again. Now clad in the kimono, I clenched my paws into fists. \"Would you like me to intervene?\" Dane broke away from him. \"No. It's fine.\" And then she kissed him willingly. \"I don't understand,\" Riff said with a frown. \"If you figure it out,\" I said. \"Let me know. People seldom make sense.\" \"Bastard,\" Dane breathed as she stepped away from the guy. \"Snotty bitch,\" the young man said. Then he looked me in the eyes. \"What do you think? Should I keep her?\" \"Why are you asking me?\" I said. I was human, in a cartoon tux. I supposed that might have been it. \"I don't know,\" he said. Then, because I was a rat again, he gave me a weird look. \"It's none of my business,\" I said with my voice awkwardly high in pitch. \"But if you want my opinion, if she's about to have a baby, she needs to have someone there for the kid, and you're apparently the nearest responsible party.\" \"He's hardly responsible,\" Dane said. Amanda gave me this skeptical look, nonverbally reminding me of how I wasn't quite volunteering to take care of her baby problems. \"Wait,\" the man said, eying me with suspicion. \"How do you know about my baby?\" \" I told him ,\" Dane blurted before I could say anything. \"I mean her. \" And then, when she saw me turn into a person, \" It. \" \"It's a drugstore test,\" the man said. \"I don't know. I thought we were pretty careful.\" \"I know I was careful,\" Dane said. \"I don't know about you. \" \"It's entropy,\" I said as Hyperrealistic Cartoon Drew. \"There really isn't a perfect solution. Can we continue this discussion in your car?\" Dane frowned. \"Will you all fit?\" \"Probably,\" I said. \"We're mostly animated.\" \"I can sit on someone's lap,\" Riffraff said. Then he frowned at me. \"Except yours. I don't want anything springing up .\" \"I assure you, when I look at you, nothing ever springs up.\" \"Where are you going?\" Greg asked. \"None of your damn business,\" Dane said. \"Fine. I'm coming along.\" \" Fine. \" \" Anticlimactic,\" the cat muttered with awe. The exterior of the house didn't look that different from what I'd remembered from when dad lived there, except for maybe a fresh slap of paint. Of course, it was dark. That may have had something to do with it. Not much more than a bland cube surrounded by lifeless dirt, some astroturf-like patches of grass, and sickly shrubbery that had more in common with sagebrush than actual landscaping flora. Actual crickets were chirping. Although I could hear someone's car woofers blasting out rap music in the distance, that was in the distance . The quiet was nice. Dane's car was the ugliest POS I'd ever seen. An old brown Mercedes with peeling paint, a cracked windshield and a roof that appeared to have been sand blasted without being finished. She had to reach back over a seat to unlock and open the stubborn lock on the rear door, and the door only opened forty five degrees. The opposite one, she said, didn't open at all. The seats were bald in portions, with rough patches and gaping holes where the foam padding poked out. She had no carpet on the floors, only bald metal strewn with broken car parts. Part of the ceiling hung down in a loose bump. The stereo appeared to be the only thing on the vehicle that was actually new. \"I want a car just like this,\" Amanda said. \"I don't,\" I groaned. I slid all the way to the unopenable door, and Amanda got in next to me, followed by Holli and the cat, who had to sit on her lap in order to fit. The boyfriend sat up front, with the dashboard air vents that reminded me of crappy little jet engines. Dane took the driver's seat, which appeared to have been padded with a wheelchair cushion to replace the actual seat. She started up the engine, an uncertain sounding diesel rumble. The stereo blasted out Ska metal. \"You know how to get to the Union Plaza Hotel?\" I asked with opaque glasses. Dane turned down the stereo. When I repeated the question, she glanced at Greg. \"Didn't you have a gig there one time?\" \" I...think . It's been awhile.\" He took out his phone, using a GPS system to figure out the directions. Dane shifted gears, pulling away from the property. \"Rat man,\" Greg called over the music. \"Explain to me again why you were at my house in your shorts?\" I was real again. I guess that's what brought up the topic. \"I was with a girlfriend, not her, things were getting physical, and we got locked out of our hotel room. Oh, and I found a portal to a cartoon world.\" He laughed. \"If it wasn't for Garfield and friends, I'd say you were full of shit!\" \"Garfield!\" Riffraff cried in outrage. \"I didn't come here to be insulted!\" I shushed him, but it was no use. \"The name is Riffraff ! R-I-F-F...\" \"C'mon,\" I said as Naked Rat. \"He's been nice enough to let us ride in the car. Just bear with it for a couple more minutes, okay?\" \"I thought by now you would have known enough about me to understand that I don't-\" \"That you what? Don't have any patience?\" The cat frowned. \"Look!\" Amanda said, pointing at the window. \"The background changed!\" Riffraff stared in amazement. \"Son of a gun! It actually changes every second!\" \"Yeah,\" I groaned. \"But the windows haven't. It's hot.\" I asked Dane to open them. \"Sorry,\" she said. \"The thing is broken. They only go down partway, then they won't go back up.\" Riffraff and Amanda spent most of the trip staring out the window, pointing and asking me to explain various things. Thankfully it was dark, so I didn't have to explain a lot. Holli was interested too, but she seemed to know more than the others, so she kept her mouth shut. Up in the front seat, Dane turned on the stereo, blasting us with a CD of some punk music with really terrible lyrics. I don't mean offensive, I mean just plain bad . One of the songs literally had the chorus: \"You drive me, you drive me, you drive me crazy.\" And it did as advertised. While the music played, the couple argued, but the music drowned out whatever it was from prying ears. My guess was that they were trying to establish whether there was still a relationship going on, and whether he'd stick around if she had a baby. During a brief interlude between songs, I heard Greg yelling something about how a piece of plastic that you piss on isn't proof of anything. In response, she said something about not being able to afford her insurance payments. The rest got drowned out with music. Personally, that didn't bother me. What I couldn't accept, however, was Dane's annoying habit of driving with her knees instead of her hands, in order to gesticulate at him about...whatever. It was an accident waiting to happen. \"I can't understand what they're saying,\" Riffraff said. \"That's kind of the point,\" I replied as Cartoon Abraham Lincoln with a hat flattened by the car roof. \"They don't want to be heard arguing.\" \"But how am I supposed to know if something important is going to happen?\" \"You don't,\" I said as I de-animated. \"In the real world we have something called privacy .\" Riffraff looked at me like I were some kind of guru that had just spoken a very deep philosophical or religious truth. \" Wow... \" And then he just stared at the two in fascination. We stopped at the diesel pump at a BP station. \"What's going on?\" Riffraff said. My cartoon clothes popped back on. \" Cars require fuel. If you run out, the car won't work.\" He gawked at Dane as she slowly filled the tank, banging the air bubbles down every minute or so. \"Woww.\" \"So...\" I said to Holli. \"I just spoke to Cupcake from NBF. I think she was referring to you a few times. Tell me, was Amanda born in a cabbage patch?\" Holli slowly nodded. \"They had my sketch matrix stored in the system, but Jack says they cornered him in an alleyway and forced him to give blood samples.\" I chuckled. \"Just blood?\" Holli shrugged. \"If they made him give anything else, I'm not aware of it.\" Dane climbed back in the car, slamming the door twice before belting in and starting up the engine. \"If they wanted all of Jack's chromosomes,\" I said as we got rolling again. \"They could have just taken-\" \"I've often wondered if that would have helped Amanda, but to the best of my knowledge, they didn't ask for it. The laws of science and biology are different in Cool World. My daughter was delivered by a stork . When's the last time you heard that one? \" \"Never,\" I admitted. \"I think dad should have donated his stuff ,\" Amanda said. \"I mean, look at me now. If his son can fix me like this, just think what would have happened if he'd taken care of it himself the first time?\" \"You slept with your brother?\" Dane called from the driver's seat. \"No,\" I said. \"Yes,\" said Amanda. Greg hummed Dueling Banjos . \" Funny, \" I said. \"Look, it wasn't planned, and it won't happen again.\" \"It's cool,\" said the young man. \"Whatever floats your boat, man! As long as I don't have to see it!\" \" I'd like to see it!\" Dane said with a grin. And then Greg hummed a few more bars. I frowned as I saw the car turning in a cul-de-sac in front of a VFW hall. I turned into a cartoon baby in diapers. \"I thought we were going to the-\" \"I know!\" Dane yelled. \"Dimwit here gave me the wrong directions! I thought , if he had a GPS on his phone.. .\" \"If your friends actually knew how to get there...\" \"Just google Union Plaza Hotel, dummy!\" \"And you wonder why we're breaking up!\" \"I only say dummy and dimwit with the sincerest affection,\" she said as she turned back into traffic. \"Now type in the right name!\" My companions, on the other hand, seemed to be having a wonderful time. To them it was like one of those scenic trolley tours or something. They stared at dumpy apartment buildings and graffiti spraypainted underpasses like they were rolling past Buckingham Palace. \"It's so real!\" \"It's gritty! And urban!\" We got back out into traffic, and I changed into a Dune character. Black rubber suit, nose plug, probably solid blue eyes if I could look at myself in a mirror. I'd never seen a Dune cartoon, but I guessed that kind of thing didn't matter in Cool World. Noting something else amiss, I glanced at my sister, then glanced again when I figured it out. \"Your hair is black ,\" I said. She looked indifferent. \"Uh-huh. And you're wearing a stillsuit .\" \"Was it... always black?\" Since I was wearing black, I added, \"Your hair?\" Amanda rolled her eyes like I were stupid. \" Drew. We have the same father. It was only blonde because I had a paint job.\" \"It was black with a band of yellow running through it,\" her mother said. \"They used to call her Stripe.\" Then she sighed. \"You seriously didn't know. You never once wondered why this beautiful girl you just met just so happens to think and act almost exactly like you? Maybe even look a little like you?\" I reddened. \"Not...really.\" \"Ugh.\" Holli looked away. \"If it bothers you so much,\" I said as a human. \"Why did you send me to see her?\" She didn't answer. \"It's not her fault,\" Amanda said. \" I tricked you.\" \"That you did,\" I said with annoyance. Awkward silence. At least she was making peace with her mother. \"So,\" Amanda said to me. \"About that . Can you honestly say you didn't enjoy it?\" \"Um,\" I lowered my voice to a mumble. \"No.\" She smiled. \"But you wouldn't, um , again. \" I turned into a Japanese cartoon version of myself. I could tell by the drawing style. \"Look. Even if we weren't related, you turned me into this half cartoon thing . Are you seriously telling me you want to go back to the way you were?\" Amanda looked at me sadly. \"What about you? Do you want to stay the way you are?\" I opened my mouth, then closed it again. \"I'm used to being... that way ,\" she said. \"But you...in this real world...\" Sleep with her. Again. To change back to a normal human. Permanently. For a moment, I actually considered the idea. I mean, it's not like it was painful or anything... But then, thinking more like a male with actual standards, I came up with a better idea: If I could just tear Jessica away from her kangaroo, maybe she could absorb my curse, and then she could get what she always wanted, an eternity in Looneyville, while I, in turn, could get to stay here and live a normal life. \"You don't even know if it will work,\" Holli said. \"In fact...it won't . If it could transfer that easy, I'd be human right now. After the first time me and Jack slept together, after the big disaster in Las Vegas, we tried it again, but nothing happened. Nothing changed. That was one of the main reasons why we split up.\" She shook her head. \"You have better chances waiting for the anti-doodle.\" I swallowed. \"That's good to know.\" Still, I kept trying to think up a way to separate Jessica from her animated heartthrob. Soon we rolled along the Vegas Strip, staring at the gaudy light up signs on the various casinos, show halls, hotels, resorts, and other things. Not wanting to deal with the valet, Dane drove us beneath the porte-cochère at the entrance of the Union Plaza and let us out. As I was closing the door, she handed me a business card. \"Let me know if you need anything else. Anything else. Like, if you want to conquer the world, or, or even get Garfield a lasagne . Just ask me. It's cool.\" With a roll of my eyes, I stuck the card into the pocket of my kimono. She hugged me, but I think Greg didn't care because I was temporarily female. Dane turned and gave Riffraff a quick peck. \"Bye, Garfield.\" Riffraff blushed, too abashed to comment on the incorrect name. I led my party up the front sidewalk of the casino, beneath the blinding lights, getting stares as I pushed my way through the shiny revolving door. As with all casinos, the endless beeping of slot machines filled the air, that minor C interval that droned repetitively into your subconscious brain, urging you to pull the arm and lose. I was suddenly thankful that Bingo Beaver hadn't been invited on this trip. He would have turned into one of those shriveled prunes that pull up a stool and never go home. The place had a swank lobby with a fountain and big marble pillars and castle-like walls, and restaurants. Holli said they remodeled. Like in every casino, the Plaza's lighting was designed to be exactly the same, day or night. They had the front end tinted for this very reason. \"Remodeling,\" Holli muttered again she stared at a movie theater. For some reason, she had become completely human, and seemed to be remaining that way for the majority of the time. I thought it incredibly odd, but she never told me all the rules regarding such things. I knew it was late in the evening, but people were still staring, taking pictures with their cel phones. A few people, gambling addicts or the smart phone obsessed, didn't care, being too wrapped up in their own issues to pay us any mind. I hurried around the winding labyrinth designed to trap you at the various gambling stations, at last reaching the lobby of the hotel. I walked across the green carpeting, approaching the ditzy looking blonde behind the check-in desk. I was human, so I figured I'd be okay. \"Hi,\" I said. \"My name is Drew Deebes . I'm locked out of my room.\" The woman narrowed her eyes at me, as if trying to remember a very important memo from the boss about certain property damages, but then glanced at my companions, laughing and muttering to a young bald black guy next to her. \"Can I see some ID?\" she said at last. My wallet, and the rare and collectible bills belonging to the Professor, once resting in the rather unstable confines of animated clothing, was now safely in Greg's cargo pants. As wonderful as that was, it did not, of course, contain my driver's license. I smacked my face. \" It's in the room. \" The look on her face said, \" Sure it is .\" \"Didn't Sneezer...?\" Amanda began, but I elbowed her. \"I'm sorry,\" the clerk said. \"I'm going to need-\" \"Never mind,\" I interrupted. \"I'll see if my friend can help me.\" \"If that doesn't work,\" the other clerk said. \"Try Bugs Bunny.\" He grinned. \"I love your cartoons, by the way. I don't know how you're doing that, but it's awesome.\" \"Wait,\" the female clerk whispered a little too loudly. \"Wasn't Drew Deebes that guy that broke that thing upstairs?\" \"No,\" I said with a frown. Afraid they might call security, I hurried around the desk, into the hotel. Once safely in an unoccupied hallway, I whispered, \"Okay, who here knows how to pick locks?\" No one said anything. \"Look,\" I groaned. \" We're animated .\" I frowned at Holli and her daughter. \" Some of us. Please tell me you know some way to open a locked hotel door!\" \"That depends,\" said Holli. \"Are you going to help me get The Spike?\" \"I take it you have an idea.\" She shrugged. \"I might.\" I led them to the elevator and up to my suite. At the end of the hall, I saw the damage had still not been fixed. The only thing management had done was board up the way to the roof and rope off the dusty bedroom, kind of like a museum or something. I frowned at the suite's electronic lock. \"Okay. I'm dying to know what your idea is.\" \"You promise to help me get to The Spike.\" \"I promise.\" Since I was in uniform, I added, \"Scout's honor.\" She touched her hand to the wall. For a moment it glowed, becoming a giant cartoon hand. \"This is tricky...\" she muttered. \"I need the utmost concentration...\" The cartoon hand glowed, and she shoved it through the wall. \"It still works!\" she cried. \"It still-!\" She let out an agonized shriek. \"Oh God! I'm stuck!\" I grabbed her arm, but she pushed me away with her other hand. \"Let it work itself out!\" She furrowed her brow in concentration, pulling her arm back a little. At last I saw the cartoon hand appearing on the outside of the wallpaper again. Holli stared at her limb with horror. \"That could have been my body!\" A few people, hearing the commotion, had stuck their heads out their doors, gawking at us. I just waved and said we were fine. Holli gave me an apologetic look. \"We're going to have to figure out something else.\" The woman suddenly grabbed Riffraff, stretching him like a piece of taffy. \"Hey!\" the cat cried. \"Sorry, Riff,\" she said. \"It has to be done.\" She handed me the cat's feet. \"Here. Hold this. When you're a doodle, try to stretch your arms to give it extra pull.\" We stretched the cat more and more, past several suites. At one point, a man in a Hawaiian shirt saw the cat ribbon and ducked his head back in his room, probably to call the front desk, or maybe a psychologist. When at last we had stretched the cat the length of the entire hallway, (and an extra foot when I turned into Baby Drew), Holli rolled him up like a carpet, feeding him through the crack beneath the door to my suite. Once she ran out of cat, and squeezed his rolled up hat through, I heard a click, and the door swung open. I turned human, watching with eager anticipation. Instead of seeing Riffraff at the handle, I saw Sneezer. I frowned. \"What the hell are you doing here?\" \"It was funny,\" he said. \" It was ,\" Riffraff said as he dug through Jessica's purse. He jangled a set of keys, decorated with a plastic Mighty Mouse and a Shoney Bear, obviously Jessica's. \"Yours?\" A cartoon light bulb clicked on above my head. \"They are now.\"[Chapter 30] I wasn't that bitter towards Jessica. I blamed her for the damages to the hotel, because she brought me there, but the half doodle thing was my fault. This is all to say that I fully intended to restore Jessica's possessions once she got tired of boinking Mr. Eyepatch. Speaking of which, I was starting to have doubts that she'd be able to cure me, in the unlikely event that she actually did want to sleep with me. I pocketed her keys and mine (plus the room key and my phone, of course), shoved her things into her suitcase (including the clothes she'd peeled off in the bathroom), then stuffed my old funeral clothes in there with them, for convenience. I did trade my cartoon shoes for my pennyloafers, though. Since I could only carry that and a couple sketchbooks, I asked Riffraff to carry something, but he said, \"I think we've forgotten who the slave is here,\" and Holli didn't help either. \"We need to look at The Spike,\" she said. So Amanda ended up taking as much as she could carry, and coercing Sneezer to carry a few things as well. I wanted to head straight downstairs, but Holli insisted on seeing The Spike, so I led her into that dusty old suite with the boarded wall, setting everything down. We frowned at the barricade for a moment before Holli got another idea. \"Everyone hold Sneezer,\" she said, grabbing a dusty pillow. \"There's going to be some recoil. \" She held the pillow over Sneezer's face, and in seconds, all the plywood went flying outside and down below, creating a chorus of shouts, yells and angrily honking car sounds that made me wince. And then we were standing on the low part of the building's roof, beneath the giant light up sign. There was nothing but some gravel covered roofing pitch and a waist high wall between us and a two hundred and seventy foot drop. While I took in the scenery, Holli was already climbing a ladder to a higher section of roof. \"Hey!\" I cried. \"Where are you going!\" \"To The Spike!\" she yelled back. I dreaded where this was going, but I followed her up. My companions, naturally, came with. When Holli climbed the scaffolding inside the sign, I cried, \"Oh hell no!\" She gave me this look like I was stupid. \"Drew. The Spike is on the very top of the cursive L. \" I looked up at the gloomy sky, then at the teeny buildings below. \"Oh God. Please tell me you're joking.\" She didn't. She just climbed. I felt I had to follow her. Amanda tried to join us, but Holli quickly climbed down, shouting, \"Stay here! You're a noid now! It's not safe!\" Her daughter reluctantly obeyed. I crawled up a narrow metal stair, framed by loose wiring, joining Holli on a small platform. \"You're going to want to stay animated for this,\" she said. \"Detective Harris fell from here. I wouldn't take any chances.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"Didn't you... do something to him ?\" She shrugged. \" That's not important. My point is, you don't want to fall from this height as a human.\" She was scaring me, but I had gone too far to back out now. \"I don't have any control over it,\" I said. \"Yes you do,\" she insisted. \"I should know. Your father was able to scale the side of this building with cartoon hands.\" \"He was?\" She nodded. \"Drew, I want you to clear your mind of everything, and repeat this mantra over and over: Oh, what a loon I am...Oh, what a loon I am... \" Feeling stupid, I repeated what she said a few times and found my cartoon form stabilizing somewhat. \" The walls, in the mall, are like, totally, totally tall. \" Repeating that seemed to help too. \"Do I have to repeat that bullshit, or can I just say anything mindless and get the same effect?\" \"I don't know,\" she said. \"I guess if you clear your mind and don't think very much, anything should work. I think. \" Focusing on my hands, which had turned human for a moment, I said the old tongue twister, \"Moses supposes his toeses are roses, but Moses supposes erroneously...\" It seemed to work. Appearing to be satisfied with the results, Holli turned away, climbing upward. When I followed, I briefly turned human the moment I looked down, but I forced myself to `toon' everything out by singing the theme song to BJ and the Bear , then I Want to Rock All Night by KISS, both appropriately mindless. \"They fixed the wires,\" Holli said when we reached a higher platform. \"When I last came up here, I nearly got electrocuted.\" In response, I sang Charlie Brown by The Coasters, following her to a higher point on the scaffolding. When I got to the chorus, Extra popped out of my Scout uniform to sing along. At last, I found myself looking up the back of the ancient looking giant red sign, watching Holli creep across a thin rail to the letter L. I shuddered at the immense height, scouring my mental jukebox for a song I not only knew the lyrics to, but also didn't make me think of falling off the building. I settled for Fernando and Dancing Queen by ABBA. Ironically, this turned me into Kimono Rat, probably because that was the only way I could sound like the performer. And then I saw it. The Spike. It looked like an ordinary railroad spike, except for the fact it had an eerie unnatural glow. Holli pulled the roll of film-like material out of her cleavage, wrapping it around the object. She grabbed the top of the thing, giving it a few clockwise twists as she straightened the film, tightened it, twisted, repeating the process until she had formed sort of a swollen hourglass, affixing her coffee maker piece to it. I don't think I have described the items properly enough. When I stated that it resembled part of a coffee maker, I meant that it looked like the module that you put the grounds inside, but this one was all sealed up, making me wonder how one changed the filter. Attached to the bottom of this thing, instead of the standard dripping fixture, there was a pipe fitting, which she screwed a faucet head into, an item she also apparently had been storing in her cleavage. To this she attached a third fixture, which looked like an ordinary garden hose with a valve at one end. She must have had Hammer Space between her breasts. Only when she had the devices set up did Holli notice the flaw in her plan. \"I need a container.\" I shrugged. \"Sorry. I don't have any.\" Sneezer, who had been following me the whole time, suddenly left the roof, returning with an empty champagne bottle. \"Will this do?\" \"Wait,\" I cried in alarm. \"Where did you get that?\" \"From that little locked cabinet in your room,\" he said with a drunken hiccup. \"Just add it to my tab,\" I groaned. Sneezer only hiccuped in response. The hose gushed out a seemingly endless flood of inky black ooze that splattered on the roofing tiles, each drop squirming a little before writhing and laying flat as if dead. \"Be glad it doesn't have eyes,\" said Holli. \"You wouldn't have wanted to see this stuff in its natural state.\" When the bottle was full of fluid, she called for another container. Riffraff climbed up from below, handing her one of those industrial sized metal coffee thermoses. \"Will this work?\" Holli poured out the coffee and loaded it with more sludge. Once she had the lid screwed on, she asked me for another container, but I said I'd have to get one from my apartment. That's how I finally got to deal with the car situation. Pretty sneaky, huh? I took the elevator to garage level, and suddenly realized I couldn't remember where Jessica parked. We did bypass the valet, but the act of entering another dimension can be a little disorienting . Yes, she did have a `HWOOD' vanity plate, a stuffed Pikachu in the back window, and a giant door sticker on the driver's side reading `Sexy Squirrel Graphic Art', but under the dim lighting it still took me about ten minutes to find it in the rows of cars of similar makes and models. I opened the Sexy Squirrel car, clearing the books and CD's and trash off the seats the best I could, but there wasn't much room in the trunk, so my companions just had to squish themselves in around the remaining clutter. In fact, I had to remove a couple of the paintings, propping them up against the garage wall to make space. The paintings weren't much to look at anyway. Just a few paint blobs, shaped like a pair of lips, the other like a butterfly, both with bits of hair stuck to them. A label on the back said something about Martian Kissing or something. I figured it Jessica wanted her glorified Rorschach tests, she could come back and get them, or ask me to buy her some new canvases. Being behind the wheel felt good . Once I had the luggage and passengers loaded in, I was enjoying myself so much that I nearly backed into an oncoming car. When I drove back in the spot and pulled out, I suddenly noticed the fuel needle inching toward empty. Well, I thought. No big deal. I have the cash. We were supposed to have parking passes to enter and leave the place, but the guard box was unoccupied, the gates open, so I just drove out. It was a little distracting, driving a car when my hands kept changing from human to animated Mickey Mouse gloves to dainty rat paws, but I've driven while fighting off sleep before. The process wasn't that different. Crank up the air conditioner, keep my eyes on the road, will myself not to sleep, maybe pop in an ear splitting metal CD with the volume cranked up if the other things don't work. Honestly, I was kind of tired. I pushed play on the stereo, turning the volume to the max, and found myself being blasted by Skitzofrantic by the Insane Clown Posse. It helped. A little. At least it wasn't the Bee Gees or Elton John. My passengers had become oddly quiet. I only heard papers rustling, and low mumbling. Glancing back, I saw Riffraff poring over some art magazine called The Review, which Holli was helping him to read. Cartoons, as a rule, are illiterate, maybe even dyslexic. Amanda, in the front passenger seat, occupied herself with studying one of Jessica's notebooks. Riffraff showed me a magazine article, nearly making me wreck in the process. I turned down the volume. \"Sit down!\" I cried. \"Sneezer says this is your girlfriend.\" When I glanced at the photograph, I rolled my eyes. Pictured next to a series of green blobs on various sizes of canvas was the kangaroo snogger herself, clad in a tight fitting blouse with a plunging neckline and a dog collar. I brushed the magazine out of my face. \"I'll look at it later.\" \"She paints without using her hands,\" I heard Holli saying. \"What,\" I said. \"She uses her feet?\" \"No... Something else. It's really clever, actually.\" When I thought about the hair, I put two and two together and nearly wrecked the car. \"TMI!\" And mom calls my art junk. I drove for a few blocks, pulling into the nearest gas station, which just so happened to be Quiktrip. \"There's more than one brand?\" Riffraff said with astonishment. \"Is this the shifty imitation of the other one or something?\" \"No,\" I said as a generic cartoon kid from Schoolhouse Rock. \"It's called the free market system. I guess you guys don't have that, or someone would have competed with Acme by now, right?\" The cat's eyes bugged out. \"Does that mean you are allowed a maximum of two?\" \"No,\" I said, turning into a baby clown. \"We can have as many as people can build. There's hundreds of different types of gas stations. Texaco, Conoco, Phillips 66...\" \"Hmmm...\" He became lost in thought, his eyes frequently changing to dollar signs. \"We have zones ,\" Amanda explained. \"Products can be shown in a specific zone, and not others. And you can't show them outside that zone. I got arrested one time for carrying a Pepsi Twist in a Coke zone.\" She sighed, looking back at her mother. \"This is the first thing we've done together in months. We don't talk to each other anymore, and we live in the same damn building. When's the last time we even talked? A year ago?\" Holli sighed. \"I've been busy.\" \" Yeah ,\" Amanda mocked. \"Running the Slash Club is real busy . You couldn't take a break from your business to say `Hi, how are you doing, Amanda? How have you been?'\" \"How have you been.\" Holli said this with an edge of anger in her voice. \"You're only doing that because I said something. Of course you know how I am now . Now you're interested in me because my half brother turned me completely human. Ordinarily you wouldn't give me the time of day.\" \"What do you want, Amanda?\" Holli said in an exasperated tone. \"Nothing!\" Amanda spat. \"Forget it!\" She sighed and looked away. Holli frowned at the black gas pump with its bright yellow Department of Agriculture Weights and Measures sticker. \"Is this stop absolutely necessary? We just went to one of these places a few minutes ago.\" I was a blue bird now, clad in a white lab coat. \"We have to go to another one, because this is a different car ! You can't save, or conquer the world if your car stalls in the middle of the street.\" \"I've never truly realized how frustrating this world can be.\" \"Then maybe you should drink your... gunk and go back,\" I said. She only harrumphed in response. I got out and walked into the store. Riffraff, of course, just had to follow me. \"What are you doing?\" he said as I was opening the door, transforming into Awesome Possum as I did so. \"I'm paying for gas. What does it look like?\" I had to push the cat out of the way as a wiry bald headed Mexican guy in a tank top stepped out. It seemed Riffraff didn't understand the etiquette of foot traffic in business establishments. Of course, I'm not sure the guy cared. In fact, he laughed and muttered something about \"Gatito Garfield.\" Since Heathcliff has been dubbed into a variety of different languages, Riffraff yelled, \"¡Mi nombre no es Garfield!\" It only earned him a laugh. Riffraff groaned and cast me an annoyed scowl. \"Dane didn't have to go in the store.\" \"People are entitled to pay at the pump if they want, but after my debit card information got stolen awhile back, I never paid at the pump again. Anywhere.\" The cat looked confused, so I had pull him aside and explain bank accounts, debit cards and the hacking of gas pump credit card scanners. I made it entertaining by accidentally turning into the Frog Prince while explaining it. Let's just say it was a little hard to open the door afterwards. If you've seen one Quiktrip, you've seen them all. Most of them have gone to the QT Kitchen mode, which is great if you stop in before, say, nine P.M. This one had The Kitchen, but of course, they shut all the lights off already. It was just as well. I probably would have just stood there for an additional two minutes before deciding not to get a smoothie. It is a custom of mine to spend at least three to five minutes pacing up and down the drink aisle, eying the Slurpee dispensers, the soda fountain, the bottled teas, before marching empty handed up to the counter with my gas order. As I continued this practice as Drew Scout, I felt more normal than I had been all day. Well, until I, as Baron Munchhausen, asked for ten on pump five, with a cartoon mouse standing behind me. The clerk was a chunky African American woman with braided hair. Happily for me, her eyes were heavy lidded, prone to a frequent dipping nod, causing her to overlook the fact that her customer and his companions were both animated. She rubbed her eyes several times during the transaction, but the exchange of goods and services remained refreshingly dull and perfunctory. \"Aren't you going to get one of those things you looked at?\" Sneezer asked me while I was walking out. \"I got drinks at home,\" I replied as a court jester. \"I thought I wanted something, but I changed my mind.\" \"Anticlimactic.\" Riffraff said. During the process of filling up the tank, I noticed Riffraff take a real bag of spicy taquito chips out from under his hat, and Sneezer was chewing pieces of Fruit Stripe gum, also real. I suddenly had on a police uniform. \"Did you pay for those items?\" They both shook their heads. \"They're on display,\" Sneezer said. \"Like people were supposed to walk in and take them.\" I smacked my face, which incidentally had grown a muzzle. \"You take them out of the store after you pay for them!\" They acted surprised. \"I don't buy things very often,\" Riff said. I glared at him with the solid blue eyes of a Dune Fremen. \" No! Really ?\" Amanda, who had been leaning on the side of the car, grinned when she noticed my costume change. \" Kuhl wahad! I am profoundly stirred. Grrowl. \" I cringed. When I had reached ten on the pump meter, I stomped back in (as an afro wearing Thundercats character) and paid for everything. ...Almost everything. Riffraff had also smuggled out a bottle of Yoohoo, which I had failed to notice until I was halfway to the funeral home. Upon making this discovery, I immediately heard a siren, as if the cops were coming, but it turned out to be nothing but Sneezer turning red and blowing steam and fire engine sounds after eating one of Riffraff's chips. I hurried us to J.D. Newcomers and Sons. The long one story building was closed for the night. None one anywhere around. No cars, not even a limousine. You would have thought someone would have been around to tidy up corpses after hours, but no. No lights were on, save for the exteriors. I found my gold Corolla where I'd left it, either due to the negligence of the staff or out of respect for the grieving. I decided not to push my luck any further. I opened my car and got everyone in. Okay, so maybe it was only a degree tidier than Jessica's car, but it was cleaner. I only had to toss some trash and throw a couple things in back and everyone had ample room. \"What about the other car?\" Amanda asked. \"It'll just have to stay out here and get towed.\" I had to explain that one. The weird part was that I explained the whole thing as Chester Cheetah...and somehow I had a bag of orange chips on my person. Not from the store, of course. The chips were animated, and they materialized out of thin air, because Chester does that. \"Would it help if I drove the other car?\" For a moment, I seriously considered it, but then I shook my head with a Chester-like ayeeayeeayeeyii. \"I don't think so. You don't have a license, and you tend to drive a bit fast.\" \" I can drive slower... \" \"No...\" That's when I got another animated light bulb. Taking out the business card, I opened my flip phone and dialed the number. \"Hello?\" the voice was faint and crackly on the other end, but I could tell I had the right number. \"Uh, hi!\" I said. \"It's me. Drew Deebes. We met in your room.\" \"Ha ha. Just kidding,\" I heard her say. \"This is my voicemail. Leave your name, number and message after the tone.\" \"Great,\" I groaned as a baby clad in a bonnet and diaper. \"This is just perfect.\" Clearing my throat, I started all over, explaining who I was to the recording. \"Hello?\" I suddenly heard a voice saying. \"Hell-o?\" \"You're that guy , aren't you?\" I nodded, though I knew full well she couldn't see it. \"Yeah. Drew Deebes. Listen. Uh, Garfield needs lasagne. Badly. \" \"Is this a literal lasagne or a metaphorical one?\" \"I'm going with metaphor right now...\" My stomach gurgled. \" Unless you happen to have one lying around in your fridge. Look, I've got a big favor to ask, and I think we're going to need both you and your boyfriend to pull it off.\" \"You're robbing a bank! Yes! I knew it!\" \"No,\" I said. \"Nothing that exciting. Listen. How would you like to have a free car?\" \"Get, out !\" she cheerfully exclaimed. \"You're joking, right? You've got to be joking.\" I just sighed. \"You're not joking,\" she said in disbelief. \"It's not a lemon, is it?\" \"I... don't think so .\" And so I told her how to get to the place and everything. After she hung up, I stood around in that lot for about twenty minutes. I made constructive use of my time by loading everything of value into my car, mine, or semi-not-mine. I also read the Review magazine article, which explained a few things about Jessica's lifestyle that I wasn't exactly sure I wanted to know. I figured if Sneezer hadn't interfered, Jessica would have `documented' me and her having sex, and my pasty ass would be magnified twenty times on a huge display in some art gallery. \"This isn't important,\" Holli said as we waited. \"No one cares if someone turns your car into a toad.\" \"Excuse me!\" I shouted. \" I do ! I exist in a world where there's laws and rules and people that take advantage of you whenever your back is turned, such as landlords, bill collectors and impound lots. It's a complicated dog-eat-dog ecosystem that never takes a holiday, unlike your cartoon land . And when something is gone, like your car, it's gone . So excuse me if I want to get my shit together before going back to the cast of Merry Melodies!\" Holli scowled at me. \"That car isn't yours.\" \"So maybe I don't want to be a total prick.\" \"You still love her, don't you?\" I blinked at her, shaking my head in confusion. \"Love who?\" \"Who do you think. The owner of the car . I'm guessing you must. You apparently shared a suite with her, and now you're taking extra special care of her vehicle...\" \"Maybe I do.\" As I said this, Extra popped out of my shirt, floating upwards on one of my rising Valentine hearts. \"Maybe just a little. And then there's the golden rule: Do unto others as you don't want a psycho bitch breathing down your neck.\" \"I've never heard that one.\" Extra rolled off the heart, flying back into my shirt. \"Neither have I,\" I said. \"I made it up. But it's true.\" She sighed, and we just stood there, waiting. \"This is taking too long,\" Riffraff complained. \"You're right,\" Amanda said. \"There's no time compression, and we've been silent for a long time. Isn't there a musical montage or something we can do to hurry things along?\" I shrugged. \"My cel phone has a trial version of Pac-Man, but you can't play it because it needs to stay charged until Dane gets here.\" \"It wouldn't help to sing a song?\" \"Well, it would kill some time, but no, not really.\" I watched car after car passing by, hoping that the next one would be our new acquaintance. As I had turned into Drew Scout anyway, I sang, \"Here we sit like birds in the wilderness, birds in the wilderness, birds in the wilderness, here we sit like birds in the wilderness, waiting for Dane to come...\" My companions just stared at me. \"It didn't work,\" the cat muttered. Amanda crossed her arms, giving Holli a pleading glance. \"Mother, do you love me?\" \"Honey,\" Holli said. \" You know I love you...\" \"You don't act like it. It's always what Holli wants . When have you ever thought about what your daughter wanted?\" Holli opened her mouth, but Amanda shut her down. \"And please don't say that rubber costume machine. Or Chips, for that matter. Token gestures to show that you appear to be my mother. Do we ever do anything together?\" Rubber costume machine? I thought. Chips? I suddenly felt ill. \"You're a completely different generation,\" Holli said. \" It's hard to relate to you anymore.\" \"What, because I like to read books with substance and actually think instead of acting like a cartoon villain?\" \"You take that back!\" Holli shouted. \"I'm not taking anything back! Amanda yelled in return. \"I have a human side to me, and I can't live like you!\" \"And you wonder why we don't talk.\" \"I try to get you to read things and you don't. Did you even look at Walden?\" Holli just sighed. At last I heard the distinct rumble of a small diesel engine, saw the lopsided yellow lights showcasing the insect encrusted grill with the coathanger hood latch. Dane was alone. When she got out, silently appraising Jessica's car, I asked, \"What happened to Greg?\" \"We broke up,\" she said with a shrug. \"Is this stolen?\" \"No. More like borrowed . I have keys .\" \"I got it!\" she said with a grin. \" You're getting back at the ex! Right on!\" I shook my head. \"No, uh, it's more like time sharing a car . All I ask is that you keep the car looking...\" I was about to say \"clean\" or \"nice\", but the car wasn't. \" Kind of the way you found it. You know, in case the owner comes back.\" Dane frowned. \"And when will that be?\" \"That I don't know. I'm thinking she's gone off the deep end, and won't be back... ever . But just in case something happens, don't total the car, don't let it go out of service, and don't take that embarrassing sticker off the door.\" \"What about the tags and the insurance? Or the title?\" I rubbed my clown face in frustration. I really hadn't planned things out this far. \"Uh, if you see any bills in there, pay them right away.\" I didn't know for a fact if she had paid her car off, or if Jessica still had a loan agreement. If she had a loan, it was bad news. Especially considering how she handled everything else. \"If there's a bill,\" she said. \"The car technically isn't free.\" \"I didn't say it wasn't paid, but I can't say for certain that it is.\" Dane rolled her eyes. I thought about actually taking her keys and doing it myself, but I thought I'd done enough of a good deed by keeping her car from getting impounded. Paying off someone's car loan and insurance was far beyond what is reasonably considered to be common courtesy. As Bubsy the Bobcat, I said, \"I think her address should be on at least one of those bills back there, and I imagine the house or apartment keys are on the ring. Maybe a mailbox key, too. I'm not sure. I'd look into that as soon as possible, though. You don't want to see a tow truck in the driveway.\" \"Gotcha,\" Dane said, grinning at my transformation. \"At least I only have half a loan to finish, right?\" I turned into a koala. \"One can only hope.\" She giggled at me for a moment, then glanced in the windows. \"Can I keep all the swag?\" I laughed at her flattering description. \"Sure. Of course, I'd keep it in a special place so it doesn't get lost, again, in the unlikely event that she comes back.\" I glanced at her Mercedes and sighed. \"I guess you can take a taxi or something to get back to your old car.\" \" Or, if I like the car , I could just have them tow the old one away.\" \" If you like, \" I said with a shrug, a gesture that didn't translate well through a four legged unicorn body. Dane took a sketchbook out of her car, flipping back a few pages. \"I want to show you something. Tell me what you think.\" I rolled my eyes, expecting she wanted a critique. When I saw what she had drawn, my eyes bugged out like dinner plates. It showed a caped dominatrix that looked suspiciously like Jessica, and Mr. Eyepatch, in some kind of factory that manufactured babies ...and the girl was tampering with the machinery . Dane smiled. \" It just came to me . Pretty crazy, huh?\" \"Yeah,\" I stammered. \"It's crazy, all right.\" \"Whenever I take out my sketchbook, it's all I seem to be able to draw.\" I showed the drawing to Holli. \"Miss Paint By Privates is at the NBF factory,\" she said with a scowl. She turned to the next sketch and frowned. \"Cool World's just about to get uglier.\"[Chapter 31] JESSICA [0000] I now turned human every five to ten minutes. I timed it with my phone while I was doing paperwork. For the rest of the time, I was a sexy animated character. Anyways. The bird folded her desk and paperwork back into a suitcase, leading us to the window. I watched as she stepped out on the ledge like nothing was wrong or scary about it. God, I wanted to have courage like that! Looking completely casual, the NBF auditor hopped off the concrete, and onto a cloud , standing on it like it were solid ground. Turning around to face us, she unbuttoned her suit top, and a pair of wings exploded from her back like a springloaded umbrella, leaving her top half covered in nothing but a shiny white bra. She unbuttoned the sides of her skirt, shook her hips a few times, and a big feathery tail burst out of her rear end, stripping her lower half to a pair of panties. Her nurse's cap, strangely, stayed on her head. I giggled, climbing out on the ledge. Chad, however, balked at the window. Cupcake flapped her wings, which, apparently, still remained draped in parts of her uniform, or maybe were made from her uniform , drifting close to the ledge. \"Take my hand.\" I eagerly obeyed. \"You got it, sister!\" Chad, on the other hand, looked very sick and pale. \"Sir,\" the bird said with the tone of an irritated paper pusher at the Department of Motor Vehicles. \"Will you be accompanying Ms. Malleybuckthorn to NBF headquarters, or would you prefer we meet with you for the blood resampling at a later date?\" Swallowing, Chad stepped out on the ledge, taking her hand. The bird could fly surprisingly fast, even with us weighing her down. My guess is that she may have delivered a few babies in her time. That sounds totally wrong, but you know what I mean. Carrying around Baby Huey in your beak probably makes you strong enough to lift anything. Rapidly we rose higher and higher in the air, passing what appeared to be miles of apartment suites on the building of impossible height that Chad inhabited. At long last we came to the roof, which featured, for some strange reason, a helicopter pad, upon which a futuristic white chopper had been parked. The vehicle reminded me of something from one of those 1980's toy related action cartoons, a bulky angular thing painted and molded to resemble an oversized stork. Once on the pad, Cupcake dropped us on the concrete, trying to look all prim and proper as she folded her wings and tail down and buttoned up, pretending like she hadn't flown us to the roof in her underwear. We were led into the small but oddly cozy interior of this vehicle, which just so happened to be piloted by a stork and Launchpad, that big chinned guy from Ducktales . We settled in moon chairs with pink padded cushions, beneath a chandelier. A little Asian bird flight attendant soon decorated the coffee table between us with cups of tea and scones. The rotors turned, and we sat in awkward silence, just staring at the generic scenery passing the open sliding doors. \"Whoa,\" the pilot cried in alarm. \"Where are you bringing those two?\" \"We need to take them down to HQ for resampling,\" the nurse replied. \"I thought you were going to just prick them with needles like you did that last couple.\" \"Last couple!\" I cried, immediately drawing conclusions. \"You mean-?\" They ignored me. \"I was, but this noid girl has a suggestion for an alternative . I need someone from R&D; to check into it.\" \" Okay ,\" the stork groaned. \" It's your baby. \" Cupcake shuddered. \"God, I hope not.\" It was the only helicopter I'd seen that didn't drown out all conversations with its machinery. \"Hey,\" said the stork, leaning over his seat. \" Rasenburby . You on for the Bar Mitzvah this Saturday?\" I suppose this may have answered the question about circumcision I had posed earlier. Cupcake shook her head. \"Sorry, Eph. You know we're behind on quota.\" \"The woman likes her overtime,\" Launchpad laughed. \"Hey. I offered. \" Our vehicle swooped over a hilly countryside covered all over with little squares of bright colors, crisscrossed with lines, the rows of planted crops. Plant sprayers, tillers and even something that looked like grain cultivators worked the land. One whole section had been devoted to cucumbers and other relish related vegetables. As we flew in lower, the theme song to Jurassic Park started up from an unseen speaker system, and I could see the big crops . Like the logo for Cabbage Patch Kids, they all seemed to be nothing but heads wrapped in leaves, tended by dozens of storks. Beyond these farms stood a complex of buildings, set up in a way that reminded me of an amusement park, except everything was baby related. They had a tower that looked like an enormous baby bottle, attached to a building that looked like a cross between the Lincoln memorial and a baby crib...with windows. A second building looked like a massive rubber duck, and actually sat in a moat. Then there was a huge factory that appeared to be built from massive alphabet blocks, surrounded by bottle silos. I grinned at Nurse Bird. \"Cute. Very cute. You guys don't put on diapers and poop on yourself for fun, do you?\" Cupcake furrowed her brow. \"Why... would we do that ?\" \"I don't know. Do you?\" The bird turned pink for a moment. \"Our diapers are reserved for ripened babies. Speaking hypothetically, though... \" She cleared her throat. \"When you say `fun,' what (ahem) exactly are you implying?\" I shrugged. \"Some people get off on it, sexually .\" \"Is that what your people do?\" \" Some of us,\" I said with an amused smirk. \"Not me personally.\" The bird swallowed. \"You're right. That is...disgusting . And we certainly don't do that kind of thing around here .\" Her tone sounded official, but the look on her face said that someone would definitely be \"doing that kind of thing\" soon. We landed on a helicopter pad painted with a giant Star of David, between a synagogue and a Vlasic pickle factory with a giant rotating jar on the roof, following Cupcake down a path lined with cucumber frames, where ducks in lab coats and glasses sprayed various nutrients on plants, took readings on things like flavor and crunchiness. Cupcake explained what a Crunchitometer was as she led us to a motorized golf cart designed to look like a baby stroller. We rode through about an acre of experimental pickle crop, arriving at the (I didn't make this up) Bloch Building . We marched through a fancy lobby decorated with framed baby pictures, gold trophies, and J.D. Power and Associates awards. Their baby pictures included Bugs Bunny, Miss Piggy, Grape Ape, Huey, Dewey and Louie. I thought the awards would all be baby or pickle related, but it seems they have a sailing club, a motorcycle racing group and a golf team. We stopped at a reception desk with a giant sign reading Vlasic National Baby Farms, and a plaque memorializing someone named Henry Blochhead. The desk was unattended... ...Sort of. You see, Cupcake wore many hats , and she insisted on keeping things formal . For this reason, she talked to an empty swivel chair. \"Excuse me? Miss Rasenburby?\" In a flash, she was behind the desk, typing something on a computer. Secretary Cupcake looked up at the empty space beside me. \"Yes?\" Then Cupcake stood next to me again. \"I have a noid and doodle couple who have a proposal for our R&D; department.\" Desk Cupcake: \"All proposals must be submitted to the Review Board for approval before being sent to R&D.;\" Auditor Cupcake: \"I'm afraid that's impossible. This is a time sensitive issue. It regards genetic material associated with subjects I've just audited. They're proposing an alternative to blood sampling.\" Desk Cupcake: \"I'm sorry. Rules are rules. You still need to go through the proper channels.\" Auditor Cupcake: \"So you'd rather let the assembly line put together another inferior product rather than allowing R and D to experiment on a potentially richer source of genetic material.\" Desk Cupcake: \" I didn't say that. I just said that all proposals needed to go through the appropriate channels.\" Auditor Cupcake: \"The baby is due to roll off the assembly line any minute now!\" Desk Cupcake: \"Did you take any blood samples yet?\" Auditor Cupcake: \"Well, no...\" Desk Cupcake: \" Then you have nothing to worry about.\" And then Desk Cupcake took a call. \"Thank you for calling Vlasic National Baby Farms, this is Cupcake. What can Vlasic do for you?\" She paused. \"So your pickles are bending instead of snapping? I'm sorry to hear that. Let me connect you to Quality Control.\" Auditor Cupcake turned around, giving us an apologetic smile. \"I'm sorry, sir and madam. It looks like we're going to need to meet with the Review Board.\" I grinned. \"It's okay. I'll be happy to wait.\" Desk Cupcake handed me a clipboard with a stack of papers on it. \"Please fill out all of these in triplicate.\" Then she answered another call. \"Thank you for calling Vlasic National Baby Farms, this is Cupcake. What can Vlasic do for you?\" She paused. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Bernstein. You have the maximum allowable amount of children. If you wish to have more, I suggest that you wait for the children to mature and have their own on a spinoff...Is it my fault you waived their ability to age?... \"No sir. But many would kill to have a child that never aged... \" We are aware that you keep trying. In fact, you're on the high score list. Would you like a trophy? \"No sir, I don't think that's a good idea...I know it's lighter than a baby, but pizzas cost money... \"Yes we are a delivery service, but it's not that kind of delivery. Where would we be if everyone started having sex just to get a vegetarian supreme?... \"No sir. We're Jewish. We would never ship pork products or meat with dairy... \"I was only speaking hypothetically , sir. We won't be doing that.\" Losing interest, I took a seat in a strange chair that looked like a crib with kiddie blankets in it, filling out the forms, all of which consisting of nothing but \"Lorem ipsum neque poro quisquam est\" and so forth for whole pages. Being gifted with a sense of humor, I just went with it and signed all the blanks. If someone animated wanted to take advantage of me, well, it wouldn't be the first time...and I figured I'd be just as fun. \"I feel like a father already,\" Chad said as he seated himself next to me. I squeezed his hand. \"You'll make a good one.\" When I had finished signing forms, I got up to hand Desk Cupcake the clipboard, but Auditor Cupcake intercepted it, handing it to herself personally . Desk Cupcake called someone, informing them of our visit, requiring a meeting with the Board. \"The Board will see you in ten minutes,\" she said. I waited. I tried reading a magazine, something called The Pacifier , but it was mostly lorem ipsum text with pictures. At least they were moving pictures. In one article, I learned that a stork named Yechzekiel Goldbeak had claimed the coveted Silver Cradle award for delivering a baby to parents who lost their home to a giant clumsy monster, actually tracking the couple down instead of placing the baby inside the demolished building. It was an interesting cartoon to watch. Cupcake paged herself, appearing at the entrance of a hallway clad in hospital scrubs. \"The board will see you now.\" I followed her to an elevator, which just so happened to look like the interior of a baby bottle. \"I'm sorry for the inconvenience,\" said Auditor Cupcake. \"But this is a very unusual situation.\" Then, as Nurse Cupcake, \"This is very unorthodox. Generally no one sees the board of directors without an appointment.\" \"Have you ever seen Fight Club ?\" I asked... both of her . \"No,\" said Nurse Cupcake. \"And if we did,\" Auditor Cupcake said. \"We wouldn't talk about it.\" I chuckled, but Chad only looked confused. The doors opened, and we were led through a little nursery-like waiting room to a board room with a long table and windows overlooking the fields and factories. The room's namesake, a large two by four, stood in a glass case along the back wall. A caption on the bottom of the display read, \"Do not remove this pun under penalty of law.\" A group of storks, and mice An American Tail, sat around the table, examining paperwork. Chad, instead of being the smooth stud I thought he was, hung back at the door, clearly cowed by the serious looking cartoon animals. He didn't say a word. One of the storks stood by an easel, displaying a concept sketch of a squeeze bottle. \"It's time we expand our definition of relish. This relish will be sweet and spicy, giving them the best of both worlds. And this new To Go Bottle is perfect for picnics and barbecues.\" \"Larry,\" said a fat mouse in a suit. \"No squeeze bottles. We've gone over this.\" \"Yes,\" said a suited stork with an orange comb on the top of his head. \"The rabbi said no plastic, so we're sticking to glass.\" \"Weren't you trying to put onions in it last time?\" asked a female stork in a blue suit. \"That sounds revolting,\" said Orange Comb. \"Glad I missed that meeting!\" The others laughed. \"Plastic does not cause cancer!\" shouted the proposal guy. \"Furthermore, even if it did, there's no mention of it anywhere in Torah! We're missing out on an entire market!\" \"We make small bottles ,\" said Comb Stork. \"They are perfect for picnics.\" \" I'd buy it ,\" I said, gesturing to the picture. \"I really think you guys should branch out.\" \"And who are you!\" Business Mouse shouted angrily. \"You weren't invited to this discussion,\" said Mr. Comb. \"Cupcake, could you please show this goyyische downstairs?\" \"I think you should give her a chance,\" said Proposal Guy. \"You would say that!\" \"I do like her outfit,\" someone else muttered. \"Ahem!\" said Auditor Cupcake. \"I have brought Ms. Malleybuckthorn to the board for a request regarding R&D.; She has proposed an alternative to the blood sampling, one which may provide a solution to the inconsistencies of our previous attempt at combining doodle and noid genetics. Request permission to take her to R&D;?\" Everyone stared at me. With a nervous laugh, I waved to everyone. \"Hi. My name is Jessica, and I have something called ovaries . Would you like for me to explain what they are? I'll draw you a diagram if it helps.\" The storks and mice muttered amongst themselves. As they did this, I noticed, with some amusement, that Cupcake occupied two of the chairs, dressed in a sharp herringbone suit dress at one, all black in the other. The herringbone was, ironically, the R&D; chair, the black suited one Second Vice. \"This had better be good,\" said Herringbone Cupcake. \"It is, ma'am,\" said Auditor Cupcake, turning to me. \"Could you please explain your uterus to the board?\" Bursting out in giggles, I ripped a sheet off of one of those giant presentation tablets, diagramming a vagina with its fallopian tubes and tulip thingies (cut me some slack - I'm not a doctor. I can't even see those damn things) explaining how the tulip thingies produce eggs that go down and get stuck in the lining that bleeds out every month. The board members silently leaned over my drawing, a couple of them (and a couple Cupcakes) taking notes. \"And this is full of genetic material?\" Comb Stork asked while munching a kosher dill. \"More than blood,\" I said. \"The idea has some potential,\" said the mouse. \"I don't know...\" R&D; Cupcake said with a scowl. \"She obviously knows more about it than we do,\" said Second Vice Cupcake. \"It's not like we're going to roll a million down the assembly line,\" said Mr. Comb. \"I say let's try it.\" R&D; Cupcake stamped `approved' on the drawing with a big rubber stamp. I just had to laugh at the absurdity. \"Show this to Abraham,\" Cupcake told herself. \"Right away, ma'am.\" Auditor Cupcake rolled the paper up, gesturing for me to follow her out the door. We took the elevator down to the main lobby, wherein Desk Cupcake took a call from a cat family complaining that they got a mouse baby by mistake, promising that they'd send a counseling and exchange team to the site immediately. Then Nurse Cupcake, dressed in a white jumpsuit and yellow hard hat, led us down a long hall opposite the elevators, into the factory . It was the most ridiculous thing I'd ever seen in my life. Chad took it all in with wide eyed astonishment. It reminded me strangely of a Palmolive factory I used to work at. At one end, a big dump truck thing poured hundreds of cabbage patch babies onto a conveyor belt, which rolled down to a staging area where a bunch of rabbits peeled the leaves off each baby (afterwards eating the leaves, of course), slapped the babies on the butt for no reason at all, then dropped them down chutes labeled `Clean' and `Unclean.' So they discriminate. The `Clean' side, sealed against contaminants... from the other side of the plant , required workers to go through that decontamination shower thing from Doctor No . We had to wear hard hats and lab coats to even walk down the middle aisle. Pigs, goats and crabs went in the unclean section, which makes me wonder about Porky's upbringing. These creatures got further sorted according to `dynasty,' as in Warner Brothers, Marvel, Disney, etc., getting laser markings with their designation on the soles of their feet before being further subdivided and packaged in baskets padded with silk and stuffed into a giant metal egg carton that a robot arm lifted into...a giant carrier airplane. The others got shoved into cardboard boxes lined with newspaper and shipped down a different line. \"No Laverne and Shirley routines\" said a sign along the back wall. Mice and storks in black robes and yarmulkes wandered from station to station, notating things on clipboards. Nurse Cupcake told us about the various processes, the kosher compliance, and the other stuff I just described to you. They also had a machine like they had in Ice Pirates , that drops down and... chomps males between the legs. I was about to ask about it, but we passed it by, entering the laboratories. An awesome place, like a mad scientist's lab from one of those superhero cartoons, except this one had a conveyor belt. Lots of glass tanks full of bubbling liquid, lots of giant computers with spools of magnetic tape the size of car tires. Okay. This part is a little hard to explain. Apparently everyone in Cool World has a sequence of ink and paint stored in a database of this facility, the raw material stored in a colossal tank that never runs empty, because it's a cartoon object. A machine sequences these chemicals based on stork signals sent by copulating doodles (the energy blast I experienced, except less intense) and existing information in the database. In layman's terms, this was the shoe factory, and sex was the online order you submit for the two hundred dollar Kendelle (TM) Laser Cut Pumps. The chemicals were combined into seeds , which they physically plant . Floating superhero aliens, owls and robotic storks monitored the computers, ensuring the quality of each `batch.' Chad appeared to blush as he saw everything being done. I guess to him it was like looking at an endless machine assisted orgy. I, on the other hand, found everything unscientific and absurdly oversimplified. So oversimplified, in fact, that I started getting ideas. But first... the eggs. We continued down a corridor lined with framed photographs of storks to a large executive office with a fancy wooden desk and a posh leather swivel chair (in baby blue) where the stork pictured on the Vlasic label talked to someone on the phone while munching dill spears from a jar. \"What do you mean the automatic circumciser isn't working! Stop the line and fix it!\" he crunched a pickle. \"No we can't replace the machine. I don't care if there's blood all over the floor. That's what mops are for...Moishe, do you know how many babies are being peeled every minute? We'll have nowhere to go with the excess...can't you kick a few down the line as-is?... \"Yes I know. You can put them in the unclean section and set up house calls with Rabbi Goldstein. The last year he did it in July so he wouldn't be confused with Santa Claus. It worked very well. In fact, synagogue attendance is still up... \"Yes, yes. The Bris Fairy . God, I wish they hadn't come up with that nickname.\" \"Mr. Vlasic!\" Auditor Cupcake cried. The stork covered the receiver with one feathery, pickle stained hand. \"Just a minute, Cakepan.\" He continued his conversation. \"...What did I tell you about the `A' word? We nearly lost our kosher designation two months ago with those circumcised pigs. What do you think will happen if we set up a miniature gas oven? Oy vey, the things I have to explain!\" \"Sir,\" Cupcake said in a stern voice. \" Abe. \" \"Not now, C-Cup.\" He kept talking on his phone. \"Of course I'm up for Saturday. I think just about everyone in the plant is going.\" Cupcake cleared her throat. \" Excuse me! Mr. Vlasic?\" \"... I'm sure they won't mind if you take the kids. Bring them all! It'll be fun!\" \"Abe!\" Cupcake let out a little Yosemite Sam growl, unrolling the diagram in this face. \" Hello! \" \"Thanks, Pancake, but I like the pickle label the way it is.\" Then he frowned. \"Why does this label design say `uterus' on it?\" Cupcake pointed to me. Abe stared at me, then spoke into the phone. \"I'm sorry, Moishe. I've got something I need to look at. I'll call you later.\" He frowned at the other bird. \"What.\" Cupcake explained the situation. \"We just need your signature on this diagram, saying we can extract these... genetic things from her in lieu of blood.\" Abe munched another pickle. \"I suppose it couldn't hurt. As long as the batch is limited to two or three, I see no problem with it.\" \"Wow,\" I cried in excitement. \" Three kids ! Wouldn't that be weird!\" Chad looked at me uncomfortably, but said nothing. \"Oh, and Corn Flakes...about this Saturday...are you sure you can handle the factory all by yourself?\" Cupcake's feathers bristled, but her tone remained even. \"Sir, I already do.\" Nurse Cupcake led me back through a door at the end of the seed room, into another mad science lab, this one full of beakers, test tubes and Bunsen burners, complicated sublimation systems and a Jacob's ladder. Einstein looking guys and Einstein birds and koala bears in lab coats experimented on the chemicals, spun them in a centrifuge. Cupcake switched to Auditor mode, showing one of the koalas the diagram with the official stamp and signature on it. I got led into a small examination room, one which actually had stirrups on their rubber backed examination table. \"Wait. If you have a setup like this, why do you not know about ovaries?\" \"We examine other things,\" said Nurse Cupcake. \"It's mostly for baby extraction, but we've done a few tests with seed implantation as well.\" \"What kind of babies do you extract from a thing that isn't a uterus?\" She didn't answer. The koala with one of those round mirror things strapped to his forehead marched up to the table. \"I'm going to have to ask you to disrobe.\" I sat down on the table, shrugging off the lab coat and hard hat. \"More,\" the koala said. I undid my cape, tossing it aside. \"More.\" Rolling my eyes, I unzipped my crotch. \"Any more than that, and I'm going to charge admission.\" The koala muttered something to Cupcake, then told me, \"Wait here. The nurse will be with you in a moment.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"Are we talking a `nurse nurse' here, or did you mean Cupcake with a different hat?\" Nurse Cupcake furrowed her brow. \"Why would I wear a hat? Do you need one as part of the procedure?\" \"Sheesh, never mind,\" I cried in annoyance. \"Call your `nurse.'\" The two left the room. Chad seated himself on a stool next to me. \"It's really different,\" I said. \"Isn't it?\" \"I do not know,\" Chad said. \"But the process of childbirth is really amazing.\" I grinned. \"I have a few ideas on how to make it even more amazing.\" He looked at me like I were about to say something dirty. I did. Kind of. \"You think, when we're done with this, you can, I don't know, provide some kind of distraction so I can play with those machines?\"[Chapter 32] Okay. So is it `evil,' per se, if a trained chimp can figure out how to take advantage of a company's absolute lack of tamper guards and security precautions? Here's what happened: An actual nurse showed up. I expected Nurse Cupcake (awkward), but instead I saw Hello Nurse from the Animaniacs stepping into the room with her blonde hair, high heels and skimpy nurse's outfit. I didn't remember her speaking in the cartoon, so it was a shock to see her mouth opening and valley girl speak bubbling out. \"So. Like, I looked at that diagram thingy , and I guess it isn't exactly the same size as the picture, ` cause that would be huge , but I'm kinda thinking maybe if I just take, like a turkey baster or something and get at the lining, I should be able to get enough stuff , for, you know, the machines and such . You don't mind if I stick my hands in your vagina, do you?\" I cringed. \"Wow. You're really unprofessional.\" She smiled and bobbed her head like that were a compliment. \" Why thank you ! You're so nice! \" I rolled my eyes. \"Do you also function as OBGYN for the Care Bears?\" Hello Nurse let out a pleased giggle. \"Have you been reading my resume? \" \"Never mind,\" I groaned. \"Your outfit is so cute ! It looks good on you!\" I frowned. \"Uh, thanks .\" \"The best part is, I don't have to tell you to take off your pants, because, whoop, there it is. \" I grimaced. \" Yeah. By the way, why do you know what a vagina is, and everyone here has no clue what a uterus is?\" Hello Nurse looked like she were concentrating very hard upon the question. \"I'm not absolutely sure, but I think they're the same thing .\" \"Ahem,\" said Nurse Cupcake, unrolling a chart. \"This is a diagram of a doodle's vagina.\" It was ridiculous, but you knew that already, right? Um...I didn't see any eggs, or egg producing things. I'm not even sure they have periods. It was like a picture of a balloon, ringed with a bunch of...bulbs or sensors or...I don't know, probably something to send radio signals back to the factory with? \"What is that? A bladder?\" \"No,\" Cupcake said matter-of-factly. \"It's a vagina.\" And then she basically explained what I could pretty well guess from the factory tour. \"Uh...that's not how it works,\" I said. \"I mean, maybe that's how yours work, but not mine.\" \"So...\" Hello Nurse pulled out a turkey baster. \"I'm going to stick this in your vagina, and you just tell me where to start squeezing.\" \"Oh God,\" I groaned. \"You did not just say that.\" \"Oh, and if you see me rubbing my legs together and moaning a little, just go with it, okay?\" \"Nurse Cupcake!\" I cried in disgust. \"Could you please get me a different...nurse?\" Narrowing her eyes, Cupcake said, \"Ms. Malleybuckthorn, the woman knows her stuff .\" I shuddered. \"She knows it a little too well . Please. Another nurse. A doctor. Anyone else. \" With a shrug, Cupcake threw a lever, and Hello Nurse fell down a hidden trapdoor. \"Be just a few minutes,\" she said, marching out. \"That nurse seemed okay,\" Chad said. 'That nurse was a lesbian ,\" I countered. \"I don't do that.\" \"What about your Fifi patch?\" I blushed. \" That's different.\" \"How-\" \"You want me to make cracks about your dolls and leotards?\" He looked like he were about to say something. \"I thought you liked...giving me rides. \" That shut him up. I frowned at the framed advertisement for Vlasic mustard relish, waiting for the replacement doctor. Here's where I typed most of what you've read up to this point. They had a light box for x-rays, supply cabinets and desks full of medical supplies, a blood pressure machine, a scale, the whole nine yards. They weren't any more interesting as painted objects. At last, I saw the new doctor. He looked like an alien or some kind of mutant. I didn't recognize him from any show. I figured he was either a Cthulhu, one of those weird creatures from A Wrinkle In Time , or a generic tentacle rape monster from one of those Hentai cartoons. He resembled a gray tree, shuffling around on tentacle roots in that awkward way Morticia walks in her dress in The Addams Family , his upper part made up of dozens of tentacles, with a giant eye in the middle. \"My name is Doctor Boggerslosh,\" it said in a gurgling, weirdly echoing alien voice that kinda reminded me of Dr. Zoidberg from Futurama . \"I will be assisting you in this procedure. I understand that you are somewhat nervous about being touched in intimate areas, so I will try to make this procedure as brief and nonthreatening as possible.\" I wasn't that body conscious, I just didn't want to have Hello Nurse digging around in my intimate areas . I stared at him in awkward silence for a moment. \"Oh...kay?\" \"Does it make you uncomfortable when I do this?\" A bunch of eyes burst out of his tree portion as a big lion toothed mouth roared at me. I yelped a little, but wasn't that scared because nothing animated frightens me. The doctor laughed. \"Just kidding. I thought I'd break the tension with some humor.\" I laughed, but actually felt more tense . So...you know, I kinda got tentacle raped. But he collected just about everything he could collect from in there . Yeah, a little awkward. Okay. Really, really awkward . Because, I don't know, I guess I didn't have ovaries when I was a doodle or something, and nobody shut the door while he was probing around, so everyone could see in. Worse, I was kind of getting off on it, because he was spending so much time down there . I didn't think it would do any good, but I tried to will myself back to a human state by thinking real thoughts about reality, wondering where my car was, thinking about how I had about twelve hundred left on that car loan, and a hundred dollar unpaid speeding ticket, wondering how long I could disappear from the job before being considered a `no-call-no show'. Not that I cared that much about those things anymore, it was just, well, like thinking happy thoughts in Peter Pan , except in reverse. I guess in between that and reliving memories of ad agencies humiliating me before giving me the standard \"Don't call us, we'll call you\" routine, Doctor Boggerslosh managed to get the samples he needed, sucking them out with one of those dentist's vacuums. I felt kinda disappointed when he put the samples in test tubes and left the room, because, you know, I was getting worked up. I supposed I could resolve the matter later with Chad, or the Beaver. \"Thank you,\" said Nurse Cupcake. \"We'll let you know if we need anything else.\" I zipped up, fighting the trembling in my legs. \"Uh, no hurry. But when should I be expecting my baby?\" She marched up to a koala, muttering something to him about the situation. People in Cool World whisper a little too loudly, so I could understand many parts of the conversation. They didn't know the turnaround time. The koala was suggesting a day to six months. Good Lord, I thought. Please don't let it be a day! That wouldn't be enough time to prepare for anything! The bird turned to me, giving an apologetic smile. \"I'm very sorry, but we're not sure yet. It could be -\" \"I heard,\" I interrupted. \"We'll uh...\" I glanced at my kinda-sorta fiancee. \"We'll just hang out until then.\" \"Would you like for me to fly you home?\" \"No, no, it's uh, good weather for a walk .\" Chad gave her a cheesy grin. You know, the `up to no good' pearly white flash. \" We'll let ourselves out ,\" I continued. \"I think I can find the way on my own.\" \"For security purposes,\" Nurse Cupcake said. \"I must accompany you.\" \"Fine, fine,\" I sighed, momentarily wondering if my estimation of intelligence of their operation had been incorrect. She made me put the lab coat and hard hat back on, and I got led through the plant once more. \"Wait,\" I said as we neared the end of the assembly floor. \"I gotta go to the bathroom.\" \"Come with me to the lobby,\" she said, but I acted like I was going to burst right then and there. \"I don't think I can hold it.\" My deception worked. She led me past a punch clock to the employee restrooms. They were like locker rooms, basically, with showers and toilets. A flock of nude female birds and a few naked mice giggled and slapped themselves with towels, a couple of them standing under shower heads, lathering themselves seductively under the spray. Nurse Cupcake still followed me, so I crept into a stall and typed this entry. When finished, I actually used the toilet. I could see her feet below the door, so I waited a moment and said, \"There's no toilet paper.\" It was a lie, but whatever . When she didn't reply, I stood on the can, looking over the door. The bird had put a pair of fake feet in front of the door, with a little alarm bell tied to the handle. I sneaked under the stall into the one adjacent, and found myself brushing the legs of Hello Nurse. \"i would have preferred if you knocked,\" she said. \"But this is okay too. Did you change your mind about that thing ?\" \"Bleah!\" I cried, scuttling into the locker room. The moment I stood up, I noticed a seagull pulling off her face to reveal an iguana's head. She, or rather he set aside its lab coat, gloves and ID badge in such an exaggerated fashion that he seemed to be saying, \"Hey, Jessica! Come over here and take my things!\" The creature reminded me of Me Too Me Too Iguana, from some children's book or another. I guess if he desperately wanted to be a zebra or an elephant, it didn't surprise me that he also wanted to change sexes as well, like Bruce Jenner. So...he...it...hopped in the shower, leaving his stuff behind . I swiped the mask, gloves and the badge. Me Too didn't seem to care. The moment I put the mask on my face, it snapped to the shape of my head. In the mirror, I saw a seagull blinking at me. \"Awesome,\" I said, my animated beak moving with my words. I put on the badge and scuttled outside. I found Chad sitting on the floor, frowning at Nurse Cupcake, who stood blowing floating elephants and other shapes out of a cigarette. I waddled up to them, lowering my voice in attempts to make it sound different. \" Excuse me . I was just speaking to a noid lady in the restroom, and she said she has explosive diarrhea and won't be coming out for awhile . She said it's so nasty she might even need to take a shower afterwards , so she said she'll meet you outside when she's all done.\" Chad looked disgusted. \"I believe this is called Too Much Information?\" Nurse Cupcake frowned, eying me with suspicion. \"You must be incredibly busy with running the plant and all,\" I said. \"How about I take this gentleman outside to meet her?\" I felt myself turn human for a moment, but the bird mask was perfect, hiding the change. The bird's brow furrowed. \"I am busy...\" \"Well then!\" I clapped my gloved hands. \"Let's go, Mister...\" Chad looked confused. \"...Buckthorn.\" I took his hand, leading him into the factory. As we neared the cabbage unwrappers, Chad stopped me. \"You seem very familiar to me somehow.\" \"I should,\" I said in my normal voice. \"You gave me an orgasm that blew out the windows.\" \"Impossible,\" he said. \" I didn't sleep with a bird , I slept with a noid !\" \"You idiot!\" I hissed. \"It's me, Jessica!\" His eyes widened. \"So now you turn into a bird?\" I sighed in frustration, removing my mask partway. \"Oh!\" I put it back, pulling him behind a mine cart labeled `Rejects,' briefly wondering what kind of rejects they would be throwing in there. \"Did you find a good distraction?\" Chad shrugged. \"I have a few ideas. \" \"Fire away.\" He didn't make any stupid jokes, he just showed me what he found. One more reason why I loved him. Chad showed me the punch clock. Of course it had to be one of those old ones with the paper card. It brought back memories of old Looney Tunes episodes where the Coyote, blackened from dynamite, clocks out and says, \"Goodnight, George\" to the sheepdog or whatever, like getting blown up was something he only did for eight hours a day. \"So what? I have one at my work, and it's digital .\" \"It's a time clock,\" Chad said. I only said, \"So?\" \"A time clock,\" he repeated. I frowned. \"Your point being?\" He moved the hour hand from 9:45 to 10:00. \"Section A break!\" a pelican shouted. \"Be back in fifteen!\" The line stopped. Cabbage babies cried in a pile by the dump station. \"I am sick to death of this cabbage,\" one of the rabbits complained, lighting up a cartoon cigarette. \"You can't stuff a baby in a carrot,\" said another. \"That's why I brought Hidden Valley Ranch salad dressing,\" said a third, waving a bottle with an oddly conspicuous label. \"Hey, hey,\" a stork said, waving away the bunny's cloud of smoke shaped like a bikini clad rabbit. \"You know the rules. No smoking on the floor.The parents will smell it. \" The rabbit extinguished his cigarette. I laughed. \"Okay then!\" I turned the hand to twelve, expecting the lights to shut off and everyone to go home, but I only saw the calendar next to the clock turn a page by itself, and a change of employees working the line. One of the rabbits checked something above a machine, then frowned. \"It's midnight, boss! When can I go?\" \"You know the drill, Steve. You can't go until Team B relieves you.\" \"It doesn't feel that late,\" said Hidden Valley Rabbit. \"I need the hours anyway.\" And they just kept trucking along. I stared at the calendar. Monday July 20, it said. Nobody checked their watch. Nobody questioned how break time was immediately followed by an end of shift change. Hmmm... \"If I dood it, I get a whipping,\" I said in hushed tones, glancing back and forth. \"I dood it!\" I spun the hour hand around and around and around. The calendar turned from Tuesday to Wednesday. I heard grumbling about nobody coming to relieve this or that team, that someone owed them overtime pay. The bosses on the line promised they'd forward their request to H.R. for approval. \"It doesn't feel like we've been here three days,\" one of the sorters yelled. To this a bird complained, \"Speak for yourself. It feels like I've been working here an eternity!\" Suppressing a giggling fit, I turned the hour ahead a couple more days. Thursday... Friday... ... Shabbat? Not Saturday. Shabbat. That's what the calendar actually said. Someone pulled the tail on the pterodactyl thing from The Flintstones , causing it to make that characteristic screech. \"Shabbat!\" the bosses yelled. \"Start wrapping it up!\" Lights shut down, rabbits and storks literally wrapping babies up in cellophane as the other stations cleared out. I just had to laugh. I couldn't help it. Fortunately, nobody heard me. I ducked back behind the Reject bin, watching birds waddling out the door, switching their hard hats for yarmulkes as they did so. I was cracking up so much I had to bite my hand to keep from giving away my position. Those gloves taste funny. When I thought about that , I nearly lost it. Soon, the place was dead empty. All clear. \"Yes!\" I cried. The first thing I did was throw off my disguise and lab coat, hopping up on the conveyor belt to look at all the babies. And the Reject bin . The discards seemed rather arbitrary. Sure, a few of them had no faces, or arms, or maybe had a few questionable design elements, but I thought a few of them deserved a second chance. At last. Some creative control. I cherry picked through the babies, throwing quite a few of the rejects back on the production line, like, for example, a cat with a face on its stomach and flower petals around its head. I think that's unique . As I rummaged through the piles of cabbages, and the stripped ones ready for the sorter, I realized how enormous an undertaking this actually was. To make this place halfway decent, I'd have to dump an enormous quantity of animated shit. Honestly. The stuff these animation studios come up with these days. I kept the Gansito and Bimbo bakery characters, because they're awesomely styled after classic Disney cartoons. Call me biased. I threw away several Dexter's Lab/Spongebob/Fairly Oddparents type characters, with their angular bodies and lazy sloppily drawn limbs, the bastardized Rocky and Bullwinkle types, I even threw out a few Pixar-esque creations, because, well, using a computer to draw an entire movie requires no skill. The digital vat . I saw it pouring into the seeds in the laboratory when we took the tour. I would have to do something about that little bit of pollution. But what to replace it with? \"Hey!\" I heard a voice shouting. Uh-oh! I was aware of jumping off the conveyor belt and running, but Chad later told me I did a Speedy Gonzales, leaving a cloud of smoke and blur lines as I ran. I darted beneath a conveyor, then, remembering my disguise, I stretched out my hand toward the bin Chad still cowered behind. My arm actually extended five feet. It shocked me so much I nearly dropped my things. \"Cool!\" I pulled the mask and labcoat on just seconds before the bird reached me. I pretended to sleep. \"Ahem.\" Groaning and rubbing my eyes, I lowered my voice. \"Is it Shabbat already?\" Chad tried to move, but I shook my head no. Nurse Cupcake looked at me funny, like she knew something was up. I brushed myself off, trying to look sleepy as I put my hard hat on. \"Have you seen a woman in a bikini and cape climbing up on the conveyor?\" \"No,\" I lied. \"I was asleep.\" Airtight alibi. Win! She looked even more suspicious now. \"You're sure.\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Wasn't there supposed to be a Bar Mitzvah today?\" \"At four P.M. Everyone's going to temple right now. Weren't you supposed to be at Equine Sort?\" \"Uh, sorry. I was just on break, talking with Larry and I must have dozed. You know how he gets when he starts telling stories...\" She frowned, but only waved me away. \"Save me some cake.\" \"Do you want cake...or a Cupcake? \" \"Don't be a smart elec!\" Awesome. I hurried to the exit, nodding Chad to remain where he was. As I neared the door, I heard Cupcake shout, \"Hey! Pat! Where's your kippot?\" I just stared at her. \"A what?\" \"Your little hat .\" \"It's in the car,\" I bluffed. Cupcake gave me a dirty look. \"You don't have a car. You flew. \" \"I'm...a... conservative! \" She bought it. \"Oh!\" She gave me another dismissive wave. I didn't go to the lobby. Instead I darted to the elevators. I wanted to see if the law would really get me for ruining a pun. The building only had three floors, so it was easy to find the Board Room. When the elevator doors opened, I quickly rushed out into the meeting area at speeds exceeding the capabilities of my noid body. I stared at the glass case containing the two by four. No locks or hinges, like one of those box frames for certain types of paintings, except you couldn't pull it off the wall and get at the painting. It didn't look like it could be easily opened. I searched the long table for something blunt, and came across... Squeeky Clean Magazine's Number One Tidiest Business Office Award, a weighty silver sculpture of a white glove extending a dust free finger. Giggling, I threw the award. The glass shattered with a satisfying crash, scattering a glittering mess all over the carpet. \"Oops! Guess you've dropped a rank! \" Immediately an alarm went off, which made me giggle more. I reached in, grabbed the Board of Directors, hurried to the elevator. The Board didn't fit. I searched for a fire escape instead. Because it was Cool World, they didn't have one. They did, however, have a regular staircase. The bird caught me hurrying down the stairs with the piece of wood. \"Where are you going with that?\" she said with narrow eyes. \"To the Bar Mitvzah,\" I replied. \"And why would you take the Board of Directors to a Bar Mitzvah?\" \"Why wouldn't I?\" I cried, delighted at the successful use of pun. Cupcake couldn't argue with that. She was using that tone of voice Agent Smith from The Matrix used when he got really confused. \"On the surface, your reasoning appears to make sense ...but the fact remains that is only a pun, and you are removing property from a corporate office. As a doodle, I'm supposed to accept your explanation as valid because it's humorous, yet by doing so , I may get fired, which would not be funny ...which may in turn protect my job...unless they fire me in a humorous way ...\" I could tell this wouldn't end well, so I said, \"Okay, I love you, goodbye!\" and ran off with the board, leaving her to debate with herself. I met up with Chad, still hiding behind the Reject bin. I peeled off the disguise, waving the board triumphantly. \"Ta-daah!\" \"What are you going to do with that?\" he said with a frown. \"Oh, I don't know,\" I said, propping it against a conveyor. \"Maybe I'll tell everyone I own the board of directors at Vlasic?\" \"You are a shrewd businesswoman, wildflower. I am awed by your ingenuity.\" I grinned. \"C'mon. Let's poke our noses where they don't belong.\" I tossed away the lab coat and hard hat, marching quickly through the factory. Well, quickly until the music started up. It was light, slightly ominous classical music, like they use for antagonists in corporate dramas, or maybe the ambiguously sort-of-evil people they show in Jurassic Park . I decided to time my steps to the music, just for fun, but it only made me think of graduating school, so I stopped the practice at once. I opened a door, and found a room containing nothing but stacks and stacks of cloth and plastic diapers. I closed the door slightly, intending to check the next door down. \"Stop right there,\" I heard Cupcake shouting. I spun around and saw the bird now had on a security guard uniform, and she pointed a banana at me. I laughed. \"Careful. It might go off.\" \"They won't let me carry a real one.\" I snickered. \"A real banana?\" \"No, a gun, stupid.\" \"That's tragic. It really is.\" I opened the door wider, looking shocked. \"Did you see this? It's a room full of diapers !\" \"Where!\" Cupcake cried, but then scowled. \"I knew that.\" I chuckled, then I pounced. \"You know... nobody's here . I didn't see any security cameras, so I don't think anyone would notice if you, I don't know, tried one on ?\" She visibly swallowed. \"And why would I do that?\" I grinned. \"Please. I could tell you dug the whole adult baby thing.\" I stepped closer to her, making her instinctively retreat. \" Admit it. You want to dress up in baby things and let someone else nanny you. \" \"N-no,\" she cried, backing away further. I closed the gap. \"It's okay. It's just us . If you're into it, we won't mind, will we, Chad?\" My boyfriend shrugged. I guessed he didn't get it, either. Heck, I didn't get it, but I understood enough . \"You want someone to clean you up after you make a mess and sprinkle your bum with powder.\" \"That sounds gross,\" Chad said. The bird blushed. \"Not... that gross.\" I giggled, waving at the open door. \"If you like it so much, you really should try one on.\" The bird glanced back and forth, I presume to see if anyone else were watching, then tiptoed stealthily through the door, closing it behind her. Now, around certain doors, like the one to the board room, and some others , the builders had bolted a pair of decorative metal stork heads. These stork heads faced with their beaks pointing downwards, but the ones around the diaper room door appeared to be loose enough to turn around with a little effort. Better still, these beaks stuck out from the wall at a distance of roughly three or four inches. I think you can probably guess where this is going. Thanks to the Board of Directors, I had an instant barricade. \"Good luck on the pooping,\" I called to my prisoner. Then I clapped and rubbed my hands together. \"All right, Chad. Let's make some babies!\" In response, Chad made that loud swallowing \"Ulp\" sound they always do in cartoons.[Chapter 33] DREW Holli turned to the next page in the sketchbook and frowned. \"We have to go back.\" \"The world's always getting destroyed in comic books,\" I said. \"That's Cool World, not here. We'll live. \" \"When have you seen a comic where the villain literally destroys the earth?\" \"Oh?\" I said. \"Quite a bit. The Walking Dead, Crisis on Infinite Earths, Hitchhiker's Guide , probably a bunch of others...Especially in Japanese cartoons. They either destroy a huge section of the world, wipe out all life on the planet, or blow up the planet. \"Plus she's only messing with, what, babies ? Maybe that's where X-Mutants come from in the first place.\" Holli looked at me uneasily, but I didn't care. When the world ends in a comic book, it's called entertainment , possibly trivia . \"You guys are acting like this stuff is real,\" Dane said. \"It is,\" I replied. Dane chuckled. \" Wow. \" I explained what Holli told me about channeling cartoon characters. She just shook her head. \"Wow. If I didn't see you actually animated and glowing, I'd say you were crazy.\" Holli ripped off a drawing, stuffing it in her cleavage. \"You guys can keep those,\" Dane said. \"In fact, I could make some more and ink them if you want.\" I stared at her for a moment, giving it some thought. \"Pencil is fine. As long as you keep drawing what you see.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Will do...So, uh, do you guys need me for anything else, or are we good?\" \"We're fine,\" I said. \"I'm just going back to my apartment.\" Holli gave me a dirty look. \" And returning to the hotel once we have our supplies.\" \" Which we can do tomorrow ,\" I insisted. Holli shot her daughter a pleading glance. \"He's right,\" Amanda said. \"We can wait. I really want to know more about my brother, and where he lives.\" Holli frowned at Riffraff. \"I'm kinda curious about it myself,\" the cat said. \"Me too,\" said Sneezer. Extra popped out of my shirt. \"Are we going to see where Master lives?\" \"Apparently so,\" Holli groaned. \"We might be needing your services tomorrow,\" I told Dane. \"What would be a good time?\" \"Oh, anytime,\" she said. \"I'm not working, so... whenever. \" \"Is there a best time to call you?\" \"Oh, in the afternoon . I sleep sort of late.. .\" I frowned but told her all right. \"I suppose I can always walk or call for a taxi.\" \"Don't do that !\" she said. \"Just let me know and I'll take you... wherever . This is the coolest thing that has ever happened to me.\" She paused. \"Oh. Before I forget...\" She handed me a frozen pizza. One of those deep dish pizzas with a picture of a mustache on the cardboard box. \"I know it's not lasagna, but it's all we had. I would have heated it up, but I figured you guys were in a hurry, and my oven stopped working.\" \"Uh, thanks,\" I said, feeling sorry for her. I handed her a ten. \"Here, uh, for gas and the pizza.\" \"No, no, it's okay,\" she said. \"You guys are awesome.\" She took the money anyway. \"Is she supposed to do that?\" Riffraff whispered to me. \"Don't worry about it. I wanted her to have it. It's not like stealing from a store.\" \"Oh!\" \"Call you later,\" I said. Dane hugged me, then picked up Riffraff as well, giving him a hug and a kiss, then shook Holli's hand. \"I'm sorry. I never got your name.\" Holli told her, and we gave a belated round of introductions. So. Pizza and my own personal shuttle service. Maybe being animated wasn't such a horrible curse after all. I loaded everyone in the car, cheerfully driving down that old familiar route I took to get home. My gas tank was full, so I figured it would be a straight shot, without any unwanted detours. I noticed, to my annoyance, that Dane appeared to be following close behind like some kind of private investigator on a stakeout, but I could neither blame her nor condemn her for her obsession. It would, in fact, be handy if she continued to lurk nearby. The car was quiet, my passengers' attitudes changing from that of fascinated tourists to those same fascinated tourists forced to sit in a bus station for five hours, sort of a deer caught in the headlights look. I turned on NPR, listening to BBC news reports, something about how the United States should have never gotten involved in middle eastern politics. Irritated, I changed it to the rock station, which happened to be playing Love Bites by Def Leppard. I was daydreaming about real things, like trying to save my job and my apartment when I heard the distinctive warbling chirp of a cop car. Glancing back, I could see the chirp was for me, so I pulled over, rolling down the window. Dane wisely made herself scarce, driving off into a connecting street. \"Quick!\" Riffraff cried. \"Floor it!\" \"No,\" I said. \"Remind me to show you a program on real police chases.\" The cop got out of his car, marching up to my door. He was your average stocky buzz cut jarhead type. Stern, no nonsense expression. A CB crackled from the shoulder of his Kevlar vest. As Bugs Bunny, I looked up at him (for he towered above the window) and said, \"What's up, Doc?\" The cop suddenly had this expression like he had just smelled a fart. \"License and registration please.\" \"I'm going to get my registration from the glove box,\" I said with deliberate care and slowness. You had to do this with cops or they'd pull a gun. Sure, as a doodle, bullets may possibly not have been able to injure me, but I didn't want to take that chance. The man nodded, still making that disgusted grimace. \"Someone stole my license,\" I said as I reached over Amanda's lap, opening the glove compartment. I said this mostly to the cop, but when I returned to my seat with the registration, I saw a dainty animated hand holding out a plastic card. \"It was in his diaper,\" Holli explained. I was a little disgusted, but said thanks anyway, presenting the items to the cop. He stared at my photograph, then at me, as a caricature of myself. \"This... doesn't look like you ,\" he said, looking uncertain. I turned real. \"How about now?\" He scowled at the picture, comparing it to me. \"I...shaved,\" I suggested. \"Can we go on a high speed chase now?\" Riffraff asked. \"No,\" I hissed. \"That's not something I can win.\" At last the cop sighed, handing my stuff back. \"Your turn signal light is out. I'm going to let you go with a warning. Just...\" I was Bozo the clown now. As he stared at me, the look on his face said he was questioning his own sanity. It seemed this may have indeed been the case, for then he slowly retreated from the car and got in his own, driving off. \"What was that about?\" Riffraff asked. \"I'm not positive, but I think he's going to seek psychological help.\" \"So he went crazy?\" Amanda said. \"How strange!\" \"We don't know that for a fact,\" I said. \" I can only assume. But, I mean, if I saw something like that, and I was a cop...\" \"He didn't laugh maniacally and twiddle his lips,\" Riffraff said. \"Or jump up and down and scream with his head going back and forth,\" said Sneezer. \"There's many types of crazy,\" I said. \"But I'm thinking he might just decide to take a little paid time off work. That's what I'd do.\" Sneezer frowned. \"But we will never know, will we?\" \"That's right,\" I said. \"That's absolutely right. Just like that guy that stole my mom's car five years ago. We got the car back, but the guy who stole it... who knows ?\" \" Wow, \" Riffraff and Sneezer said in unison. \" No resolution! \" the cat cried. \" That's so weird! \" I shifted into drive, and in a few minutes I at last arrived at my apartment. I have a studio . Not really a place for guests. I picked it out because it was the only one in my price range. A drab yellow and rust orange two story building at the entrance of the complex. Mine sat at the bottom. I parked at the rock wall near the right side of that building, leading my companions up the staircase. A couple little Hispanic girls with braided hair and plump faces giggled and pointed at us as we came up the walk. The grass and greenery at my place was a little more well tended than dad's, but the apartment still had its flaws. For one thing, the dirty orange main door to the building was hanging by nothing but its bottom hinge, and the interior hallway smelled like old tamales and pot. A striped orange cat meowed at me, rubbing against my legs, but I'm allergic and didn't want to pay the pet fees, so I ignored it, clomping down a narrow carpeted grimy staircase. The cat had crapped in a corner. When the cat rubbed against Amanda's leg, she of course cooed and picked it up, stroking it as she followed me downstairs. My apartment is down the hall from the laundry room. Although that's handy, it's not as nice as you think. There are always flies that somehow find their way into my room every time I turn around. I can only guess it has something to do with the damp and the smells of soiled underwear. \"Could you please put that cat down?\" I scolded Amanda as I unlocked my door. \"Why?\" she said indignantly. \"I have to pay an extra fee if I have pets.\" Glancing at the cartoon animals, I added, \" Real pets. Morris already hangs around me every time I walk out my door. No need to encourage him.\" \"He's cute,\" Amanda said. Rolling my eyes, I let her and everyone else, including Morris, in. My place was not much to look at, but it was a little cleaner than Dane's. I had a tiny stove, a sink that barely had room for one dish pan, a refrigerator one skillet deep, and one of those window air conditioning units instead of central. My bed was your basic box spring with a cheap pine frame around it. A gaudy blue loveseat and three office chairs served as my sole furniture pieces. My TV was the old heavy type with the tube, which I situated on top of a desk with my computer and a pile of computer parts for a second one I'd been refurbishing. \"` Be it ever so humble ,'\" Holli said disapprovingly. \"` There's no place like home.' \" \"Unlike you,\" I said. \"I can't just paint myself a plasma TV and a Barco-Lounger.\" She sighed and shook her head. \"Where are these containers you mentioned?\" I opened my cabinets, showing her some pitchers, sports bottles and Tupperware containers, which I threw in some grocery bags, along with rolls of duct tape to seal the items more securely. \"Is that all you got?\" Holli complained. \"It's better than nothing,\" I said. \"Though I suppose we could either go to Wally World or my mom's house to get some more.\" Immediately she dumped my trash can on the floor, making a horrible mess, which Morris, of course, loved, dragging slimy meat packages across my clean carpet. \"Wow,\" I groaned. \" Thanks a lot. As if I didn't have problems with bugs at it is.\" \"This container is perfect,\" she said, clapping the lid back on. So then I had to clean all that shit off the floor and rebag it. And of course Morris ran away when I tried to take his greasy bologna package. I put my phone on the charger, then popped the pizza in the oven (an oven which incidentally isn't much larger than the size of the pizza) as I balanced my checkbook, trying to figure out how many months I could keep my apartment and associated parking spot while I played around with Cool World nonsense. I estimated a month, unless I could milk some extra dough out of the vintage currency I found at the hotel. It seemed a trip to the pawn shop would be in order, unless I decided to park at mom's place... which may still end with my car being towed . Being an adult now, I was not a direct recipient of the Deebes' fortune. He owed a lot of money, so all the profits went to mom. I did , however, appear to have a free subscription to dad's comics. Although they didn't arrive weekly or monthly, I'd find new issues in my postal box at random times during the year, no payment solicited. While I balanced my books, Amanda looked through a box of them, making that face people do when they see photographs of themselves where their eyes have been closed or they've found a pimple they thought wouldn't show up in the glossy 8X10. Being organized as I am, I wrote a check for next month's rent, walking it to the night drop. When I returned, I found Riffraff waving action figures of Master Splinter and a Ninja Turtle in my face. \"Hey! I know these guys! Where's the one of me?\" \"You don't have one,\" I said. \"If you did, I'd be sure to buy it.\" He pointed to the rat. \"You also have a framed picture of this one by the bathroom.\" \"So what?\" I said as a rodent. \"It's a cute poster.\" Then I cleared my throat. \"I meant, it's neat . He's kicking boards and stuff.\" \"You're blushing,\" Riffraff said. \"Am not!\" I checked the pizza, pretending like we hadn't had this conversation. Amanda sat down on the edge of my bed (the side facing the oven) with comics bearing her likeness. She called to her mother, who was now seated in the loveseat adjacent to the footboard, smoking a cartoon cigarette that formed vaporous elephants and hippopotami in tutus. \"I just spoke to dad a few days ago,\" the daughter said. \"He wants you to come over for a little Christmas get-together this year. It's not even close to the date yet, so you got plenty of time to plan...\" Holli puffed out a Mighty Mouse shaped cloud. \"Not interested.\" \"C'mon. You're both my parents. You can at least have the decency to pretend you're a family for the holidays.\" \"I don't go to Christmas parties,\" Holli said with an icy tone. \"It's not a party. It's a get together .\" \"Jack and I are done . I don't want to see him again, even if it's only for an evening.\" \"Is it so wrong to want to celebrate the holiday with the parents I love?\" Holli just frowned and silently puffed a out dragon shaped cloud. Noticing how Sneezer and Riffraff kept rummaging through my dressers and cabinets, and generally acted like obnoxious little kids, I put the Muppet Party Game on my Gamecube and let them play that for awhile. Amanda became engrossed in one of my books on the Hopi Indians, but Holli looked like she were bored to tears. She puffed a smoke Godzilla, the logo for Twelve Monkeys, and, strangely, my father's face. \"What do you do here?\" she asked with obvious impatience. \"Do?\" I said. \"I just...unwind, work on computers...I have every Quentin Tarantino film on DVD.\" \"Who's that?\" she said. \"He's a director. He's great.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Sounds thrilling.\" I still had ten minutes left on the pizza. My animated pets were becoming bored. As primitive as it is, my TV actually had cable. Riffraff and Sneezer soon became glued to the set, rapidly flipping back and forth between programs: World's Scariest Police Chases , Breaking Bad , Soapnet, Chica Vampira on the Latino Fox Network. To my dismay, they also ordered something from Playboy on Demand. I knew it was bad when it started with a slut in a kitchen and a delivery guy ringing the doorbell. \"Oh. I didn't order any package... \" \"Change the channel or I'll unplug the TV,\" I ordered. And so they changed it to Sex Sent Me To The E.R. \"Whatever.\" For awhile, there was only icy silence between Holli and her daughter, nothing passing between them but the sounds of the TV. \"You don't like the fact I work in a strip club, do you?\" Amanda finally asked. \"I...I just think you could do better, that's all.\" \" You're not that bad off...\" \"That's where I disagree with you, and where I actually agree with your father. If you studied, and really applied yourself...\" \"Mom. It's Cool World . You can't get a masters in biology or veterinary science. Remember what dad said about our scientists?\" Holli sighed. \"Well maybe you should stay here , then.\" \"I can't do that . Dad says I have no social security number. How am I going to get a job or go to college or anything, when everything revolves around that number?\" \"So you'd prefer to just work at a club, night after night, mindlessly exposing yourself to a bunch of creeps.\" \"It's the most secure job I can think of that pays the bills. If you're so smart, why don't you become a scientist, or whatever?\" Holli had no answer for that. As a rat, I noticed, to my dismay, that Sneezer had been, from time to time, eying me with his mouth hanging open, and little hearts popping out. He didn't get this way about my other forms, but as a female rodent... \"You're making me sexually confused,\" he said in between moments of drooling. \"Could you get sexually confused elsewhere?\" I pointed to the TV, which was now playing something about the world's deadliest snakes. \"Look! That snake is eating a mouse!\" \"I don't care.\" His eyes had turned to Valentine hearts. I sighed. \"I'm not interested. You're a little creep, and I like girls . Got it?\" The little hearts shattered. He looked like he he were going to cry. Well, I thought. That's just too bad. Shacking up with Sneezer would be pretty horrific. As expected, I had to divvy up the pizza with my companions... and Morris. There wasn't much to go around, so I just let the others have it while I made myself a peanut butter sandwich and ate some cold hot dogs. I really hadn't eaten since breakfast, so I had a lot. Brushing my teeth was a surreal experience. I only knew where my molars were half the time. The other times they were titanium white and not in need of any brushing. They didn't even have a textured surface with which to grind down food. The bedding situation was doubly awkward. I had a couple sleeping bags, but my bed would only fit two, and only if one person kind of spoons with the other. Also, doodles don't want to sleep. I guess that should have narrowed the bedding situation down, but it only made things more inconvenient. My original plan had been to put Riffraff and Sneezer on sleeping bags on the floor, and let Holli use the loveseat, but Riffraff insisted on taking the bed, and, of course, Holli, being Amanda's mother, got dibs, so she shared the bed with him. I tried to argue that it was my bed, but in between not wanting to get that close to Holli, and Amanda telling me to be a good sport about the bet, I gave up, just trying to sleep as comfortably as possible where I was. Truthfully, I was comfortable. I had the lights off, the temperature was mild, I had my shoes off, I was in my socks and comfortable khaki shorts...when I was real... But then, as I began to doze, I suddenly noticed a glowing hand reaching into my pocket for my keys. I grabbed the glowing wrist attached to it like a pissed off viper, scowling at the indignant pink face. \"Leave those the hell alone!\" I shouted. \"The car's where I want it, and I ain't moving it! Get some damn patience!\" Groaning, I flipped the lights back on, staggered into the bathroom to change, then called Dane while I made some coffee. \"Hello?\" moaned the voice on the other end. \"Sorry to wake you,\" I said. \"It's just I'm about to lose my-\" \"No, no, it's fine,\" she said. I could hear the tiredness in Dane's voice. \"Are you sure this is okay? I could get a taxi or walk or something. I think the exercise could do us all good.\" \"No, no,\" she said. \"You're animated . It's like getting the direct line to Bigfoot or a UFO. You don't plan something like this, and it probably will never happen again. It's fine. If E.T. wants a ride home, I'll steal a bicycle.\" \"All right then,\" I said. \"I'm over at-\" \"I know,\" she blurted. \"I'm outside the apartment.\" I swallowed. \"And how long have you been there?\" \"Oh? Awhile. \" I sighed and shook my head. \"Normally I'd say that was creepy, but in this case, I really, really appreciate it . Anything in particular I can do for you?\" \"Does E.T. pay people for letting them hang out?\" \"Well, no...\" She paused. \"Can I have some food? I'm starved. \"[Chapter 34] \"Is the cat gone?\" Extra said when we loaded our stuff into the Squirrelmobile. The bird had been hiding from that cat the whole time we stayed there, popping out every so often to look around. ...And nibble a little pizza crust. Morris would paw at the air whenever he came out. Even when I was trying to sleep, the cat would try to grab him, so he kept tucked in my shirt, kimono, or whatever else I had on, hiding in Hammer Space or wherever he goes when he's inside my clothing. The cat had been nearly always underfoot from the time I entered my apartment to the time in which I'd finished unloading the Squirrelmobile's cluttered seats onto my carpet, but I managed to convince Amanda to leave the feline alone now, as Morris had an owner, er, someone that fed him in an upstairs apartment. Judging by the `drawing' in the hotel, Cool World was no place for non-animated cats anyway. \"Yes,\" I said to Extra. \"It's safe to come out now.\" It was a little after midnight. I had emptied my wallet of everything except money and my driver's license, but I had brought along some fairly useful tools, pencils, erasers and pens, a flashlight, a digital camera, one of those miniature sketch pads I had from some art gallery open house, and some of dad's comics. My phone had charged some during the pizza cooking, so I hoped it would be usable for awhile. I had already called work and left a message about being out of the country for a few months. I hoped that would be good enough to avoid a no-call-no-show termination. In a more ideal situation, I would have called during business hours and informed a live person, but this was not to be. I glanced uncomfortably at Amanda. Despite setting out separate sleeping bags and telling her to sleep on the other one, she kept curling up with me during that tiny amount of time I had been able to get some decent rest. She played with my feet, run her hands up my calves. One time she even tugged the bottom of my shorts. I got so mad that I slapped her in the face with a fly swatter. She thought it funny. I did not. Our chauffeur sat in the front seat, eating toaster pastries as she pulled away from the curb. For food, I had given her two packages of those and a peanut butter sandwich. I frowned when thought about that pizza again. If you've ever seen a cartoon character eating, you'd know that two slices were pretty much wasted on Sneezer and Riffraff. It looked like someone throwing food into one of those trash cans with the pedal operated lids. In between bites, Dane waved a CD case at me. \"Who in their right mind listens to Mike E. Clark and Whitney Houston in the same setting?\" \"Got me,\" I said. Inside my shirt, I heard Extra whistling What Is A Juggalo . Our driver grinned. \"So we're going back to the hotel, then?\" \"Unless you can find a pawn shop open this hour of night,\" I said. \"I think some of them are open pretty late...\" She actually took me to one,but it was closed, so she drove me to the hotel instead. As we drove past the front of the building, I saw a parked car with a piece of plywood embedded in its roof, and chunks of wood lying on the sidewalk. It seemed no one had cleaned up yet. Because of my strange cargo, we took the back entrance with the garage instead of navigating the valet area. The guard booth was still wide open, and we had a parking tag, so we had little trouble taking the elevator back in with our odd collection of supplies. Dane, of course, just had to follow us. Holli put her to work carrying things. It turns out the hotel had a camera and a tinny little microphone above the elevator buttons. \"What are you doing with that trash can and all those sacks?\" a muffled voice said as the door was closing. \"We're going to get plastered,\" I said, holding an empty decanter up to the camera. The bottle was opaque, so a person might assume that there was something in it. \"You know those parties where you pour a bunch of liquor into a big bowl?\" There was a pause. \"What's the tape for?\" \"What do you think it's for?\" I said, pushing the button. \"I like my kinky sex.\" \"So do I,\" Amanda said. I cringed. \"Maybe that's what I'm doing wrong,\" Dane muttered, probably to herself. The elevator went up. \"You...aren't that guy who knocked that big hole in the top floor wall, are you?\" asked the elevator man. I feigned surprise. \" Someone knocked a hole in the wall? \" The speaker went silent again. And then, \"I've got to stop working nights.\" I hurried out, wondering if the hotel had other cameras, and what kind of camera footage they already had on me. Filling up a bunch of Gladware, Tupperware, bottles and a trash can with black glop was the easy part. Lugging full containers and a duct taped but still slopping trash can back down through scaffolding crawl spaces was something else. Especially while trying to remain a doodle the whole time. One time, I actually brushed a loose wire. I probably would have been paralyzed or dead had I not turned into a flashing monkey skeleton the moment I started conducting. At last we stood in that dusty bedroom with our pile of bottles and containers of glop, staring at the marked up walls. I kept fearing that Sneezer would get choked up by all the dust and blow out another wall, but Holli had a solution to this, for inside her dress she kept a little bottle containing the Nasonex bee. She let the bug loose, pointed to the mouse. \"Pica aqui.\" The bee stung Sneezer on the face, and that somehow stopped the rodent from sneezing. I don't know if the real product actually does what it claims, but if you get stung by an animated bee with a Spanish accent , I guess it works really well. \"So,\" Holli said. \" Sneezer. How did Drew get into Cool World again?\" Mr. Smiling Door was gone. There was a giant clean spot where the image had once been, dust free, like some maid had scrubbed it off...or Mr. Door had slipped into another dimension. The mouse frowned. \"There used to be a door here.\" Holli let out a sigh of frustration. \"So we can't even get into Cool World. Is that what you're saying?\" Sneezer shrugged. \"Looks like it. Unless you want to try squeezing through that little Smurf window.\" Dane, who had been admiring the various drawings, pointed to the image in question. \"You mean this window?\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"That's the one.\" \"It's a drawing,\" she said. \"I mean, if you originally got there through a two dimensional image, why don't you draw another door and try that?\" I chuckled, offering her a pencil. \"That's why you're the artist and I'm the tax man.\" Instead of accepting it, she pulled out one of those fancy green ones with no eraser that they sell in art supply stores. \"Thanks. I got it.\" She got a little carried away. Instead of the oversimplified shape of the previous door, Dane sketched something that looked like the entrance to Skeletor's bathroom, all covered in skulls and jewels and snakes and robot parts, with a big metal ring for a handle. Somehow she got all this done in about five minutes. The automatic writing thing, I supposed. The moment my hand touched it, the door turned green and heavily shaded, making that shimmering noise things made in He-Man whenever anyone walks through a magic portal. \"Oh my God!\" Dane cried. \"That's totally bitchin'!\" I pulled the door handle, but it didn't open. \"Where's the keyhole?\" I said. Dane blinked. \"Why would you need one?\" \"The last door had a keyhole so you could unlock it.\" \"I thought it would be better without one, so you could pull it right open. I mean, I drew hinges and everything.\" I sighed. \"You're the artist. What do you think I need to do?\" \"I don't know. Maybe you do like Beetlejuice and knock three times.\" Rolling my eyes, I grabbed the ring and banged it down the prescribed number of times. Immediately the door opened, and I was looking at dad . Black hair touched with gray, large nose, big ears, long Italian face. The man looked old before he was old, like Mick Jagger. He was standing in the upstairs hallway in some cartoon house, with a doe eyed tight spacesuit wearing Anime female clinging to his arm. \"Hello?\" he said as he stared through the open door. His brow furrowed as he saw me change to my normal human form. \"God,\" he said. \"It's like I'm looking in a mirror!\"[Chapter 35] \"Dad!\" I cried with surprise. \"I...\" He smiled. \"It's been a long time...\" I just stared at him. The man had been absent for ninety percent of my life. I'd visit him at the jail from time to time, but, you know we weren't that close. Riffraff and Sneezer didn't look surprised to see Dad. I guessed it had something to do with him being in Cool World for so long. \"Hi, Jack,\" Riffraff said. Jack nodded. \"Hey.\" \"Hello, dad,\" Amanda said. Dad furrowed his brow, like he suspected something amiss. \"Hey, sweetie.\" He checked an animated watch, then squinted at her again. \"I see you've been working on your control.\" Holli rolled her eyes. \" You really are dense. \" No one bothered to explain anything. \"Are you going to hug him?\" Amanda asked me. This made it awkward and uncomfortable for both me and dad. He glanced at Amanda, then did a double take. The expression turned to shock when he saw me turn into a female vampire bat. \"Oh my God. You didn't. \" I looked away. He rubbed his face. \"God. Your own sister. \" \" Half sister,\" Amanda corrected. \"I didn't have a choice.\" \"You had plenty of choices!\" Jack yelled. \"Your mother pulled me out of a prison! Why couldn't you do something like that!\" \"I've seen those guys,\" Amanda said in a low growl. \"I'd rather sleep with my own brother than sleep with that scum.\" Jack looked skeptical. \"And you didn't look anywhere else.\" Amanda waved at Dane. \"I really don't think she'd want me taking her boyfriend.\" \"I wouldn't mind that much,\" Dane blurted. Amanda glared at her, then turned her anger back on dad. \"I searched all over Cool World for some place, some way to grab a decent human man and bring him in, but someone's been closing up all the portals!\" \" Whiskers ,\" Jack muttered. \"Who's Whiskers?\" I asked. \"No one,\" Dad said. \"He's just the doodle that helped me save the world. Can't say I'm really surprised that he's closing off access.\" He turned into a cartoon Doctor Watson. None of us, except for Dane, seemed surprised. He and Amanda's mother stared at each other. \"Holli,\" Dad said, looking somewhat flustered and embarrassed. \"Jack.\" She breathed his name like a curse. An awkward silence fell between the two parties. Amanda disappeared through the door, making herself scarce, but Riffraff, Sneezer and Dane watched with rapt fascination. Holli glanced at them in annoyance, but didn't say anything. \"So,\" Dad said, clapping his hands. \"Who wants a drink?\" \"This isn't a social visit,\" Holli replied coldly. \"But if you wouldn't mind...\" She gestured to the containers of glop. \"I need to get these home.\" Back at my apartment, Holli had attempted to do some experiments with the inky stuff she'd already collected, but I'm not a scientist, and had no access to a lab. The only stuff I had remotely close to a chemistry set were some bottles of tub and tile cleaner, some measuring cups, and a broken Fisher Price microscope I had since I was a kid. She said she would have to go home to get anything accomplished. Dad frowned, giving his rather vacuous companion a nod. \"Chori...\" The strange doodle silently marched up to the collection of containers, taking a few of them through the door. Dad grabbed the trash can, then froze as he stared at his surroundings. \"Hey!\" he cried. \"This is the hotel !\" \"Yeah,\" I groaned. \"Ironic, huh.\" Dad stared at the walls. \"Know anything about this?\" \" Some, \" I said. \"Why?\" \"Because a lot of that bullshit about Vegas Vinnie came from this place. I can't help but wonder...\" \"This room was owned, rather, occupied by someone named Heinreich Baubels. Manhattan Project guy, I guess. Built something called the Bubble Bomb.\" Dad frowned, as if something about that sounded familiar to him. Dane was listening with her mouth hanging open in awe. \"The guy experimented in cartoons crossing over into real life,\" I said. \"This room is like his testing ground.\" \"That explains a few things,\" Dad muttered as he watched the cartoon cat devouring the mouse. When Dane touched the picture, it turned back into a line drawing. \"You can look at those later,\" Holli said, grabbing a cluster of bottles. \"We need to get this stuff into Cool World.\" Jack stared at one of the containers with his hands on his hips. \"Wait, wait. Holli, what is this? What are we doing with these?\" \"None of your damn business,\" Holli snarled, shoving Gladware into Dane's hands. \"I make it my business when what you do turns everyone on earth into a cartoon.\" Dane froze in mid-step, eager to hear more. \" I'm not doing that this time ,\" Holli sighed, casually shoving the girl towards the portal. \"All I did was drain a little liquid from under the spike, so we can find a cure for being part animated.\" Dad shook his head, then hefted the trash can through the door. Dane followed him. The hallway beyond the door looked like an architect's concept design for a tropical resort. Lots of wood paneling, lush plants springing up all over, exotic looking sculptures, fancy framework around the doors and windows. There was also an immense aquarium, with some fairly realistic looking fish inside. Once inside, Dane froze again, staring at her surroundings with joyous wonderment. She practically dropped the containers of goop as she gawked at everything. I doubted she would ever come back out again. Extra popped out of my shirt for a moment, looking around. \"Mast-\" He clamped his beak shut abruptly, whistling the theme to The Scarecrow and Mrs. King . \"Extra,\" I said. \"It's okay. If someone tries to-\" The bird covered my mouth. \"Master must never mention what we discussed,\" he hissed in my ear. \"Not here. Not anywhere near Cool World. You will get me in trouble!\" I gave him a slight nod, so as to pretend he hadn't spoken. He dove back into my shirt. I watched Holli and the others taking the last of the containers into the house. Honestly, I wanted to just shove her and everyone else through the door and slam it shut, leaving them there while I tried to piece together my life. The problem was, I was stuck in a half animated form, so I desperately needed that cure. \"How's your mother been?\" Dad asked me. \"Oh?\" I said. \"She's fine. Bitchy as usual. Still married. Still not happy about my lame job. I think she wanted me to be a doctor or a lawyer or something.\" He laughed and shook his head. \"Sometimes I think she's the only reason why I came to Cool World. To get away from her.\" \"I don't think you have to worry about that anymore,\" I said. \"She pretty well doesn't think you exist.\" \"That may be true,\" he said. \"But she's still taking a bite out of me financially, isn't she?\" \"Pretty much. I think you willed her everything you own.\" \"That's bullshit,\" he said. I shrugged. \"Most lawsuits are, but what can you do? It's not like you were there to contest it.\" \"What about you?\" he asked. \"What did you do about it?\" \"Me?\" I said. \"I'm lucky I can even afford rent.\" \"You work at H and R Block. I had to pay those guys almost two hundred dollars to file my paperwork, and you're saying you can't afford rent?\" I rolled my eyes. \"I've had this conversation with mom. Just because you pay them two hundred dollars doesn't mean I get two hundred dollars. I work in a call center. It's different. Plus I have a bunch of other bills. The point is, I can't afford a lawyer, and you've been absent most my life, so I really don't care enough to get one.\" He frowned at me, but didn't seem that irked, probably because he was used to living in Cool World, where he could draw his own money, or anything else he wanted. He gestured to the door. \"Why don't you come in and make yourself comfortable? I've got some fairly good drinks, or snacks if you want them.\" Dane closed a cartoon closet door she'd been peering in. \"What kind of snacks?\" she called. I looked at her like she was crazy. \"Wasn't all that food I got you enough?\" \"Well,\" she said. \"I mostly nibbled. And I get sick if I try eating more than two Pop Tarts at a time.\" Jack waved us all in. \"Let's talk in the living room.\" I really had no choice. I could either work the phones as Popeye the Sailor or take another trip into Looney Land. Plus, whenever I turned into Rat Lady, Riffraff kept yanking my tail, dragging me to the door. Dad's house looked like one of those jungle palaces you wander through in all of those Myst video games, an ostentatious display of wealth and sophistication, full of obscure pieces of sculpture and confusing bits of machinery that seemed to serve no apparent purpose. I supposed if Dad wanted to assemble compound molecule chains every time he wanted to make coffee or flush the toilet, that was his business. I stared at the Chinese fishes flitting back and forth in the aquarium, the scavenger shrimp cleaning out the mouth of a clownfish that, thankfully, wasn't Nemo. \"I originally planned to do the old fashioned house with the picket fence,\" Dad said. \"But Holli apparently wasn't ready to settle down , so I just said `screw it' and made what I wanted.\" \"Interesting,\" was the only thing I could think to say in reply. I heard the shatter of glass, then a red and white bird with a baseball for a body flapped into the hallway. Its beak chirped as it wiggled its tail feathers and flapped its wings. Although not positive, I could almost swear that I saw it, or a bird like it, when playing baseball against Riffraff. In fact, I was certain I'd seen a few of those while playing center in little league... when I was trying to catch the real ball . Looking irritated, Dad picked the bird up, hurling it out the broken window. \"Damn pop flies,\" he muttered. We descended a wide ornately wrought spiral staircase, entering a living room in the style of Frank Lloyd Wright. Elegant fireplace, nature paintings, a fountain, and a forest outside the window, some kind of indoor garden at the opposite end. Dad gestured at the room. \"I made this whole building from scratch,\" he said proudly. \"I designed every room, from the blueprints to the decoration.\" \"You're definitely talented,\" I said. \"Sometimes I think that's his only virtue,\" Holli muttered. Chori blinked, as if trying to decide if she agreed with that assessment. I marched further in. Off to one side, I could see a hallway lined with Japanese paper screens instead of sturdy walls. They had several bookshelves. Amanda sat at a little desk in the corner, reading A Clockwork Orange . Okay, you don't actually read that book as much as look up words in the back and try to decipher all the sentences, but that's what she was doing. Holli had already loaded all the containers of glop into a cart, and was wheeling it down the hallway when I came down. Dad led me to a pair of facing rectangular sofas, gesturing for me to sit. He glanced at his new animated girlfriend. \"Chori, could you get us some drinks, please?\" The Asian nodded. So far, she had not uttered a single word. I supposed it figured, as mother always tended to be a motormouth. Dane sketched a skull on the circular coffee table, and it came to life, floating in the air above the sofa. \"This is awesome !\" Jack took out an eraser and erased it. \"I know you're excited, but could you please refrain? I don't want to live in a haunted house.\" Dane blushed. \"Sorry.\" Riffraff and Sneezer didn't speak, probably because they were familiar with the family's relational difficulties and didn't want to get caught up in it. Instead they only watched us, wide eyed, and listening attentively. \"So,\" Dad said. \"Son...\" This was awkward because I had just turned female, Sneezer of course staring at me with little hearts popping out. Dad didn't skip a beat. \"Tell me. How did you manage to wind up in Cool World?\" And so I told him the story. \"And you think Holli will actually find the cure.\" He sounded skeptical. \"I don't know,\" I said, turning into that fat kid from Disney's Up . \"But I don't want to stay like this.\" Dad turned into a cartoon clown. \"I didn't either, but if there was really a cure, we would have found it by now. You do realize that stuff is basically ink, right?\" I turned into The Brave Little Toaster. \"I'm really hoping there's more basically in there than ink. I can't live like this.\" Dad changed into an animated version of himself. \"Me, I have learned to live with it.\" Chori came back from another room with a tray full of drinks, and sushi, setting them on the coffee table. Dane immediately shoved two sushi rolls into her mouth, then frowned when she noticed the general flavorlessness. I picked up a...I don't know, something , in a champagne glass. \"It's easy for you,\" I said. \"You can just draw yourself an imaginary girlfriend, and food, and a house. I can't draw anything. I can only do holes and hearts and stick figures. I don't belong here.\" Dad sipped his drink. \"This place really isn't so bad, once you get used to it.\" \" I'd say ,\" Dane muttered in awe. She sipped from a wine glass, then grimaced. I took a drink of mine and set it down. \"Everything here tastes like tea.\" \"Mine tastes kind of like water,\" Dane said. Riffraff shook his head. \" Humans. \" Dad looked disappointed in me. \"You've inherited your imagination from your mother.\" He pointed at his glass. \"This is an exceptional French Bordeaux. Remember that scene from Peter Pan when they're eating off of empty plates and dishes?\" \"No,\" I said. He sighed. \"Robin Williams pretends they're full of food, and they are . In Cool World, that's not pretend, that's survival .\" \"If that works so well, why haven't you figured out a way to make yourself completely human?\" He looked pained. \"Believe me. I've tried. Just because a little kid can squish a bunch of lemons and make lemonade doesn't mean they can figure out the formula for Coke.\" \"I'm taking the Mach 5, Holli called from the hallway entrance. \"That's a racecar,\" Dad said. \"There isn't room for storage or passengers. Take the Owlmobile. It's got plenty of room.\" \"It's a glorified minivan.\" \"Your point being? It's got cargo room and seats for passengers.\" \"I need something with a little more speed.\" \"You can't take Kitt.\" \"I can do what I want,\" Holli said, marching down the hallway. Amanda got up, gesturing for me to follow her. \"C'mon, Drew.\" I shrugged and did so, marching down the corridor of paper screens. Things got strange as we walked down that path, but I guess that was to be expected. Through one open sliding door I could see a dojo, in which a ninja rabbit practiced stunts like they did in that Kung Fu sequence in the first Matrix film, running up the walls, defying gravity, that sort of thing. Another open screen led to a female rabbit with a little tea set. The creature was big breasted and had on one of those baggy kimono things that revealed more than it concealed, and basically fell off when you untied the string, like a Chinese bathrobe. I kept walking. A garage stood at the end of this hallway, containing a row of fine cars. A corvette, a shiny yellow Jeep, an Aston Martin. The room had been designed to look like a garage from the 1950's, complete with antique beverage signs, one of those vending machines that dispensed sodas in glass bottles, and an old style Mobilgas fuel pump. The garage door was open, beyond which I could see a desert. It seemed the jungle was only on the opposite side. ...Unless it was one of those Looney Tunes things where it's a painting and you can drive through it. In the back of this place, I saw a Chevy Lumina minivan, covered in gray feathers, with a sort of owl-like `mask' covering the front end. The Owlmobile, no doubt. The Knight Rider car had been parked between the Speed Racer car and the Barracuda from Phantasm, making that weird whooshing sound as lights swept back and forth on its hood display. As I looked around, taking in my surroundings, and wondering if Phantasm had ever been a cartoon, I heard the black Trans Am revving its engine. A second later, it was off in the desert, leaving us in a cloud of cartoon dust. \"Hey!\" I cried. \"What the hell?\" \" I know ,\" Dad said with a smirk. \" Shocking , isn't it?\" He jangled a set of keys. \"Where to?\"[Chapter 36] As we approached the Owlmobile, I glanced at Dane with a frown. \"I was hoping you could, you know, go back to our car , in the real world, and make sure it doesn't get towed... \" \"I can do that later,\" she said. I shook my head. \"I'm not sure you can. The last time I came here, the door disappeared. I wasn't sure I'd ever get out.\" She shrugged indifferently. \"So? I like it here. \" \"But you're pregnant,\" I said. \"Can you think of a cooler place to raise a baby?\" \"What about the car?\" I said. \"It's not mine. It's your girlfriend's. Plus it's a hotel . You have to be there a long time for them to tow you out of there!\" \"They do look at your validation, though,\" I urged. \"It's your ex's car . Who cares?\" I hated to say it, but she had a point. Plus , it was Jessica's car that had been parked at the hotel originally, before all this Cool World mess. Even if it did get towed downtown, I left her with a cleaner car, and a full tank of gas. She should thank me. \"Fine,\" I sighed. \"Don't wander off.\" Our ride was hideous. A pink minivan, covered in feathers, inside and out, including the seats. It was like the world's largest feather duster. We had to sting Sneezer with the Nasonex bee to keep him from blowing off the sliding doors. Technically, it wasn't allergies, but a response to feathers tickling his nose. Still, it worked. The vehicle had a few items of radar and surveillance equipment, an empty tool rack, and, bizarrely, a computerized library catalog, and a pair of loaded bookshelves. \"On a hunt for overdue books?\" I asked dad. He laughed. \"Don't ask me. The library was doing a fundraiser.\" He shrugged. \"Amanda kind of twisted my arm.\" I chuckled. Dane naturally sat next to Riffraff, just like she did in the house. I tried to sit in a passenger seat behind the driver, but Dad asked me to sit up front. Dad's new girlfriend took a place at a console in the back, watching a radar and cameras as we pulled out of the garage, pushing buttons to retrieve data. As I watched her work, I saw her flickering into a real Japanese woman. It answered a question I really didn't want to ask out loud. I glanced at Dad in the driver's seat and found him changing the opposite way, becoming a large cartoon Ewok. The pedals shifted to meet his stubby feet, the chair and steering wheel shifting to fit his body. He stayed like this for some time. He leaned over the chair, talking to his daughter. \"I'm guessing Holli said no about the party.\" Amanda nodded. \"Sorry.\" The view out the front window was an unchanging desert landscape, not unlike the one I'd crossed to find The Land of the Lost Stuff. Dane examined the inside of the sliding door next to her, which appeared to have been a weapons rack at some point, empty holsters, sockets for something cylindrical, possibly bombs or cartridges. She turned around, smirking at the cat as she gestured at Sneezer. \"Any particular reason why you never try to eat that mouse?\" \"I don't do mice,\" he said. \"That's just not my bag.\" Dane chuckled, probably due to her imagining him doing a mouse. \"Where's Odie?\" \"I don't know no Odie,\" Riffraff said. \"But you're Garfield! You've gotta know Odie!\" \"Babe,\" he said. \"I like you, but you're confusing me with another cat! \" \"Going back to Holli's place?\" Dad asked. \"Looks like it,\" I said. \"I don't imagine there's a hotel.\" \"You can always stay with me,\" Dad said. I shuddered at the thought of spending the night in the same house where my dad could be screwing his animated girlfriend. \"That's...okay. I'll figure something out on my own.\" \"Suit yourself.\" Amanda leaned over my seat. \"You can stay with me. We'll be close to mom's place. We can check her progress.\" I nodded, hoping her offer wasn't another ploy to get in my pants. My companions, however, were probably hoping that it was. \"Uh...fine.\" I frowned at Dane. \"What about you? I don't think there's room for you in my sister's apartment.\" \"Maybe I could draw a bed or something.\" \"I have some workout mats and a little couch,\" Amanda suggested. \"That's cool.\" \"Who's Margaret Shusher?\" Sneezer said suddenly. \"I think she owned this car,\" Dad said. \"Why?\" A minivan is not a car, per se, but that's how Dad always talked. The mouse held up a plastic badge. \"I found this in a seat.\" Dad reached back and grabbed the object, staring at it with mild interest. \"Huh.\" He handed it back. Dad pushed a button on the dashboard stereo, and the faux classical music that followed us everywhere was replaced by...nothing. He pointed at the digital readout. \"Apparently this is the soundtrack to The Librarian. \" He made a set of airplane controls popped out around the dash with a few button clicks. \"Fasten your seatbelts, and make sure your tray tables are folded in the upright position.\" He pulled back on the steering wheel, taking us up in the air. \"This is kind of cool,\" Dane said. \"Cooler than some of this other junk,\" I agreed. Dad pushed a lever all the way forward, and the super minivan somehow went into warp speed. We flew over a familiar looking stretch of buildings, touching down in front of Holli and Amanda's apartment, behind the black Trans Am. \"You know,\" Dad said to me. \"I think I saw some vacancies listed in the paper. Maybe you could ask the building manager.\" I frowned. It would make things less awkward. But then again, I didn't anticipate a permanent stay. \"I suppose I could... \" We got out, and Dane again froze in one spot, gawking at her surroundings. When I glanced back at our vehicle, I saw a pair of jet engines and small airplane wings retracting into the vehicle's body. A feathery vertical stabilizer was also trying to retract, but didn't quite go back in. It just clanked noisily, popping back out of the roof. Amanda smiled at me. \"I've got to get a key made for you. I'd hate to see you getting locked out and sleeping in an alley.\" I pictured the scenario I'd seen in an old Donald Duck cartoon, the one where everything humorously prevented Donald's sleep. I figured I could just draw a key to the apartment, but I thanked her anyway. She knocked on the flat knocker, and the mutant skull came to life. \"Wow,\" it laughed. \"Looks like a party!\" The skull twisted its neck as it stared at my dad. \"So. You finally came crawling back.\" \"N-no,\" Dad said, raising his hands defensively. \"Just dropping off my daughter. Holli and I are done .\" The skull chuckled. \" Sure you are. Sure...\" It turned its attention to Dane. \"Who's the new noid?\" The girl grinned, waving to it. \"Hi. I'm Dane.\" She reached up and touched the creature, chuckling when she noticed it uttering a low purring sound. \"Nice kid.\" It turned two dimensional, sliding open. Dad stared through the doorway. \"This is new. I thought there was a double staircase and stuff.\" \"They just remodeled,\" Amanda said. \"It was a mess the first couple weeks. We had flying superheroes taking us to our apartments.\" \"Anyone I recognize?\" Dane asked. She shrugged. \"Kultoog Ha, Sargeant Stretchpants, Wonderbread, Child Prodigy?\" \"In other words,\" I said. \"No.\" I and the others marched into the lobby, but Dad stayed out on the steps. \"I'd better not,\" he said with a sheepish smile. \"Anyways, I've got to get Kit back to the garage.\" \"Kit has an autopilot,\" Amanda said. Dad chuckled and shook his head. \"I'm sorry. I just don't think I should go up there.\" He looked me in the eyes. \"Come visit me at my place, anytime. My door is always open.\" He gave me a smirk. \"I'll see you around.\" I offered my hand to shake, but he said, \"Oh c'mon. You can hug your old man.\" And I did so. Awkwardly. Dad sighed, waved goodbye, getting in the Trans Am. We took the elevator upstairs to Holli's place. The door was locked, or rather, the drawing was , but Amanda let us in. We didn't find anyone there. Holli wasn't in the main room or her bedroom. \"Where do you think she went?\" I asked as I watched Dane poking a drunk mouse passed out in a martini glass. Amanda peered through a window on a metal door to one side of the room. A statue of a discus player stood on a pedestal to one side of the door. She twisted its throwing arm in a circle, and the door slid open, revealing a laboratory full of bubbling beakers and test tubes, the usual stuff they use in cartoons about mad scientists and Frankenstein. Dane tried to grab a pair of vials and mix them, but I told her no. It would more than likely blow up everything in the lab (including my cure) in addition to making her into a Frankenstein Tweety bird. \"But that would be cool!\" she said. \"I mean, being Frankentweety.\" \"Tell you what,\" I answered. \"If I can regain my humanity, I'll find you a chemistry set just like this, and you can blow yourself up to your heart's content.\" \"Right on!\" she said with a grin. Holli now had the black stuff sitting in one large vat, the original containers tossed haphazardly all over the floor. The only thing that really bothered me was the stolen thermos, because it wasn't mine. The half doodle, clad in a labcoat and wielding goggles read from what appeared to be a cookbook as the big man-gorilla thing from the lobby (also clad in lab attire) mixed chemicals into a flask. \"How's it coming?\" I asked. \"Lousy,\" came the bitter reply. \"Of course, the only breakthroughs I can expect in twenty four hours are mutant superpowers. Unraveling the secrets of the universe take time, say a week to one month.\" \"Wow,\" I joked. \"The future looks pretty bleak!\" \"Actually,\" Sneezer said in a serious tone. \"Those odds sound really good!\" \"I know,\" I said. \"That was called sarcasm .\" I smiled at Amanda's mother. \"That's really great, Holli. Please let me know when you find the cure, okay?\" She nodded, but I wondered if she really would let me know without pressing her about it. If she wanted it all for herself, for example... \"All right,\" I groaned, looking at Amanda. \"I'm dog tired. Let's go back to your place.\" Ironically, I said this while taking on the form of Scruff McGruff. Dane laughed. I had the choice of four beds. I could try out the slot machine bed, and drop down into a pit, I could take my chances and share a bed with Amanda, or I could use a padded bench or sleep on some gym/sex mats on the floor. Riffraff, seeing the sleeping options available to him, went home to see Cleo. Dane asked to go with him, but he said no. I think he was just annoyed at her calling him Garfield all the time. Sneezer again took the slot machine bed, disappearing with a scream when he got a bar and two cherries. When Dane saw what happened, she preferred to recline on the bench. I tried the gym mats, but it didn't work. Joining Dane on the bench did cross my mind, but it didn't look like there was enough room, so I opted for sleeping on the bed with Amanda, with my back to her. That worked for awhile, but after an hour or so she was wrapping her arms and legs around me, rubbing her crotch against my leg. Eventually, after about ten minutes of me complaining about a headache and generally being unresponsive, she gave up and let me sleep. I had only slept for maybe four hours or so before I felt a hand caressing my rear end. \"Amanda,\" I groaned with my eyes shut. \"Don't do that. You're my sister. \" The hand stopped, and it was like someone was driving knives into my butt. I let out an agonized scream...and actually did that thing cartoons do when they sit on a cactus. In my animated Scouter Drew form, my body somehow launched itself upwards, smashing a me shaped hole in the ceiling, causing a female cow in bloomers in the upstairs apartment to scream in fright and hit me with a purse as I fell back down. I turned human halfway down, landing painfully on the bed. And there was Riffraff, with his claws bared. \"Good morning, slave,\" he said as he retracted them. \"Ready for your first fun filled day?\"[Chapter 37] I didn't see Amanda or Dane anywhere. I guessed they went out shopping together or something. I frowned at the cat in disgust. \"You put your hand on my ass.\" \"Only because it was funny.\" \"You're funny , all right. But it's a different kind of funny. \" Riffraff narrowed his eyes. \"I'm not sure I like what you're implying.\" \" And I'm not sure I like you touching my butt!\" \"You want me to add an additional year to your service?\" he threatened. \"No,\" I said. \"I think you'd enjoy it a little too much. \" \"You were female when you were sleeping.\" I blushed, realizing he was probably right. \" Sure I was. \" Riffraff glared at me. \"All right, wise guy. For that, I'm going to think up some especially difficult tasks for you to do. Come with me. You're going to be very busy. \" \"Wait,\" I said. \"What about breakfast? Or a shower?\" He shook his head. \"You should have thought about that before you started questioning my sexuality.\" I followed him out the door, all the while looking around for the girls. We bumped into Sneezer as he was coming out of an elevator...dressed in a silver suit. \"You fell down the bottomless pit again,\" I said. \"Didn't you? How did you get out this time?\" \"Actually, I fell into the Buck Rogers opening sequence.\" I rolled my eyes as Twinkie the robot popped out of the elevator, going, \"Bleebideebideep.\" The Cat-Illac was parked in front of the building, with Hector and Cleo occupying the seats. I supposed their associates were taking cat naps. Riff led me to the driver's side door, gesturing for me to get in. \"You are now our official chauffeur.\" I shrugged indifferently. \"Nothing new there. \" It wasn't. Only the vehicle had changed. Thanks to our little tour through Las Vegas, I even had a driver's license in my pocket, in the unlikely event that I actually needed it in Toon Town. Riffraff waved Hector out of the driver's seat, and I took his place, grinning as I stared at the controls. Classic Cadillac setup, well, except for the seat ejection button, the submersible and boat modes, and other strange features. \"I've always wanted to drive this thing,\" I said, rubbing my hands. \"Are you insured for this, or do you need to revise your plan?\" Riffraff reddened. \"I...um, er...that is...\" And then I hear someone knocking on the car door. Looking down, I see a green gecko with a suitcase. \"May I be of some assistance?\" I rolled my eyes. \"We don't actually own this vehicle,\" Riffraff said. \"Oh,\" the creature sighed in disappointment. \"Well, once you do own a car, truck, van or SUV , let me know, and I'll insure it.\" Then he offered me a card. It was just the 1-800 number and the web address. Before I could pocket the card, Riffraff jumped out and grabbed the gecko, shoving him into the glove compartment. \"Problem solved.\" I started up the engine, shifting into drive. The streets of Cool World were convoluted and confusing. In fact, Convoluted Street turned into Confusing at the corner of Crazy and Ridiculous. I needed Riffraff's directions to figure out where I was going. We rolled up in front of a grocery store called Dinosaucer's Market, which was just a regular grocery store manned by alien dinosaurs. Outside the sliding door, Riffraff whispered to me about shoplifting from the place, but I told him about Sneezer's stash of Daffy Ducks, and he changed his mind, telling me to go grab a cart. You very rarely see grocery stores in cartoon shows. The most notable ones were on Heathcliff , South Park and Dinosaucers . They might have had one on King of the Hill , but I never watched more than a couple episodes, so I don't know. For this reason, the place was rather dry and uninteresting, not that I complained. I pushed the buggy around as Riffraff piled it full of items, milk, fish and meat, most prominently. The feminine products aisle was rather small, consisting only of nail care and makeup items. Judging by last night's `auditor', I supposed that doodles didn't menstruate, or douche, or require anything else that you'd find in a feminine products aisle... or an adult incontinence aisle. When we got to the counter, Riffraff didn't ask Sneezer for the dough. He just reached into the mouse's silver suit and handed the money to the armored brontosaurus behind the counter. The dinosaur used an alien ray gun to pack all our items into a small box that shouldn't have held all those items without exploding. I suppose, because of the device, it made more sense than most other things in Cool World. We put the box in the trunk, and I was directed to drive back to the junkyard, apparently located between spooky Elm Street and Sinister Street (which, I was told, extended forever, just block upon block of identical looking buildings, defying all laws of geography and logistics). When I passed through the main gate, Leroy gave me a low growl and said, \"Did you get that loan taken care of?\" \"Almost,\" I lied. \"But the guy was a shark . I promise I'll pay for it when I find a place that's legit.\" Sadly, I came to the realization that I probably would have to find such a place. He glared at me in annoyance. \"While you're doing that, you should also find another home for those vermin you're driving around. This isn't a campground.\" I figured he'd change his mind for the right amount of money, but didn't want to offer something I didn't have. \"Okay. I'll keep my eyes peeled.\" The dog stared at me for a moment, then burst out laughing. \"What,\" I said. \"Nothing,\" he chuckled. \"It's just, that's the first time I've heard someone saying that without literally peeling their eyes.\" He laughed some more, slapping his knee. \"Hilarious!\" Instead of peeling my eyes, I rolled them, steering the car back into the junkyard. The cats lived in a tall mountain of junk topped with an airplane fuselage. We parked downhill from a bunch of interconnected air conditioner ducts, i.e. the bathtub luge they show on the beginning of every episode of Heathcliff . The interior I can sum up on one word: Ghetto . Or maybe Sanford and Sons . The floors looked all cobbled together, the door and window frames lopsided, the couch was curbateur , some discard from the dump, I suppose, with a spring sticking out of it. In the corner stood bathtub toboggan with an ugly curtain around it, and a beat up mattress with a crooked bed frame. It was an apartment, of sorts . Off to one side, I could see a short hallway leading to a sketchy looking staircase that probably would collapse the moment I stepped on it. I glimpsed another room below. You would have thought that Sneezer would be in danger as a mouse among cats, but nobody bothered him. He just relaxed on the couch like he lived there. Despite its small size, our grocery box weighed a ton. I lugged it up into the airplane, to a small refrigerator in the corner of the place, wondering where they got the electricity from when I found the interior of the appliance chilled and lit up. Deciding it didn't matter, I opened the box. It exploded like that can of snakes people get from novelty gag shops. Clearly that the volume of the box exceeded the capacity of the fridge and the box, which confused me when I tried to put things away. When I gently set the milk, meat and eggs on the shelves like a rational sane person, I only fit in a quarter of them. \"No no no,\" Riffraff said. \"You're doing it all wrong.\" So he started shoving and squishing everything in, stretching the sides of the fridge like a rubber band, then grabbing the door and stomping it in with his feet, squeeezing it shut on the whole mess. \"That's great,\" I said. \"But you've just done the suitcase gag. You'll have food flying all over.\" \"Observe.\" He pulled the door handle down like a lever. When he opened the door again, everything fit picture perfect. \"So...there's a hidden freezer beneath the freezer or something?\" \"Hammer Space. \" I rolled my eyes. \"Gotcha.\" And then I asked, \"Do you have to pay a fee to own a piece of Hammer Space?\" He gave me a suspicious look. \"Why. Are you a bill collector?\" I smirked. \"I think you just answered my question.\" Riff shrugged. \"I may or may not be behind a month.\" \"Oh!\" I heard Cleo saying from a doorway. \"Our slave is here! Wonderful!\" \"Yes, baby,\" Riffraff said. \"He's been a chauffeur and our grocery boy. He even paid for the groceries. Any requests before I really torture him?\" \"I can think of a few,\" she said with a mischievous grin. \"First of all, he needs to dress like a slave.\" \"Roman, Egyptian or French maid?\" She paused and rubbed her chin. \"French maid.\" I groaned. \"Seriously?\" So far, the abuse had been rather mild. The groceries and stocking the fridge had been a little annoying, but not quite intolerable. But this ... this was unreasonable. I really considered blowing the whole thing off. I mean, no one said I had to submit to this... But I kind of wanted to . At least a little. I sort of still liked Riffraff, and wanted to get on his good side... Or maybe Cleo's . I don't know why, but I did. Plus I was kind of stuck in Cool World now, so there were certain things I had to learn to put up with. Plus, with my condition, I'd technically be female fifty percent of the time anyway, so it wouldn't be a complete drag act. \"Seriously,\" he said. \"Go see Leroy. Ask him to show you the slave shop.\" \"Why am I asking him ?\" I asked in alarm. \"He's been our slave before. He'll show you where to go.\" I frowned. \"Oh... kay. \" I glanced at Sneezer. \"You'd better come along. Leroy's been pestering me about the car. They might want a down payment or something.\" The mouse gave me a knowing smile. I swallowed hard. \"Oh no. You got your show already. That's technically my money.\" \"You only found it. It's not yours. \" I put my hands on my hips, scowling at him. As I did this, I suddenly became the rat in the kimono. Sneezer's mouth dropped open, and hearts popped out of his body. \"I'll do anything for you! \" \" Right ,\" I groaned. \"Whatever. Let's go.\" Grinning, the mouse followed me out the crudely constructed door. And so I marched down the mound of junk, noting, with some annoyance, that I had suddenly become Scouter Drew again. At least, I told myself, it's better than that fatass from Pixar's Up . Nervously, I marched down through the piles of discarded trash, furniture and car parts until I found Leroy seated at a little table, chewing on a rubber steak in a dog dish. I waved to him. The dog bit off a chunk of steak and stared at me. \"Did you get lost, little boy?\" \"Uh, no,\" I said. \"Riffraff made me his slave, and I'm looking for the, um, slave shop. You know anything about that?\" He scowled. \"I might.\" My animated form flickered, and I was myself again. \"Waaait!\" he growled. \"You're that Deebes kid, aren't you? I knew I recognized that voice!\" \"Uh... you got me .\" \"If there's one thing I hate more than anything else, it's liars. Be honest with me. Deebes, did you really intend to buy that Cadillac, or were you just making up a story to get past me?\" I swallowed. \"Actually, I've always liked that car. Probably more than the cats that live in it.\" \"That's what I wanted to hear!\" I gave him a nod. \"That's right. \" He crossed his arms. \"I still want to see that loan paperwork.\" \"Fine. I've been meaning to get that done anyway. Do you know where I can find someone who can offer me a loan without giving me a shifty deal?\" Leroy scratched his head. \"No. I'm just a dog.\" But then he paused, pulling out a silver bullet. \"Wait. I completely forgot about this. A masked man came by here a few weeks ago. I think he said his name was the Loan Arranger. Maybe you can try giving him a call.\" And he handed me the bullet. \"Ohhkay, as crazy as that sounds, I'm guessing it's legit. How do I use this...bullet?\" Leroy shrugged. \"I don't know. Shoot it?\" He pulled out a gun. \"Here. Use this.\" He handed me a cartoon weapon that probably wouldn't hurt him if I shot him with it. Before I could fire the bullet in the air or anything, he said, \"Wait. Better check with the boss for an estimate first.\" I smiled. \"That's a good idea. I don't know what I was thinking.\" The dog led me up to a square little concrete building that said Office on it. Its windows only showed diagonal bands of blue and white to illustrate reflectivity, so I couldn't see inside until Leroy pushed the door open and lead me in. Like going upstairs in a sitcom, nobody showed the junkyard office on the cartoon, so I had no idea what to expect. As in other cartoon buildings, it turned out to be bigger on the inside than out, like a warehouse, and the only thing that it seemed to contain was a pair of offices and an immense desk, the latter occupied by an even more immense stupid looking purple pig demon with horns and glowing eyes. \"Uh, hello?\" I said. \"Who are you?\" the creature replied, his voice, of course, a demonic rumbly bass. \"I'm Drew Deebes. I'm interested in buying the Cat-Illac.\" \" Are you ,\" he said with skepticism. \"Definitely, sir. How much do you want for it?\" \"Ten grand,\" he replied. \"Be aware that by purchasing said item, you risk destabilizing the integrity of this entire reality, and possibly wipe several characters out of existence.\" \"I've just had sex with a doodle,\" I said. \"How bad can it be?\" \"There is more than one way to destroy Cool World.\" \"Why will it destroy Cool World?\" I said. \"I mean, if anything, expanding the universe of a particular cartoon would strengthen it, not weaken it.\" \"You'll destroy canon on a discontinued series.\" \"So? \" I said. \"It just needs to be rebuilt.\" \"It's not as simple as you think. There are established character-antagonist relationships, dramatic tension, not to mention copyright laws to negotiate.\" \"I still don't see a problem,\" I said. \"All those things can be expanded, except maybe the copyrights. It gives depth. Shows character development. This place is already full of dramatic conflict. The cats will still be interesting, even if they decide to move on.\" The creature only laughed, handing me some paperwork and a pen with ink the color of blood. \"What's this?\" I said. \"A contractual agreement stating that, upon failing to pay the ten thousand dollars within a year, you are obligated to serve me for two.\" I frowned. \"It almost sounds like you know about the agreement I had with Riffraff.\" He laughed. \"I know everything that happens in this junkyard.\" As I signed each line, I heard thunder, and an unseen choir sang an ominous piece like they did in the scary parts of Indiana Jones movies. Clouds of red-purple animated smoke surrounded me, the kind that came out of the evil genie bottle on Disney's Aladdin . When I finished signing, the demon did the traditional villain laugh, an unnatural progression from chortles to mad barking guffaws. I just stared at him, not quite as impressed as I supposed I should be. In fact, I was thinking about how James Bond villains always laugh exactly three times like this, which led me to thinking about Austin Powers and that Bond parody song by Mister Blotto. After an awkward moment, the demon growled, \"Get out of here. You ruined it.\"[Chapter 38] \"So what did he say?\" Leroy asked me when I came out of the office. I shrugged. \"Ten grand. It's actually ten cheaper than what I paid for my car.\" I paused, frowning at the mouse. \"Speaking of which, we need to make use of existing capital.\" \"A down payment?\" Leroy guessed. \"Funny, I said. \"The guy didn't even ask me for one.\" I looked the mouse in his beady eyes. \"How much money you got in that silver suit?\" \"It's not ten grand,\" he said. I held out my hand. \"Money, please.\" \"It's just a stupid car. What's in it for me?\" I scowled at him. \"How about joint ownership of that so-called `stupid car'?\" Sneezer rubbed his chin thoughtfully. \"What else?\" \"What do you mean, what else ?\" I wanted to slap that white blob of paint that he called a face, or maybe just reach into his outfit and grab the money myself, but neither one would achieve the desired result. Also, the thought of reaching into his spacesuit and finding his privates made me shudder. \"What do you want? Another free show?\" \"Getting warmer!\" he said with a grin. I grimaced in disgust. I knew what he wanted, I just didn't want to say it out loud, for fear of giving him ideas. \"I'm not sure I understand.\" The mouse's grin widened. \" I think you do .\" \"I really, really don't think so.\" \"You mean, you won't , or you really don't think you understand?\" \"Let's go with the second one and see what I think about the first. What exactly are you implying?\" \" You know ,\" he said mischievously. \"No,\" I said. \"I really don't.\" \"I know you do, or else you would have already gone out and said it.\" \"I always hesitate before agreeing to things I don't understand. That's how I avoid pyramid schemes and door to door knife selling gigs.\" \" You don't want to say it. \" I narrowed my eyes. \"I don't want to say it because you'll just get an idea that I never wanted you to have.\" \"It seems like you do know what he's talking about,\" Leroy said. \"You stay out of it!\" I snapped. The dog raised his paws defensively. \"See?\" Sneezer said. \"Even he agrees with me. You just don't want to say it out loud.\" \"All right, all right,\" I bluffed. \"But me and Pippi Longstocking... what will the children look like ?\" The mouse chuckled. \" I knew you knew. \" I sighed nervously. \"Fine. Find me Pippi Longstocking, and we'll talk.\" Sneezer smiled in a way that nauseated me. \" I wasn't talking about Pippi Longstocking .\" \"I...don't follow you,\" I said. \"Yes you do.\" The conversation devolved into that childish game where the two parties alternate between saying, \"You do\" and \"I don't\", for nearly an entire minute. At last I yelled, \"I'm not having sex with you!\" \"What about when you're a rat in a kimono?\" \"Still no,\" I said. \"I don't sleep with anyone that wears a diaper!\" \"I'm not wearing any now,\" he said, pointing to his silver suit. \"Still no,\" I said. \"That's like kiddie porn. I don't do that.\" \"How about a date?\" I turned into Kimono Rat. \"Seriously? You hang around me all the time already! I shudder to think about what you consider romantic!\" \"You're not convincing me to give you the money,\" he said. I groaned. Since I was in a female form anyway, I gave up. \"Fine. We'll go on a date sometime. But don't expect anything-\" I shuddered in disgust. \"God, I can't believe I just said that.\" Scientists must be right about men losing testosterone and gaining estrogen after sex. \"I think you'll change your mind after the first couple,\" Sneezer said. I reddened. \"Excuse me?\" \"I want dates . As in plural .\" He pronounced that last word `ploo ral,' making it even ickier. \"I'll provide your down payment if you agree to go out with me every day for a month.\" \"That's way too much Sneezer,\" I said. \"Even people in love get tired of seeing the other person's face occasionally.\" Sneezer looked surprised by that statement, as if the idea never occurred to him. \"Twice a week for a month?\" \"Getting warmer,\" I said. \"Once...a week...for two months.\" \"Deal,\" I sighed. \"And I get to watch the next time you have sex.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Fine.\" I figured that would be just as likely as me sleeping with Sneezer anyway. Actually, twice as likely . I decided `cheating' or even `a double date' where I date a cute doodle while he or she dates me in my rat form, might be okay if I didn't mention it until I had the down payment. Okay, so, no pressure. I led the mouse back into the building, which was still full of colored smoke, approaching the desk. As in most cartoons, there was an inconsistency, for now the scary demonic smoke was actually the product of a cigar the creature gnawed between his teeth. Noticing the guy's name was on a plaque, I said, \"Frank,\" I said (I read the demon's name from a plaque). \"I got your down payment.\" The mouse's eyes grew big as saucers as I him up to the demon. His legs trembled. I could see he wanted to bolt any minute. \"I think you're lying about that diaper,\" I muttered. \"You probably just used it right now.\" \"Uh-huh,\" the mouse nervously squeaked. \"What's a down payment?\" the demon said. I looked at him like he were an idiot, which, apparently, was true. \"I can see now why you let those cats get away with murder in your junkyard.\" The monster's eyes widened. \"They've actually killed someone? Oh my God!\" I rolled my eyes. \"Not literally. Anyway , I have a good faith payment on the car, to show you we intend to pay of the rest.\" \"Oh!\" Frank exclaimed. \"A down payment! \" I stared at the creature's scaly fists and forearms. The guy seemed rather well designed for something that didn't appear in any cartoon show. I figured they must have overworked that area and skimped in the brain department. \"I'm guessing you couldn't cut it in the `immortal souls for recording contracts' racket.\" Frank appeared to agree. \"Have you been talking to my brother?\" \"No,\" I said. I felt the urge to weasel my way out of the contract by somehow outsmarting the guy, but I guess I wasn't that bright myself. The demon frowned at Sneezer. \"Is he your down payment?\" With my face, I gave him a `Maybe?' Frank leaned closer. \"Looks kind of scrawny . I don't think he'll go for very much on the Souls Market. Yours , on the other hand...\" I smacked my face. \"If you don't want the mouse, how about the mouse's money?\" \"All right,\" he said, extending his hand. \"Let's see the money.\" \"I made a number two!\" Sneezer whispered to me with his legs trembling. \" Just hand him the money so we can get out of here! \" I urged. \"Hopefully he won't mind a little (ahem) dirty money .\" Sneezer handed him several stacks. Mr. Big apparently could count money by sound, for he flipped through whole stacks and muttered amounts like he knew what he was counting. At last he slapped the money on his desk. \"That's two grand. Is that all you've got?\" \"Really?\" I said, surprised. \"It looked like a lot more than that!\" Frank shrugged, cleaned his hands with sanitizer. \"It's mostly ones.\" \"Okay,\" I said. \"Looks like I'm going to be on a hunt for the other eight grand.\" I left him, returning to the dog. \"What's the verdict?\" he asked me. \"I think I'm going to be needing that loan.\" I pointed the dog's gun in the air and fired. After a few moments of silently listening to generic Heathcliff incidental music, in which I wondered if I were wasting my time, I suddenly heard the William Tell Overture , and a masked man on a white horse galloped up to me. \"Whoa, Silver!\" The horse and rider looked like something out of Dudley Do Right . The only thing that instilled confidence was the fact he seemed to be from the realm of innocent cartoons like Rocky and Bullwinkle , in which you could tell who a shifty crook was by how much they spoke with a Russian accent and twirled their handlebar mustache. The horse stopped, and he dismounted, tipping back his hat. \"Howdy! I came as soon as I saw the signal! Who needs a loan?\" I felt fairly certain my eyes were going to pop out of my head from rolling so much. I cringed a little. \"I'm the one.\" The Loan Arranger slapped Silver's rump. \"Hop on. I'll take you to the field office.\" A cartoon horse is far more docile and accommodating than a real one, so I got on right away without a problem. As for riding bitch, that part really couldn't be helped. The Loan Arranger's `field office' was on the side of a mountain inside a poster. The horse actually jumped into the poster, carrying us up a rocky pass to a pair of tipis along a hill. Inside one of these tipis, I came across an actual loan office, complete with desks and computers, and posters for various kinds of loans. A grumpy looking Indian occupied the main desk, clad in the stereotypical brave's headdress and buckskin ribbon shirt. \"Who is this, Kemosabe?\" \"A new customer,\" the Loan Arranger said. \"Car loan. Eight thousand.\" I had told him the amount on the way up. Oddly enough, he called me `sweet thing' and `sugar' even when I wasn't in my rat form. Maybe that wasn't so odd, considering comedian Lenny Bruce's take on the whole Lone Ranger/Tanto relationship. But I digress. \"Get him the paperwork and send him down with the check, will you, Tanto? I've got another customer at the Spooky Old Amusement Park.\" The cowboy wasn't going to hang around. I suppose I did change into a female rat a little too much. Tanto gave him a nod. \"I make good deal for you, Kemosabe!\" \"Thank you, Tanto.\" He mounted his horse, shouting, \"Hi yo Silver! Your credit problems away!\" as he galloped off. \"He always does that,\" Tanto groaned, shaking his head. I won't bore you with the details, except to say that the due dates for my payments were completely arbitrary. It seemed you could pay anytime you want without penalty. Well, unless Masked Man brokered in indentured servants (i.e. impossibly high interest rates) or kept things in escrow like they do with Green Tree home loans, so you couldn't get anywhere. At any rate, thanks to my `Indian guide,' I came down the mountain with a check for eight thousand, presenting the check to Frank. Thunder crashed as junkyard manager filed away the check. The moment I stepped out of his office, the background music stopped, and the lighting around me suddenly dimmed. When I looked up, I saw a formation of swirling clouds, kind of like a tornado, except there was no funnel, as if someone had cast one of those spells from The Black Cauldron , or maybe that awful movie with Macaulay Culkin where he hits his head in a library and a sword drops out of the sky. The monuments of junk shook as if in the throes of a giant earthquake, and for the first time in, what, two seasons, the mounds of accumulated debris actually moved , the televisions and Fiats and discarded entertainment centers rolling down mountains of trash like boulders during a volcanic eruption. I had to run out of the way to avoid being crushed. Leroy, with chattering teeth, dove through the window of a rusty 1950's style Ford pickup, cowering in fear somewhere below the console. There was a flash of lightning, then I saw... real clouds, pouring down rain. They flickered animated once more, like nothing had happened, and I thought everything was fine, until lightning flashed again, and I found myself standing in an actual garbage dump, watching a truck unloading about give tons of rotting post consumer waste on top of an already massive mound. Birds flew down from PVC vent pipes, pecking at the rancid trash. The smell was intolerable. Lightning flashed, and I was back in Cool World. Only now, I had company. In the air above me, I saw four figures in red, hovering of the junk piles like gods. The blue faces and red outfits reminded me of the Green Guardians from Green Lantern, but they looked funny. A blue koala bear floated to the east. To the west a blue cat. To the north a German shepherd, and to the south, a blue version of Glomer from It's Punky Brewster , sort of a fat hairy gopher, if you don't remember the show. All of them had glowing eyes, looking rather ominous and intimidating. As they floated, they levitated televisions, tires, and other pieces of junk around them like force fields. The cat spoke first, its voice sounding like a female demonic ghost from one of those horror themed Japanese cartoons. Lots of echo, lots of reverb. \"The integrity of this reality has been compromised,\" it said. \"Who has weakened our reality?\" \"Come forward!\" Glomer called in his weird voice. \"So you may see the end of all things!\" I marched up to the mountain, raising my hands. \"I bought the car, okay? Never mind that my dad and I slept with doodles, and my ex girlfriend might even now be screwing with your genotypes at the baby factory! You're getting after me for a legitimate automotive sale!\" The four creatures floated silently, as if considering my words. \"Your actions unravel ancient plot paradigms,\" the German shepherd said in the voice of He-Man 's Sorceress. \"The resulting vacuum will cause major portions of Cool World to collapse in on themselves, possibly causing the end of our reality.\" \"Like I was telling the demon,\" I said. \"I don't see what the big problem is. Just make up a new story where they own the car and move on.\" \"Are you a writer?\" the cat asked. \"Well,\" I said. \"Not really.\" \"Then all of Cool World will be lost. All that is, was, and ever will be animated will cease to exist.\" \"So,\" I said. \" Not good , I admit, but I know the world is surprisingly resilient. I think it will manage without cartoons, and I can't say I won't love to see what happens to the Disney Vault. That being said, what about me?\" \"If you are human, you will be returned to the reality that birthed you.\" \"And if I'm not?\" \"Then you will be erased from existence with everyone else.\" \"Either that,\" Glomer said. \"Or half your body will disappear, and you will die from the missing vital organs.\" This was not something I ever expected to hear coming out of Glomer's mouth. In any other situation, I would have been entertained, but now I was only scared. \"So,\" I said. \" No pressure. \" They bobbed up and down in the air, making no noise, waiting for me to solve their problem, I guess. \"Okay, okay,\" I said. \"You got me! I'm a writer.\" \"Then write a replacement plotline to go into the vacuum.\" \"Uh, okay,\" I said. I suck at writing , so I just threw them the first thing off the top of my head. \"Riffraff was amazed when Drew brought him the title to his beloved Cadillac...\" \"Weak!\" the koala yelled. \"Never start out a story with a character's name!\" \"You didn't even introduce the characters!\" Glomer said. \"I thought you said you were a writer!\" I cleared my throat. \"The Child Like Empress's name is Serena! It means Moon Child!\" They just stared at me. I guess they had never seen The Neverending Story . \"I was hoping that would work,\" I groaned. \"Why can't you guys write something? Surely in a committee of floating superpowerful beings, someone should be able to come up with a replacement story full of interesting conflicts and plot twists.\" \"We could ,\" said the cat. \"But you won't like it.\" \"So what else is new?\" I said. \"There's a lot of things that have happened to me as of late that I haven't liked at all! Just take out your little typewriters and hammer out a script!\" Glomer actually did wiggle his ears and make a typewriter float in the air, but the others scowled at him. \"What!\" \" We have run out of ideas ,\" said the cat. \"Our inkwell has run dry,\" said the koala. I frowned. \"Does this have something to do with our attempt to remove the cartoon from my system? I mean, we did drain some ink from the spike...\" They stared at me silently, like I had guessed the correct answer. \"C'mon,\" I said. \"I only took maybe a couple gallons worth. There's other spikes. This place is huge . Surely that isn't a problem.\" \"We also have been blocked ,\" said the German shepherd. \"From the outside.\" \"As long as this barrier stands,\" the koala said. \"Our idea resources remain severely diminished.\" I pointed at the sky. \"Is that a brainstorm?\" I asked dryly. Of course they said yes. \"What if I... toss you a few ideas? Maybe get those neurons firing again?\" \"You are welcome to try,\" said the cat. I opened my mouth, and random ideas tumbled out. The four hovered in silence for a long time, and then lightning exploded all around me. \"It has been done!\" Glomer announced. \"We will not make use of your suggestions,\" the cat said. \"But your ideas provide a valuable framework with which to build better, more profitable storylines and character arcs,\" the German shepherd added. \"For the time being, you have restored the ink reservoir.\" The eyes of all four creatures glowed bright as car headlights, and a thick fog rolled through the dump and the surrounding landscape, concealing the nearby hills, the buildings, the garbage piles, and everything else in an opaque red-purple wall. The four floating creatures vanished like ghosts in Japanese cartoons, and as they did the fog cleared. In the distance, I saw a pair of large buildings taking shape, a square gray two story structure with mirrored windows, and a taller glass and steel building. As the objects gained definition, I heard that eerie song they always play in Indiana Jones films when Indy uncovers a huge treasure chamber or some other awe inspiring secret vault. The clouds vanished, and I could at last read the signs on the fronts of the buildings. One said Legitimate Solution Services Inc. The other read, Ewes Bank. It looked so similar to my previous places of employment that I at once knew what they were. Telephone customer service and collections businesses. \"Good Lord,\" I said. \"What are they going to do with that? \" \"Your guess is as as good as mine,\" Sneezer said in a deep male voice. Surprised, I spun around and saw...that he had grown up . He was now my height, and he had a swirl of shiny black hair between his large ears. Still clad in his space pajamas, he had grown into a reasonably handsome doodle. \"They were right,\" I muttered. \"They didn't use my ideas.\" Sneezer shrugged. \"Maybe they used mine.\" That's when I see an armada of storks bearing strange looking babies, to the tune of Ride of the Valkyries . I couldn't see much from my vantage point, but I could tell from a glance that the storks' parcels seemed curiously well shaded . I pointed to them. \"Was that your idea too?\"[Chapter 39] Okay, so maybe I should've not insisted so much on letting the furry guardians rewrite Cool World for me. But then again, the last time I wrote fiction, it was in high school, and, well, my teacher and classmates basically implied that I shouldn't quit my day job, so to speak. My characters were too flat, there wasn't enough conflict, and there wasn't enough of a `hook' to draw people into the first paragraph, let alone the first chapter. So maybe I figured, in this fictional universe, I should rely on people (or beings) who knew the craft better than me. I suppose, if I had gotten my way, Cool World would have become sort of a hamboned, wholly uninspired environment, like the one in Neverending Story 3 (Direct to Video) or The Pagemaster (Direct to Trash Can), but life would have been a lot easier. Instead, well, I found myself with a new boyfriend . Sure, he'd grown , hopefully gotten potty trained...but yuck . Plus, I'm a guy . Sure, I tended to turn into a female rat quite a bit , but I still was male the rest of the time. Double yuck . And then there were those strange yet oddly familiar buildings. It was almost like they could read the cartoon part of my brain and pull stuff out of it. When I first came up with the idea of buying the car, I thought I could just slap down the cartoon money, and maybe find some kind of job in Cool World that would pay for the rest, whether it be counting the number of times Wiley Coyote blew himself up for the insurance company, or using a file to shave down a yeti's callouses and corns (I would have done it). Now, it seemed, I would be reliving my past to earn the money. Provided they were an EOE, that is. And then there were the babies . Were weird babies part of my curse? Or was this the result of what I saw on Dane's drawing? Either way, it didn't look good. Sneezer batted his eyes at me. \"Drew...\" As a rat, I said, \"It doesn't bother you at all that I was originally a male, human, and don't like men?\" Sneezer shook his head. I supposed if you were such a loser that you still wore diapers and lived your sex life vicariously through other people, it wouldn't. He lost the mood for me when I turned into Bufo frog in a clown costume. I could tell because his lovesick expression dropped with a sound like characters on Ren and Stimpy make when looking down on something in disgust. Sort of a squishy balloon sound. \"And you want to date me for two months.\" \"Maybe there's a pattern to what you're doing right now,\" he said, indicating my new look. \"And if I can figure it out...\" I rolled my eyes. \" Then you'll know what day of the week to go out. \" Sneezer grinned. \"You got it!\" I sighed. \"Right. Well . I guess I have slave duty.\" I knocked on the Ford. \"You can come out now! The floating guys are gone!\" Leroy shakily opened the door, staggering out. \"So...\" I said. \"Uh...I hear you know something about slave costumes .\" My sister was pretty much the only reason why I troubled myself with this. Maybe, if I had been more honest, I would have just admitted that maybe I still liked my sister in ways that weren't appropriate, and I wanted to impress her. Plus, I hadn't met any other female that quite compared to her. \" I might ,\" he said. \"What, did you gamble against him too?\" He could tell by the look on my face that my answer was yes. \"How long did he get you for?\" \"A year,\" I said. Leroy chuckled. \"Sounds like you got off lucky. Mine was closer to ten.\" \"I'm guessing that didn't happen while your show was on,\" I said. He looked astonished. \"There was a show ?\" I just shook my head. \"So what did they have you do all that time?\" \"Well,\" he said. \"I had to look a lot dumber than I actually am, and let them get away with things I normally wouldn't. A couple times, I did the whole bit with fanning him with a leaf and what have you...\" \"That explains a lot,\" I muttered. Leroy narrowed his eyes. \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I told him about the cartoon and the DVD's. \" Wow . That's kind of... creepy. \" I shrugged. \"If it's any consolation, it didn't last more than a couple seasons.\" \"Thank God for that!\" he laughed, slapping me on the back. \"Since you'll be working here for a year, you'll have plenty of time to tell me what you've been spying on.\" \"To tell you the truth, sir,\" I said. \"My recollection is very foggy. I haven't watched Heathcliff since I was a kid. I probably have all the details wrong. Oh. They did put it on cable once, but I can't even remember the funny joke they had on it.\" \"Well, maybe something will jog your memory. If you know something about me, you'd know that me and those cats have always had an uneasy relationship , to put it mildly.\" Glancing around, I suddenly noticed that there were strange ceremonial artifacts scattered here and there among the junk piles. A skull on a pike, a ceremonial candle holder, Skeletor's Havok Staff. I pointed to one of them, but Leroy only said, \"Your guess is as good as mine. This place probably would have been better off if you never bought that car.\" He led me across the junkyard to the trunk of a beat up 1976 El Dorado, flipping it open. \"After you.\" When I looked inside, I saw literally nothing, just a white blank space where something should have been. \"I don't understand,\" I said. \"It's Hammer Space,\" Leroy said. \"You're not supposed to understand. Jump in.\" \"What if that...erases me?\" \"It won't.\" He waved me on. \"I'm a noid! How do you know it won't hurt me?\" He had no answer for that. I stuck my leg through the open trunk, watching with relief as my foot continued to be my foot as it made contact with the white thing. \"It's okay. It's safe,\" he said. \"Lord knows I've been down there enough.\" I climbed lower and found myself dangling in what felt like zero gravity, or maybe a swimming pool. There was no bottom, nor anything I could grab or set my feet down upon. \"Just let go!\" Leroy said. \"It doesn't hurt.\" \"How will we get back out?\" I asked. \"Just find a hole. They're everywhere.\" Reluctantly, I did what he said, and found myself floating gently down onto a floor in a white void. The dog joined me. \"This is great,\" I said, unenthused. \"Where's all the hammers, guns and giant bananas?\" \"Just wait a few,\" he said. I did, and suddenly I see a gigantic warehouse rushing up around me in the style of that scene in The Matrix (or those countless similarly styled commercials for online discount retailers you see on TV) where the guy, in a white void, calls up a million digital gun racks or what have you. Hammerspace is filled with metal cages manned by octupi, genies, Cthulhu, primates, little green men, and other highly dexterous creatures. These cages are the size of semi trailers, filled with a ridiculous assortment of objects. The doodles inside these places would pick up things like a lit stick of dynamite, a puppy, or a puppy with a lit stick of dynamite in its mouth, shoving it through a hole in front of them, or place them in the palm of a reaching hand. Certain zones were separated out for seriousness, you know, guns and other weaponry for army guys and such. I couldn't quite tell which cage belonged to the heroine of Playstation's Fear Effect , but I imagined someone had to help her pull machine guns out of her bikini. Other cages, I supposed, were for the more lighthearted characters, for the cage partner would just grab something at random, like a horse or the magician's colored scarf gimmick, placing it into the hand. I saw the cross eyed octopus from the Cap'n Crunch commercials giggling as he shoved a stick of broccoli into a gorilla's palm. Running alongside all these sets of cages, I could see sets of conveyor belts. Groups of horned monkeys jumping from conveyor to conveyor, shoving things into cages, whether it be a set of keys or a huge yacht. A lot of it shouldn't have fit through the doors, but you know how cartoons always squeeze and squish things down to fit any size, all without breaking anything. Hearing a noise behind me, I looked back and saw Sneezer chomping a piece of cheese he swiped from a conveyor. I pretended he wasn't there. The cages went up several stories, with elevators and winch systems pulling supplies from the lower floors. I hoped to find the origin of all these bizarre and completely unrelated objects, but, alas, the bottommost conveyors were fed by giant glass tubes, which came out of the fog covered flooring I stood upon. \"I still have no clue,\" the dog said. \"Doodles have fanned the fog and felt around the floor, but the source is unreachable.\" \"It's probably alligators all the way down,\" I muttered. The tube swelled like a python, spitting out a tank. Those do pop out of Hammerspace from time to time. It seemed the most popular items were roaring lion heads, which a flying monkey puppeted through this hole or that, a demonic version of the stage magician's rabbit, or, most famously, a giant wooden hammer , though I'd personally describe them as mallets . Speaking of mallets, some items appeared to be so frequently used by characters that they were kept on a special rack, which their `caddy' or a machine would reach into to arm the unit's owner. Guns, whips, and in a couple cases, five kinds of cream pies, a bottle of seltzer water, and a China cup and saucer they probably used for a Harpo Marx routine. \"C'mon,\" Leroy muttered. \"If we hang around too much, we'll either get shoved out of someone's pocket or get roped into a shift change.\" \"Don't you mean `into someone's pocket'?\" \"No.\" He took a lit cigarette off a conveyor belt and puffed it. \"I wouldn't reach into your pockets, if I were you. You'll cause a recursion and mess up the whole system. I ruined a good hat and a pair of pants that way. For a whole week, I'd stick in a pair of mailbox keys and end up pulling out a can of spinach, a piece of Kryptonite, Aquaman's shark whistle, or a makeup kit.\" We walked down the rows of cages, watching, with growing disinterest, as many of the same items got recycled and shoved into various reaching hands. The dog led me through an Egyptian style arch to sort of department store full of nothing but various kinds of slave apparel. One section held rather raggedy things, to give the wearer that \"I just got kidnapped by an evil overlord and abused for ten years\" look. Ripped X-Men costumes, `distressed' jeans and shirts, worn out Planet of the Apes outfits. Another section held skimpy leather things, for those kind of slaves . A whole wall contained nothing but dog collars, manacles and chains. The instruments of abuse, such as whips and billy clubs, were all locked in a big glass cabinet, which you apparently only could access by flashing a slave master badge. They had togas, medieval serf outfits, woolly mammoth skins, Hebrew slave costumes (Egyptian outfits), and a section for scifi slaves (right behind the skimpy leather things, for some of them are in both categories). \"So where's your little bird friend?\" Sneezer asked. My shirt rustled for a moment, and I heard a voice singing, \"I hear you knocking, but you can't come in...\" \"I think he's just scared because-\" Suddenly Extra exploded from my clothes, batting my face with his wings, singing, \"Don't speak, I know what you're thinking...\" Instead of singing the rest, he dove back into my shirt. \"Sorry, Extra,\" I muttered. \"So what did they tell you to wear?\" Leroy asked. Not wanting to even say what it was, I lied and said, \"A Roman toga.\" Leroy stared at me. \"Really? Sounds like they let you off easy.\" \"I only played baseball,\" I said. Sneezer grinned. \"He's lying! They said French maid! \" Leroy chuckled, but didn't seem surprised. I glared at Sneezer in annoyance. I guess, though, I should have been grateful that he didn't say `Skimpy leather thing.' The dog led me over to a rack full of French maid outfits, handing one roughly my size. I frowned at the dress, the stockings, then glanced around at the walls covered in shackles, feather dusters and cleaning equipment. No bathrooms. \"I can't believe I'm saying this,\" I said as Scouter Drew. \"But where's the changing rooms?\" \"Just pull it down over your clothes,\" said Sneezer. \" Unless you're the rat . Then you can just take off whatever you want. I won't mind.\" He batted his eyes at me. \"I, uh, frequently change shape and turn human,\" I stammered. \"What will happen if I change while wearing it?\" \"I don't know,\" said Leroy. \"What happens to your clothing normally?\" \"It stays on whatever form I dress it with.\" As if to contradict me, my Scouter Drew form now wore a Def Leppard shirt in khakis. Being animated, the dress had no real zippers or buttons. It was just sort of a stretchy thing you pulled over your head. Once I had it on, it snapped to my body shape, concealing my t-shirt, making my jeans disappear. I probably looked like Webelos Woody raiding his sister's closet or something. \"If you want your old clothes back,\" Leroy said. \"Just step into a phone booth or a bathroom. Either that, or do a Sailor Moon type transformation montage, if you know how those work .\" I didn't laugh, or even stare at him. I didn't doubt it any more than I would doubt that the government charged you money for not having health insurance. \"Ugh,\" I groaned as Leroy handed me heels and stockings. \"No thanks. This is gay enough.\" \"You might change your mind when you look in the mirror,\" Leroy said. \"So I actually look that gay?\" \" No. Go check the mirror. You'll see what I'm talking about.\" I frowned. \"What's in the mirror?\" He led me to one adjacent to a rack full of slave melody songbooks, showing me my reflection. I had transformed into Tinkerbell's black haired wingless cousin. Petite, freckled pixie's face, frizzy hair tied up in a ponytail. I couldn't place who it was, but, minus the freckles, I resembled an actress I had seen in an old 1970's movie. Not a bad look, I dare to say even a bit sexy. I changed my mind about the heels and stockings. A second after I had cinched up the garters, a rat's tail burs out of the back of my skirt, my face elongating into a muzzle. My skin changed color (I guess I was too dainty for hairy pen lines), and I became French Maid Rat. Still kind of sexy. In fact, Sneezer was doing that shtick cartoons do when they get kissed by a supermodel, panting and melting into a puddle on the floor. I pretended like he wasn't there. Extra even popped out my top to whistle at me. I rolled my eyes. \"Oh please, Extra. It's just me.\" \"Yes, master, but still...\" He caught his faux pas a little too late. \"Oh shit.\" A second later, a woman's hand whipped out of my bodice, clamping its witch-like fingers around the little bird's body. \"Master, help!\" he screamed as the hand pulled him into my dress. \"Help!\" \"Oh no you don't!\" I yelled, grabbing hold of the wrist. That's when things got really weird. When the hand pulled Extra into my bodice, it pulled me in along with it. But wait. I was wearing the bodice! Such things, it seems, are not important to cartoons, for suddenly my arm turns taffy and goes all the way into my own dress. Then my hand defies all rules of anatomy and physiology by twisting my shoulder around , sucking it into a part of the dress that probably should be at least a little bit occupied by the same shoulder, and then my spine, which definitely should have been wearing the dress it was being pulled into. My legs disappeared into the bodice, then my arms and finally my head, my entire body whirling around and around like I were on an amusement park ride. Following this, I heard a loud pop, which, I believe, was me winking out of existence. For a moment, I felt sick, my body racked with agonizing pain, perhaps due to the fact I had turned real for a moment, but then I started thinking about that Bugs Bunny cartoon where the magician smacks him with a blackberry pie and Bugs sings that song about an \"angel in disguise\", and I start singing it, wondering what moldy 1920's artist came up with that number, which made me into a doodle again. My guess is that I would have been dead otherwise. I saw nothing but brilliant light for a few seconds, making me think I had died, but then I found myself slamming down on a stretch of pavement on a darkened street. An industrial district. On either side of me, I saw row upon row of shadowy factories, which puffed balls of exhaust out their smokestacks like snakes regurgitating bowling balls. Acme, it would appear, held a monopoly over the place. Sure there were a few other fictional product factories scattered here and there, but Acme dominated the landscape, and maybe even ran the other companies behind the scenes. The buildings were not just belching smoke balls, they were also routinely pumping hundreds of objects through sets of massive glass tubes. This place, it would appear, was the source of all the stuff in Hammerspace. Strangely, though, I also saw trucks moving around, perhaps to fill orders for Wiley Coyote. I lay sprawled on the painted concrete as a real human in cartoon drag, groaning got to my feet. I no longer held the witch hand, or the bird. I was afraid I'd lost Extra forever. I glanced up the street just in time to see a familiar looking figure in a cape stomping away from me in her noisy high heels. \"Master!\" I heard Extra yelling. \"Extra!\" I cried, running after him. I wasn't animated all the way, so I got winded. To make matters worse, I heard beeping behind me. Meep meep! At first, I thought it was the Roadrunner, because it made the same exact noise he always made on the cartoons. No. When I looked back, I saw a big delivery truck barreling straight towards me, the flat, undetailed, generic sort of truck they always show on cartoons. No identifiable make or model. I didn't have time to get away.[Chapter 40] I was non animated when the truck struck me. I thought for certain I had broken something. It hurt like hell. The physics of this little collision did not make sense, but you probably already guessed that. Instead of being flung a couple yards and flattened by the truck, I became a human cannonball, zooming through the air until I hit the glass window of a bottling company. I shot through it too fast to see much of the place, but it was basically a bunch of machinery pouring chemicals into other vats of chemicals, the absence of natural ingredients suggesting it was the Fanta company, maybe Vess. The background music was, of course, Powerhouse by Raymond Scott, played on an endless loop, just like any cartoon about a factory. I landed in a tank full of bubbly brown liquid, wherein I was bent, spindled, folded and mutilated by stirring arms, compressors, and a host of other machinery. I must have gone animated at some point, for my skeleton certainly wouldn't have survived the Taffy Puller, the Squisher, and other unpleasantries. I found myself being poured into a bottle stoppered with an impossibly tight cap. Again, no human skeleton would have survived. A mechanical arm slapped a Coo-Coo Cola label on my bottle, and I got shuffled down a conveyor belt. I tried to scream, but, of course, I was bottled. Realistically, I should have suffocated, but I was a doodle. The music kept looping. Up ahead, I could see the machines that would package me and other bottles and take me away to be distributed somewhere. I didn't want to find out where. I guess if I hadn't killed the Rescue Rangers, they might have rescued me. I did the only thing I could think of. I shifted my weight back and forth until the bottle rocked and toppled off the conveyor belt. I hit the concrete floor with a tremendous smash, glass scattering everywhere. To my chagrin, my body still retained a bottle shape. I waddled awkwardly across the floor on one hand and one foot, rolling my cylindrical body sideways just in time to avoid an overzealous mechanical hand, and a generic Little Red Riding Hood with a broom. The factory crawled with generic fairy tale characters and robots. I saw at least three versions of Pinocchio, the Three Little Pigs, and Goldilocks, basically anything fairy tale related that wasn't Disney, except possibly the Little Mermaid, because she commits suicide in the non-Disney version. I rolled under a big square machine to hide from Mama Bear, falling through a crack and dropping down a diagonal slot in some machine or another, rolling at high speed through another crack, until I landed in an underground prison, a row of small metal cells, about the size of the kennels they make for large dogs. Most of them contained unfamiliar cartoon characters, and suspicious ones at that. In fact, one of them was an ape Amanda infected with leprosy. I didn't want to know what was going on in there, and I didn't care. I shook myself several times, like my limbs had merely fallen asleep, and somehow I regained my human form with a loud pop. I did a double take. Not all the prisoners were doodles. In the cage directly ahead of me I saw another noid, a man with a long nose, large ears, and short dark hair, a perpetual smirk on the corner of his face. He had on one of those baggy shirts that he always seemed to be wearing in the movies. I'm standing in front of a celebrity, dressed as a French maid. Not a total loss, really. In my opinion, the guy's films were hit or miss. I recalled several parts of his movies in which I would just stare at the screen instead of laughing. In fact, when I watched Eight Crazy Nights , I wanted to get my money back. \" Chocolate wasted ,\" I said. \"Nice outfit,\" he replied with a grin. I rolled my eyes. \"Shut up.\" \"Look,\" he said. \"As you probably have guessed, I'm Adam Sandler , and they need me back at the studio . You've got to get me out of here!\" \"They don't really need you at that studio,\" I said. \"They might want you there, but I don't . In fact, I think you should probably stay here , until you can figure out how to act .\" \"That was cold ,\" said Weird Al Yankovic, also a prisoner. I didn't feel like rescuing that man, either. I figured a forced retirement would be good for him, especially in light of his performance on Galavant ...and his lame Offspring parody. Fearful of being captured and forced to endure the two of them singing a duet with Sandler's perverted lyrics, I hurried to the staircase at the end of the prison. \"That's right!\" I heard Sandler yelling. \"Go, fairy! We don't need your help!\" \" Actually ,\" said Al. \"We really do kind of need your help! You see, there's a key in the office upstairs ...\" Instead of listening to the rest, I whistled Peter and the Wolf , marching up to the next floor landing. Amanda was right. This kind of failure was a turn on. A getting ripped off by my own tax office turn on. I found a fire exit, which, pleasantly enough, did not feature any puns, or alarms. Enough screwing around. Extra needed help! I shoved the door open, dashing down a fire escape. Okay, so I had been delayed, and had no idea where to go. Yes, I knew the place was called C.C. Knickknocker, but it would take awhile to find it, by which time someone would be grinding Extra's beak down to nothing. I jumped from the fire escape to an alleyway between the an employee smoking area and...Acme Anvils, judging by the traditional Anvil Chorus clanging out the open window. Next to a dumpster, was a fenced in `butt hut' where Generic Sleeping Beauty and a dwarf puffed cigarettes, complaining about unreasonable metric quotas and manager Pinocchio's nose getting longer every day. I hurried down a parking lot to a street where cars would probably hit me the moment I set foot on the pavement. It seemed Extra was in the habit of selective molting, for he had left a trail feathers. It could have been a different bird, but I felt fairly certain that any bird in the vicinity would be going to the same place, wherever it was, as long as I didn't anger the gods of irony by verbalizing this reasoning. The gold feathers were easy to spot on the dark pavement. I hugged the curbs of the factories I passed, making a supreme effort to avoid trucks and the street at all costs as I followed the trail. I thought I was doing okay until Big Bird tried to cross the street and a truck hit him. Gold feathers everywhere. The gods of irony had struck. For a moment, I lost hope. But then, as I sunk into despair, I a gray object came flying at me. Well, not really flying. Gliding . It looked very tired . A shriveled gray bird with a white mustache and no beak had bumped into my stomach. I caught it just a moment before it fell to the ground. It climbed up my dress, nuzzling against my neck. \"Whoa. Hello?\" I said. \"Are you the one who weeps for birds?\" the creature whispered in my ear. \"On occasion,\" I muttered. \"Have you seen a big golden bird?\" Then, remembering the recent hit and run, I added, \"Answers to the name Extra?\" \"You named my son! \" No Beak cried. \"Uh, sorry,\" I said. \"I didn't know you guys already-\" \"No, no,\" he said. \"I am grateful. Which is why you must rescue him. You have A Listed him. He does not deserve to suffer in that sweat shop among the unknowns.\" \"If what I heard is true, no bird deserves to work in that place. Where is this sweat shop, Mack Daddy ?\" \"So now you name me ,\" the creature chuckled. \"You and Extra are family. I just thought I should. I know it's kind of lame, but it's kind of a spur of the moment thing.\" \"It is a great name.\" He pointed his wing ahead. \"Keep going straight. I'll tell you where to turn.\" A few blocks later, I found it. It looked like a saw mill. Giant logs rolled in from a river into a massive square building that continually belched smoke and sawdust. The rear of the building didn't have a sign, but an immense wooden kookoo rotated endlessly on the roof, its wraparound logo reading `CCKK'. As an animated little kid in drag, I marched up to that rear door with my fists clenched. It was locked, of course. Conveniently, it opened with a button code, a combination of tones (which Mack Daddy provided) that sounded like Grandfather's Clock by Hank Snow. \"Ninety years without slumbering, tick tock...\" I slipped through the newly opened door. Mack Daddy took one look around, then dove into my bodice to hide. To my surprise, I didn't hear Powerhouse . Instead, the ambient music was Circle of Life , though it appeared to be more for the purpose of torture than theme music. Scratch that. It was always for the purposes of torture. This is generally how the assembly process went: Giant logs dropped into a machine, then spun around in a giant lathe, which shaved the logs down to smaller logs by means of a dozen woodpeckers clamped to machine arms. These smaller logs were then sliced into blocks using a large saw, made of woodpeckers clamped to a spinning wheel with their heads and beaks pointed outwards. Someone had braced their little necks and bodies so they couldn't move an inch, except to saw. The smaller blocks rolled down the various rows of conveyors, where birds, with their feet in chains, would chisel out wooden objects with their beaks. Kookoo clocks, table legs, bowling pins, chairs. I even saw an assembly line for baseball bats, where, I presumed, Extra's aunt was imprisoned. As I crept over that way, Mack Daddy chirped like a regular bird, and another gray bird, one with a dull but somewhat intact beak, shook her head violently, hissing, \"You should not be here! Go!\" And then a machine pressed her beak into a block of wood, shaving it down into a bat. I heard one of the birds musically call out, \"Ooooohhh!\" A bird on the Kookoo line cried, \"I...was...!\" \"...Slippin' into darkness!\" sang a bird working the bowling pins. All the birds performed Slipping Into Darkness by War. \"They do that,\" Mack Daddy whispered. \"It's all they can do to stay sane.\" \"Where's Extra?\" I said. Mack Daddy pointed to a corner of the factory, where a gang of chained bluebirds, and baby bluebirds , pecked small blocks of wood into toothpicks. A group of ugly looking goblin slavemasters guarded the birds. Tall, warty sorts of creatures that reminded me of the basketballer villains from Space Jams . I surveyed the scene, checking for exits, and ways to overpower the guards. Faceless blue men clad from head to foot in blue patrolled the factory. From a glance at their heads, I couldn't tell if they could see me or anything, but then again, I couldn't tell what they couldn't see . I wandered around, they appeared to just ignore me. A couple would march around a corner to observe, or not observe me. I asked Mack Daddy about it, but he just shushed me. My hopes of a rescue were dashed when I felt a tap on my shoulder. When I turned around, I saw Miss Terious, her butler (currently wearing a tutu), and a gang of blue men. \"Mmyes?\" said Sleez. \"What are you doing in my factory?\" the woman demanded. \"Quality control,\" I blurted. \"These... floors are very dusty.\" \"I'll tell the janitor,\" she said indifferently. And then, with a false pout, \"You're not here because of some poor little birdies , are you?\" \" Oh no !\" I said in a facetious tone. \"I was just wondering why you didn't use more child labor ...\" She tapped her chin, looking thoughtful. \"Why indeed!\" She took a notepad out of her exoskeleton bikini, jotting down the idea. \"Look. This is a great evil business and all, but you took my friend prisoner and I'm going to have to ask you to give him back.\" She frowned. \"I have to admit you A Listed him, but you're a half doodle, so I'm going to have to ask you to leave.\" If that wasn't bad enough, she quickly added, \"Oh, and you're going to have to give that old mustached thing back. We don't have any use for him, but he knows the code to the door.\" \"Due to the inconvenience to myself, I wasn't going to bring up this point,\" I said. \"But have you thought about simply changing the code? I mean, I know the code too. I could just take Mac Daddy home, to a nice bird shelter...\" \"You're right.\" She nodded to the goblins. \"Kill them both.\" In real life, they probably would have just shot me and saved time. Instead, I get chained to a log next to No Beak, and guess what? The log was on a track ending in an actual non bird powered circular saw that could more than likely slice me in half along with the log I'm chained to. The saw started up, the blade moving closer and closer to my head as it ripped through the pared down tree. All of a sudden, I heard a weird noise: \"Who-oo-oo!\" A puff of smoke exploded near the roof of the warehouse, and then a `twip' sound as something hit a wall, clattered uselessly to the floor, and whipped back to the roof again. This happened two more times, then I saw a cable embed itself in a nearby pipe, spraying water all over the floor. After another \"Who-hoo-oo\" I saw her: Owl Woman! A woman in a bird costume. Apparently modeled after a barn owl , her suit was feathery like a Mardi Gras costume, with charcoal leggings and Tabi boots with grappling hook claws. She had a giant O on her chest. The mask looked ridiculous. Giant ringed eyes, a gray nose appliance and an open lower face like a Bat Suit. Like Batman, she used the cable as a zip cord to cross the room quickly. Unlike Batman, the handlebar thingy broke off in her hands at the halfway point, wherein she fell screaming to the floor. A moment later, she was trussed up on the log below my feet, ready to be sawn in half along with me. Craning my neck, I looked down at the figure in gray, with her ridiculous plastic bird beak and said, \"My hero.\" Owl Woman just glared. \"Shut up.\"[Chapter 41] Miss Terious and her butler disappeared into the upstairs office, leaving me to my fate. I glanced down at my feet. \" Margaret Shusher .\" \"Yes?\" Owl Woman blurted, then, catching her own mistake, pretended like she hadn't said it. \"That name sounds... oddly familiar . It puzzles me why you would mention such a name in my presence...\" She trailed off. The saw kept coming closer. \"Unless?\" I prompted. \"Unless you happen to be a patron of the Cool World Cedar Roe Library.\" \"What?\" I said. \"People do say my voice sounds a lot like Shusher's. But you needn't be confused. I and Shusher are merely friends , and sometimes when two friends hang out together for a long time, they start to sound alike.\" I sighed impatiently, annoyed with the little charade. \"Look, Margie . I know who you are. My dad bought your lemon of a minivan and your name badge was in the back seat. I don't need to be a genius to figure out who you are.\" \"Lemon!\" she shouted. \"My Owlmobile has a mobile surveillance center! It has wings and jet engines !\" \"So do some versions of the Batmobile. But those actually go back in, or stay out so you can actually use them! Plus your car is a minivan! What, are you Bat Soccer Mom ?\" It appeared I struck I nerve. She fell silent for a moment. \"But yeah,\" I continued. \"I figured it out. You're as convincing as Superman putting on glasses and pretending to be Clark Kent.\" \"Oh God!\" she cried. \"I promised him I wouldn't tell anyone! I promised !\" \"What?\" \"Superman told me to never divulge his secret identity.\" I shook my head. \"Relax, lady. That cat got out of the bag a long time ago. My point is, he's not fooling anyone, and neither are you. Now, do you have some sort of Owl Boomerang, or an Owl Saw or something to get us out of these chains?\" \"No,\" she said. \"But those do sound like very good ideas .\" I groaned. \"Then what do you have?\" \"The love of reading?\" \"That's not going to help,\" I said. \"What do you mean, it's not going to help! Why, with a little research-\" \"I mean, it won't do us any good right now . For starters, you should have researched the building before busting in here.\" She sighed. \"I have a Fine Gun.\" I'm sure there's a great pun in there somewhere, but I just said, \"As in library fines?\" \"Yes. According to my records, Miss Terious checked out a copy of Green Eggs and Ham seventeen years ago, and still hasn't returned it. She also dog eared a copy of The Five Hundred Hats of Bartholomew Cubbins, and then there's the audiobook of Sense and Sensibility... I rolled my eyes. \"Is that why you're here?\" \"Why else? I wouldn't break into a heavily guarded facility like this just to save your sorry posterior!\" \"Look,\" I sighed. \"Just...figure something out so we don't end up... bisected. \" \"Impressive! I had no idea you were capable of such vocabulary!\" \"Could you please impress me and find us a way out of here?\" She did not. So. Chained to a log, about to be sliced in half, to the tune of that shitty song from The Lion King . I was pretty well done for. I wasn't animated at the moment, so I couldn't, I don't know, stretch my arms around the log , or whip my hands out of the cuff to pick my nose , or whatever Roger Rabbit would do to free his hands in this situation. I tried to sing myself into a doodle, but the first things that came to mind were Paint It Black, Don't Fear the Reaper, and Don't Pay the Ferryman. And then, everything stopped. The conveyor, the birds, everything. The lights went down, and a bunch of disco lights came on. A familiar looking warthog and meerkat appeared on top of one of the machines, armed with microphones. An orchestra started up, and they sang this song: \"If you really love your work, you'll make a better world The money will keep rolling in, your plans will all unfurl So everyone, be optimists, keep smiling at your desk `Cause if you keep on smiling, your ship will come in next...\" And so on. I know, typical Disney musical. The machinery started back up, the birds doing their assigned tasks to the music. Blue men hid the chains holding the birds down, others disguising the bird saws. A second later, the office door came open. \"Everyone look lively!\" Pumbaa barked. \"The next bird with a frowning face will be in the discard oven!\" And then he sang, \"Keep trying, keep trying, it doesn't matter who you know, just keep on working really hard and the streets will flow with gold. My pocketbook will overflow if you believe this song, so everyone be optimists, now come on sing along...\" And so on. Disney musicals. They're all the same. I saw a pair of slender legs stepping out the office door, and then, there she was . I thought for a moment she was your regular she-villain, like Harley Quinn or Emma Frost. She was animated, she had on a cape with a skull brooch, black bikini, elbow length gloves, and boots that cinched way above the knees. But then her body flickered, and I saw a human standing there. When I remembered Dane's drawing, I suddenly put two and two together. \"Jessica!\" I yelled. \"Jessica!\" For a couple minutes, she just ignored me. Miss Terious was giving them a tour of the facility, and they were fascinated . I was glad I was in a Slow Moving Death Trap. I probably would have been dead otherwise. Mr. Eyepatch Guy was with the girl, of course, walking around with a baby carrier strapped over his stomach. The baby looked human. Ish. It was rather disturbing, actually. Although non-animated, the infant had long floppy ears, like (presumably) the father. It had a muzzle, and its eyes didn't look right for a human baby, more rounded and golf ball like. It was like a cartoon character covered in human flesh. Remember that scene in the Twilight Zone movie where the boy makes his cartoon characters turn real in a grotesque and disturbing sort of way? It was kind of like someone had sex with that and had a baby. I didn't have the luxury of mocking at the moment. All I could do was yell and hope Jessica heard me. \"Chad!\" I suddenly heard Owl Woman yelling. I stared down at her. \"You know that guy?\" \"I...\" she stammered. \"Let's just say I do, and leave it at that.\" \"Fine by me,\" I said with a shrug, and we yelled the two over to us. The spinning saw blade now came within a foot of my head. Jessica spun around, her mouth falling open in shock. \" Drew? \" \"Yeah! A little help, please?\" \"Drew!\" she laughed. She marched closer, but didn't lift a finger to help. \"What are you doing here?\" \"It's a long story and I'm short on time!\" I nodded to the saw. \"Chad?\" Ms. Shusher said. The kangaroo looked horrified. \"Owl Woman! What have they done to you?\" \"Shut up and help us!\" I and Owl Woman yelled in unison. Jessica grabbed a lever and pulled. It was the wrong lever. The blade sounded angry now. \"No no!\" I shouted. \"Shut it off!\" I swear I could feel the blade brushing air particles next to my scalp. As Jessica peered at the controls, the log rolled closer to the blade. I felt the blade tugging at my hair. She slammed her palm down on a large button. The saw blade stopped with a noisy alarm bell. I and Owl Woman sighed in relief. \"Turn that back on!\" Miss Terious shouted. \"They're saboteurs!\" Jessica crossed her arms. \"If they are, they're very stupid ones.\" \"Hey!\" I cried. Ignoring me, Jessica continued. \"I doubt very seriously that Mr. Deebes can sabotage anything. Even with Moth Woman here, I can't imagine it happening.\" \"Moth Woman!\" Shusher cried indignantly. Miss Terious sighed. \"I suppose you're right...\" She clapped her hands, and a group of blue goons unshackled us. The moment he was free, Mack Daddy dove into my dress and hid there. I climbed down, staring at Jessica. \"So...I guess...you and Mr. Eyepatch...\" She nodded. \"It was awesome .\" Feeling slightly ill, I frowned at the baby. \" I see. \" Of course, then I flickered and turned into the little red tin can robot from Ulysses 39 . \"Who did you sleep with?\" she asked with a giggle. \"Please don't say Rosie the Robot.\" \"My sister,\" I muttered. \" Half sister , to be precise.\" She burst out laughing. \"So...uh...\" Cool World's official historian and researcher had to stop and figure that one out. \"So your dad...slept with...\" \" Holli Would ,\" I said. \" She used to be completely animated. Getting the picture?\" She furrowed her brow for a moment, then smacked the side of her head. \"Of course! That makes perfect sense!\" Then she looked confused again. \"Did you... not know she was your sister, or did you know she was and slept with her anyway? \" \"I seriously didn't know,\" I said. \"Now, I think I should probably make a graceful exit before...\" I glanced at Extra apologetically. Owl Woman looked down at Chad's baby carrier and smiled. \"You have a very beautiful baby.\" \"Thank you,\" said Jessica. \"I made it myself.\" \"Si,\" Chad said. \"Thank you.\" Owl Woman sighed, looking into his eyes. \"I just want to know something. Do you love her? Is this something long term?\" Chad frowned. \"Why is this any concern of yours?\" Shusher put a hand on her feathery hip. \" I think you know why this is my concern. \" The kangaroo looked like he were concentrating really hard. \"Because... you're a superhero. \" \"No, Chad,\" she said. \" Try again. \" He still had that stupid look on his face. Jessica was covering her mouth, suppressing a giggle. \"You...\" Chad's eyes darted back and forth. \"No. This is not possible. You are a strange superhero and you help me more than others, but... no . I cannot...no. I...\" Owl Woman shook her head sadly. Then, after gazing at him a moment, she said, \"You look just like your father when he was your age.\" \"But!\" Chad stammered. He let out nonsense syllables. Jessica shook the superhero's hand. \"Nice to meet you, Owl Woman . I-\" She fought down another giggle. \"Ahem. Maybe we can have a baby shower at the Owl Cave or something.\" \"It's called The Roost ,\" Owl Woman corrected. \"But yes, I'd like that. We have a lot of catching up to do. A lot of... explaining. \" Jessica chuckled. \"You want to set a date, or do you want to give me an invitation by Owl Batarang?\" Owl Woman frowned at Miss Terious. \"I'll let you know. Too much has been said here already.\" \"Can I come to the baby shower too?\" Miss Terious asked. \"I love baby showers.\" We just stared at her. \" Drew, \" Jessica said. \"Have you been in the real world any?\" I shrugged. \"A little. Why?\" \"Is my car still at the hotel?\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"I even filled it up for you.\" She smiled. \"Thanks. Did you move anything around at all?\" \"I put some of your stuff in my apartment. Let me know when you want it. I'll get you the keys.\" I dug in my pocket. \"Speaking of which...\" Instead of the keys, I pulled out a banana. Frowning in dismay, I threw it aside and found myself pulling out all sorts of junk. A multicolored scarf, a sonic screwdriver, then a mallet with a really really long handle. \"I put your keys in my pocket. They've got to be in here somewhere!\" She sighed and shook her head. \"God. Forget it. I'll go to my apartment and get a spare or something.\" \"I can't help it. I went through Hammerspace and I was trying to grab my bird, which incidentally is over there making toothpicks .\" I pointed that way. \"I guess that somehow messed everything up.\" Then I eyed her in puzzlement. \"Wait. How did you get here?\" \"Chad drove me.\" She said it like this were as easy as a trip to the grocery store. That didn't make sense to me, but nothing in Cool World did. I turned human for a moment, with human clothing. Thankfully, I could at last find the keys. She took them with a curt nod. I stared at the kid in the carrier. \"That baby isn't...animated.\" Jessica nodded. \"So?\" \"So...\" I said. \"He's clearly...not one hundred percent human. How is that even possible?\" She gave me a smile. \" Magic. \" \"Can you use... your magic to fix me ?\" \"Sorry,\" she said, flashing animated. \"You think if I could, I'd still be doing this ?\" I didn't reply. She must have noticed my facial expression, for then she said, \"Don't get me wrong. Being a doodle is great. It's the turning back into a regular noid that pisses me off. If I knew how to do it, I would make myself completely animated by now.\" \"Have you tried asking a doodle to push you off a roof?\" Hey, I was being helpful. She gave me a solemn nod. \"Yes. But I somehow think there's a better way.\" \"Well, I'm also working on a cure,\" I said. \"When I find something, I'll let you know.\" A blue man marched up to Owl Woman with a CD, a copy of Bartholomew Cubbins , and a wad of money. \"I believe you were looking for these?\" Miss Terious said. The superhero took them with a nod. \"Our records still indicate you have not returned Green Eggs and Ham .\" Miss Terious rolled her eyes. \"I was opening a portal to the Shadow Realm and it fell into the Swamp of Lost Souls.\" \"There's a replacement fee for lost or stolen books.\" The blue guy handed her about six dollars. \"There is also interest associated with the non-return. It has been gone from our shelves for a number of years...\" The faceless man dug in his blue pocket, handing her a wad of cash. \"Thank you for your patronage.\" Owl Woman threw a canister of something on the floor, but all it did was make a little fog that barely obscured the ankles of her orange bird boots. Looking embarrassed, she spun and marched out the back door. \"Why are you wearing a dress?\" Jessica asked me. \"It seemed like the thing to do.\" She chuckled. I turned to face Miss Terious. \"How do I get out of here?\" \"Right this way.\" She lead us up the flight of steps to the office. Extra's eyes turned doe-like and brimmed with tears as I departed, but there wasn't much I could do. We entered a control room full of buttons, lights and switches, all apparently for monitoring and controlling poor little birds. The place reminded me of what they used to have in the control board at hydroelectric dams, except they had some computers set aside for more nonstandard functions, like selecting targets for atomic destruction , and popping kettle corn with just the slightest hint of bacon flavoring. For some strange reason, the popcorn device worried me more than the atomic warheads. \"What are you doing in this factory?\" Jessica asked me. \"I was trying to save Extra. He's my bird. Actually, he used to be your bird , until, uh...well... they don't like your boyfriend. \" \"What's so bad about this place? The birds seem happy here.\" \"They are happy.\" Miss Terious pointed to a pair making clocks in the floor below. \"See?\" On cue, the birds turned and smiled, looking like the happiest fowl this side of Snow White . Jessica apparently failed to notice the withering glare Miss Terious had given the birds, for she only gave the villainness a smirk. I frowned. \"I can't talk about it here.\" \"Then I'm sure you can discuss that matter at a later time,\" Miss Terious said. \"Now, assuming that you do not wish to be confused with a saboteur , I will have my guards escort you out the front entrance.\" Jessica gave me a wink. \"Bye, Drew.\" I didn't know what that wink meant, but I decided it best not to assume she was `open for business', so to speak. I let the basketball goblins lead me through a door, into a warehouse full of...you can probably guess. Those poor overworked birds. Past that room was an actual store that sold the items. The goons threw me to the floor, then, as they had slid aside a wall to get me into the shop, slid the wall back in place, a wall, which, from my vantage point, looked like nothing but a painting of a dozen kookoo clocks. For shopkeeps, the place had a kindly looking old Geppetto, and that weird half human sheepdog thing from The Black Cauldron . I wouldn't have been surprised if the two had mustache growing contests when they thought no one was looking. At any rate, the two did not seem not terribly surprised to see me enter the store via a secret entrance, so I doubted they would be of any help. I brushed myself off and marched outside. CC KnickKnocker, I discovered, stood across the street from a very familiar looking pizza place and Al's Vegetarian Poodle Clipping. I stepped out on the sidewalk, wary of crossing the street, seemingly empty at the moment. A Cadillac had been parked in front of the store, but it was not the Cat-Illac , so I decided to leave it alone. This was Cool World, not Grand Theft Auto . I needed to get help, but I didn't know where to go. Some tough hero type who was sympathetic to my cause, and not a wimp like Owl Woman. But what kind of tough hero would care about little birdies in a factory? I wandered up the sidewalk, staring in the dress shop, the deli... The sidewalk stopped at an intersection. I ran like hell to cross it, nearly getting creamed by a delivery truck. I glanced at the shop windows. Acme. A bookstore, one full of puns. Two more Acme stores. For a company notorious for making shoddy goods, they sure had real estate. I found the police station a block down. The moment I stepped through the door, a dozen cartoon cops pulled their guns on me. Someone said something, and they all put them down again, except for Cartoon Dirty Harry, who kept asking me if I felt lucky, and when I said no, he would pull out a different gun and ask me again. \"How about now?\" I asked for Officer Harris at the front desk. The hippo sighed. \"Just a moment.\" \"Harris,\" she said into the switchboard phone. \"The Deebes guy wants to speak to you.\" A second later, Harris's spider pal stood in front of me, chomping his cigar back and forth in his mouth. \"Boss says to take you upstairs. You must be a glutton for punishment. \" He led me into the elevator, the same one we had previously taken to the jail, except now we were traveling upwards. \"In case you're wondering,\" the spider said. \"When we found out you were only sleeping with your sister, the charges against you were dropped. That's the only reason why you're not rotting in a jail cell right now.\" He paused. \"Anything more about the Spike of Power?\" \"No,\" I said. \"Holli drained some juice off it, but left it where it was.\" The spider sighed in relief. \"Last time was horrible . I'd prefer not repeat that ever again.\" \"What's your name again?\" I asked. \"Nails. Why?\" \"Nothing,\" I said. \"We just seem to keep running into each other, so I thought I'd ask.\" The trenchcoat wearing orange cat from Last Action Hero joined us again, but he seemed more interested in picking his boogers and eating them than talking to us. The elevator opened, and I was led down a spartan looking hallway lined with offices. I saw names on the door plaques, but the only one that I recognized was Commissioner Gordon, and he was out at the moment. I couldn't see through the frosted glass, so I couldn't tell who anyone else was. Harris's office lay at the end of the hall. The room was rather up-to-date and sophisticated, with a 1930's twist, like the Batcave combined with a PI's office from a Raymond Chandler novel. The big antique desk had a computer and telecom systems on it, the gun locker had an electronic security system, and there was an elaborate surveillance system hummed next to the rusty old file cabinet in the back corner. I stared at the framed pictures on the desk, a black haired cartoon woman and two children. They owned a dog, sort of a simplified imitation of that sheepdog from Disney's Little Mermaid . The officer reclined in a posh swivel chair, smoking a cigarette. The old ceiling fan creaked noisily above our heads. Noting my manner of dress, Harris said, \"Great! You know, I was just thinking this place needed some spit and polish. You can start in the corner with the plant and the filing cabinet.\" I frowned at the philodendron. \" Funny. \" \"So,\" he said. \"To what do I owe this great honor? Want official permission to sleep with someone else? The answer, of course, is no .\" I frowned at him. \"What do you know about CC Knickknocker?\" Harris shrugged, pointing to a clock. \"Damn fine workmanship if you ask me.\" I told him about the birds. The animal cruelty. Everything. He just silently puffed his cigarette. \" Deebes . Would you listen to yourself? This whole place is filled with animal cruelty. You can't even walk outside without seeing a cat getting blown up, or stabbed, or beaten with a club. If I go and arrest the people at Knickknockers, I'd have to arrest everyone in town! \"Take my advice, Deebes. Go back to your sister and find another birdie. You're out of your depth.\" I half expected Mack Daddy to fly at Harris and pound some sense into him, but when he popped out of my dress, he only drooped like a beaten plug horse. \"Why did I even bother,\" I said. \"You're still an asshole.\" Harris tapped is cigarette into an ashtray, took another drag. \"Ditto.\"[Chapter 42] JESSICA [0000] The animated newspaper article about the `incident' at Vlasic Baby Farms is hilarious. I'd tell you about that first, but it wouldn't make any sense to you, my reader, who is not currently inhabiting Cool World. Okay, so this is what happened: I saw how easy it was for people to slap together a doodle, combining their `genetics' (probably artistic styles or something rather than literal DNA), so I put together a few creations of my own. You see, a koala had already finished with replicating my ovaries and DNA, so I tied him to a chair and duct taped his mouth as I... replicated a little more . Pixar is crap anyway, so I dumped the entire digital vat, substituting mine in its place. The koala yelled something through his gag, squirming like he were having a fit, so I shoved him in a closet. It seemed that even koalas and superhero space aliens were Jewish, for the staff had been pared down to a skeleton crew. For this reason, nobody came to stop me. Well, that and the fact I wore my bird disguise. The lab assistants pretty much ignored me while I had it on. I don't think any of them ever considered the possibility of espionage before. Their computer system looked like something out of a spy movie, with a giant world map (probably for deliveries), closed circuit televisions that monitored every plot of the baby farm and every room in the building, and a set of complicated looking but simple to operate keyboard controls. A couple pokes, and I had everything figured out. Baby Number One was a cinch. I just pulled out Chad's profile and stuck my genetics into it. A second later, the machine was spitting out seeds. I saw where the usual seeds went, and wasn't too happy about sticking my baby in such a lowly demeaning location (at least, not my first one), so I actually yanked a potted office plant out of its dirt and stuck my seed in there, making sure to give it a thorough watering. I thought about peeing on it, since that's what people do in Xanth novels, but I didn't see any ammonia sprayers outside, so I decided that wasn't what you did with those. Oh, and I found an amazing electronic drawing pad that allows you to `ad-lib' some details on a new doodle baby, even details that won't develop until they become adult, or their permanent fixed age, whichever comes first. I spent...maybe too much time on that one. There were way too many possibilities for customization. And then, well, I searched the system for any pending Pixar type digital characters and shuffled them forward into the `seed planting queue,' naturally replacing their electronic cells with Jessica Cells first. Again, this was not difficult, for the majority of the operations resemble a child's toy computer from the 1980's (all flash and no substance), or one of those video games where you try to make food and special items (where supplies are the primary focus, rather than process elements like cooking time, temperature and skill). They basically ran on sorcery and wishful thinking. Maybe there is something to that hackneyed phrase \"Disney magic\". They never showed me the process of planting and seed distribution, but it did not require a degree in biology, chemistry, or agriculture. I'm also certain that machines like the Qizwori Auto Seeder would not be practical in reality, due to the tremendous potential for energy loss and disproportionately large kinetic output. Here's what happens: The lab machine produces a seed. The seed is placed on a small conveyor belt with other seeds, at which point a computerized machine sorts them all out like pills in a pharmaceutical company. So much for the creative process. The pills go through small transparent tubes that feed into various regions of the `farm,' dropping into a machine that combines functions of a crop irrigator with a posthole digger and maybe a roto tiller, planting the seeds in open areas of soil, row by row. The machine vaporizes predatory crows and other small animals that wish to attack the cabbage with a laser beam. It also `rotates' the crop, literally. You'd think planting some pickles in a few areas would enrich the soil for the next baby bumper crop, but it's a cartoon world, so I guess they don't have to worry about nutrient depletion. An actual crop irrigator waters them on a schedule, peppering them with various chemicals, growth agents, mutagens and steroids (I saw the control board for that, but I figured \"If it ain't broke, don't fix it,\" so I left it alone). After watering, the plants are subjected to a variety of `rays', depending on what is scheduled for that region on that day, apparently on a rotation. One zone got concentrated moonlight, or sunlight from Funshine Bear, or cosmic rays, maybe even alien rays, by means of a sort of telescope that beamed concentrated space energy onto the patch. As I watched the computer, I already saw a cluster of red dots appearing in a zone labeled `Dog Patch', and a dot matrix printer barfed out stacks of papers telling someone which plant needed to be retrieved where. I spotted several zones I didn't especially care for. The Pixar zone, especially the one with talking inanimate objects (i.e. Cars, Planes, Toy Stories , and, about to hit theaters next month, talking plumbing equipment . I kid you not. Through a bank of CCTV monitors, I could see every plot of land. It was daylight outside, which confused me, because all the clocks in the factory said midnight, and the building was mostly quiet and dark. Each tract of land looked identical, row upon row of cabbages, where you couldn't even see what lay beneath the leaves. It was Chad that discovered the red plastic boxes. You know how, in all those action movies, the vehicles and atomic weapons always have some spot on the console where there's a little red plastic cover you flip back to reveal the seat ejector or the rocket launcher? Vlasic had \"E-Raze\" buttons. It was kind of like Battleship. You just picked A-12 and flipped the corresponding switch. In case you're wondering, A-12 was actually the zone for Cars and Timmy the Toilet . Okay, so they were doodles, and they were digital, so I didn't feel quite so bad about wiping out a few dozen of them as I could have about real babies. In fact, I even giggled a little when I flipped the switch and saw all the lights in that zone go out. A loud robotic voice said, \"E-Razing Sector A-12,\" and a weird thrumming sound echoed all over the plant. \"Oops!\" A security camera showed the result: One of those spaceships from the 1953 version of War of the Worlds suddenly dropped out of the sky, blasting the patch to blackened stubble. It seems, in Cool World, they do everything with style. The machine laid down sod like a roll of carpet, and I got prompted to assign a new designation for that region. I could have gotten really clever and creative. I really, really wanted to. But I knew that the flying lamp ships would be back for my seed if I named it anything other than `Pixar - Inanimate.' I only eliminated the digital stuff. It was harder to figure out where the cousins of Spongebob, Dexter's Lab, or Fairly Oddparents were located, so I left them alone. Chad grabbed our potted baby, and we hurried out to the production floor. We stopped there for a moment, because I had very carefully selected a bunch of baby doodles I wanted to destroy. After searching around the premises for a few moments, I found a disposal chute, and we rolled the heavy cart up to it, dumping its contents by means of a metal slot you opened from the bottom. As I peered down the chute, trying to see whether it contained an incinerator or a garbage disposal, I heard Chad saying, \"I think Nurse Cupcake is trying to get out.\" \"So?\" I said. \"She's probably been doing that for about ten to twenty minutes, maybe less, depending on whenever she got sick of peeing herself and giving herself spankings.\" He gulped. \"Does it trouble you that she has a saw?\" I frowned when I saw a blade slowly grinding through the Board of Directors. So. Just run out the front door. Easy, right?\" Not quite. You see, when I had turned all the clocks ahead in the factory, logically it only affected the factory, and maybe buildings connected to the factory, like, say, the synagogue . Someone somewhere along the line must have said, \"You know, it's awfully sunny for twelve in the morning on a Saturday morning,\" and then, maybe some rabbit or another calls the head of Vlasic Synagogue: \"Hey, Ephraim! Let's go play golf. It's a lovely day!\" To which the other says, \"What, are you nuts? It's Shabbat ! Call me tomorrow.\" And the other guy says, \"Wait. You're calling me nuts? It's Tuesday!\" So then the factory workers, red with embarrassment, hurried back to the plant. Although the storks and birds seemed to be a push over, I didn't want to press my luck with a whole gaggle. And then Officer Harris came in, waving his badge. I had to get out of there! I searched back and forth for a way out. \"Is there any way we can use that pill conveyor to get outside?\" I asked Chad. \"Not unless we turn really small.\" I glanced at the chute, then glanced again. Then an honest to goodness cartoon light bulb popped up above my head. \"Chad, remember how that guy in the office was saying how they couldn't have an oven, and not use the `A word'?\" He shrugged. \"I...guess? Why.\" \"So...That means that this refuse chute cannot possibly be harmful.\" \"I...am not sure I like where this is going.\" \"Would it help if I gave you a Scooby Snack? \" I teased. He seemed unimpressed. \"No?\" \"How about we go back to your place and blow out the windows again?\" That seemed to work, for a second later, he was dropping the potted baby down the chute and jumping down after it. Okay. My idea, so I had to do it too. It was a little claustrophobic, but I hopped in, and... We dropped down a slide. A big chrome tube that zipped around in a spiral. It even had little windows here and there where you could look outside at a wall of rocks. And then, all of a sudden, we hit the end, and we tumbled down a mine shaft. A weird mine shaft. Remember that scene from Alice in Wonderland where she falls down the rabbit hole? This was kind of similar. My rate of descent slowed like I'd reached the exact center of the earth, and I began to see shelves and cabinets along the limestone and granite walls. I always thought that Alice should have ransacked those cabinets, tried to open more and see what was in there. And so I did what I first contemplated while smoking a joint on the Teacup Ride at Disneyland. Mostly I found a bunch of dishes. I did not find marmalade, but I never liked the taste of that junk anyway. I wasn't sure who made use of the place, but the cabinets all faced me, so I guessed it couldn't be Hammerspace. The books all had uninteresting titles, like The History of Silt and The Real America by Rush Limbaugh, and when I opened them, I found every page blank. Being an artist, I kept one for a sketchbook ( Turbotax for Dummies, to be precise ) , stuffing it into my bikini top, which had become rather roomy ever since I turned eighty percent animated. Looking up, I could see nothing but inky darkness. It didn't look like anyone could just fly out the top and join Alice's Victorian petticoat crowd for tea. On the whole, the place didn't thrill me as much as I expected. I found one of those tall red toolbox things men keep in their garages, and an underwear drawer containing whitey tighties, condoms, and a copy of Rough Rodent Magazine (the females were all slender and wasp waisted. How rough is that ?) I did , however, find a gun , so I pocketed (or rather, bikinied ) that. Chemistry set, more blank books, and a cabinet full of little porcelain figures. Nothing really worth my time. Maybe Alice was right to be bored, after all. Below me I saw Chad, clutching the potted baby. I folded my arms and legs together, diving to his level. \"See? It's not so bad.\" He tried to kiss me, but I dove below. The cabinets and shelves disappeared after a few feet. A second later, we splashed down in an underground sea. As paint, the water didn't feel as cold as I expected. We washed up on a gravelly shore in a cavern scattered with all the babies we'd dumped. All still very much alive. So that was a pointless exercise. At least our baby was okay. The pot still seemed to contain soil. I just hoped it didn't matter if you over watered. As we stared at our surroundings, trying to figure out how to return to the surface, I saw a figure in an exoskeleton bikini marching out of a corridor framed by giant stalagmites. She smiled when she approached. \"Miss Terious,\" I said. \"We meet again.\" She nodded. \"I've been watching your progress. Very resourceful. Very clever.\" She gave my boyfriend a smile. \" Chad... \" He looked a bit embarrassed. \"Hi.\" The female stared at the babies I'd brought down. \"Oh, and look at all these Grade A specimens! These should make terrific slaves! \" \"I completely agree. I think it would make them more... interesting . As they were, I'm pretty sure they would have made for lousy television.\" Then I frowned. \"You don't kill or destroy all these babies that get dropped down here, do you?\" The alien shook her head. \"Why waste such an amazing labor force?\" \"Why indeed. I'm definitely impressed.\" Miss Terious rubbed her chin. \"You know, I've been looking for an intern for a department that just opened up. I think a woman with your skills would be exactly what my company needs.\" I giggled. \"You want me to work for you?\" She stared at me. \"That's funny. I've never heard that phrased without a stress on either the `me' or the `you.'\" This made me grin. \"That's...because... I'm kinda interested. \" \"In that case. Come with me. We have much to discuss.\" I followed the strange lady through a massive underground fortress that reminded me of something from a James Bond movie, except it was staffed by cool cartoon characters that nobody in the studios wanted to show on film. Lots of freakish mutants, midgets, goblins and erotic animal characters of both sexes. Most of them appeared to be assembling weapons, missiles, biological agents, that sort of thing... \"I run an international business, with aims at expansion,\" Miss Terious said. \"So you're an evil mastermind.\" She scowled at me. \" If you're going to be rude , I can escort you out right now.\" \"No, no,\" I said with a laugh. \" It's cool. I've always been fascinated by villains.\" She looked at me like I were insane. \"You're actually serious.\" I shrugged. Suddenly, a plate of chitinous armor or whatever dropped over her eyes, and she screamed, \"I'm not a villain! I'm the benevolent queen of the Zorbatronian empire!\" I had to fight down a laugh, covering my mouth. \"Sorry. You're right. It was presumptuous of me. Still, if you were a villain ( which you are obviously not ), I would still think you're pretty cool.\" Miss Terious raised her face plate. \"You really think so?\" \"You don't see me sabotaging your stuff, do you?\" The alien smirked. \"I just thought that was because you didn't want to become shark food.\" \"No, no. To actually have enough money to own and maintain nuclear warheads, and actually have an agenda other than expanding the reach of Islam...\" Judging by the expression on her face, she apparently didn't know what I was talking about. Not wanting to spoil a good thing, I just said, \"It's a sexist thing they do in certain Arabian countries, like belly dancing or trading a woman for a herd of sheep.\" This made her look troubled, but she didn't say anything in reply to this. Instead, she glanced at the potted baby in my boyfriend's hands. \"What's that you've got there?\" \"Our baby.\" She frowned. \"Oh. That's right. I saw that with my spy drones.\" I chuckled. \"So you've been spying on me.\" \"You have to entertain yourself somehow .\" I briefly wondered if she'd been spying on me and Chad in the bedroom, but I liked this lady, so I didn't want to step on her toes again. Miss Terious smirked at my boyfriend. \"I'm pleased to see that you've finally found someone. I was starting to wonder about you.\" She reached for the pot. \"May I?\" I and Chad eyed her nervously. \"Why?\" I asked, tensing up. \"I have incubators and special machinery. I can get this child to sprout a lot quicker than it would up top.\" Chad and I glanced at each other, both of us a little uncertain. Should I let a shifty villainess meddle with my baby? But then again, did I really want storks to meddle with it? Especially now that I've tampered with everything in the facility? \"Are you going to make him grow another head? Or shoot laser beams from his eyes?\" Miss Terious looked confused. \"Did you... want me to? \" I shook my head. \"Not really. What about making my baby into a brainless musclebound henchman? Was that on the agenda?\" \"Again, are you asking me to?\" \"No...\" \"Please relax, Jessica. I only wish to help your baby.\" For a moment, I wondered how she got my name, but then I remembered we'd been introduced when I first visited Chad's apartment. I kept looking at my boyfriend, but he didn't say anything. \"If you want to be my intern,\" Miss Terious said. \"You're going to have to take some risks, and trust me.\" I nodded to Chad, and he handed the woman our `baby plant'. She pushed a button on the wall, and her butler, clad in a helmet-less Star Wars stormtrooper outfit, marched out of one of the rooms. \"Mmyes?\" Miss Terious handed the pot to him. \"Place this in the Flux Nursery. Lowest setting.\" \"Yes, ma'am.\" Of course we had to see what he was doing. We got led down a long angular corridor with windows and doors leading to various operations, such as a special school that taught young cartoon characters how to be henchmen and hench women, how to fight ineffectively, how to add, subtract and read instructions on death weapons, chemistry and genetics. For a moment, I put serious thought into enrolling my baby in the place, once he or she were full grown. Past this school, and a lab for prototype deeply flawed villain weapons, I came to the nursery. It looked like a greenhouse, except, being in a cavern, they had to use electric lighting. The entire area was one big cabbage patch. I stared at all the plants. \"Wow. Let me guess. You guys make your own genetics, make seeds, and plant them like they do up top.\" Miss Terious shook her head. \"Um, you have a guy on the inside that messes with the genetics and sneaks the seeds down.\" \"Actually, we have a contract with them. If they have a suspicious or villainous looking seed, it goes straight down here.\" \"What!\" I cried. \"That's crazy!\" \"Why. Villains have sex, too. Imagine them seeing a brightly colored stork delivering their baby. They'd probably shoot it out of the sky!\" That revelation astounded me. \"So...you're like the opposite of a stork?\" She shrugged. \"My ambitions are a bit loftier than that. The baby delivering business just pays for the overhead.\" The pieces were starting to fit together. \"Wait. Are you...trying to dump your baby business on me so you can go conquer the world?\" Miss Terious smiled. \"It's a little more complicated than that, but I have to admit it is part of your job description as an intern. We have to keep the lights and other utilities on somehow...\" I rolled my eyes, but decided not to argue, since I figured my intelligence alone would be enough to move me up the ranks. There were several things I'd seen so far that needed to be improved to thwart superheroes, innovations that would likely secure my place as a valuable antihero. \"Fine. Guess you got to start out somewhere, huh?\" \"Exactly.\" \"I thought you wanted to be Holli Would!\" Chad said. I replied, \"Well, this is cool too. Plus I can always put this on my resume when I finally have a talk with her.\" \"I have a few things of my own that might help you on that end,\" said Miss Terious. \"Though I hope you will still consider remaining on staff, once we have you properly trained. Training is expensive, you know.\" She led me down a row of cabbages. \"You can imagine, with me stuck in my binding contract, how delighted I was to see you mucking up the Vlasic machinery. I personally am not allowed up there. Any sabotage to the process, and they would void my contract. With you, I have an airtight alibi. I did not know you intended to take over the factory, so I have plausible deniability.\" \"Uh, no problem,\" I said. We followed Sleez to a set of cylindrical machines at the rear of the greenhouse. The things almost looked like giant blenders. I watched with discomfort as the butler opened one, carelessly dumping my seed and its dirt into a bucket on the bottom of the machine. He closed the cylinder tight, turning a dial. What followed reminded me of a washing machine cycle. It rained, a plant light came on, and various other things bombarded the seed, including classical music. As I watched this, I suddenly noticed that the other machines were empty. I brought this to Miss Terious's attention. \"Oh? Well, I haven't had much of a reason, as of late, to rapidly assemble an army. You know, most individuals, such as myself, are in no rush to have a child, so the gradual method is just as good. Some argue that it's actually better for them to grow the old fashioned way, but honestly, it's a matter of taste rather than actual science.\" \"Yeah, I really don't think science has much to do with storks and cabbage patches.\" The seed didn't do anything for about ten minutes. \"The process is fast,\" Miss Terious said. \"But not that fast. General turnaround is about six hours.\" \"Kind of like a Thanksgiving turkey.\" She nodded. \"While we wait on that, I'd like to show you something else.\" She led me past a torture chamber, to a large white soundproofed room containing a giant black orb on a pedestal. The orb had five holes all around, a glowing spike in its center causing the object to thrum and make strange noises. \"Wow,\" I said. \"What's that?\" \"It's called The Ultraspike . Tell me, Jessica. How much do you know about the Spikes of Power?\" \"A lot,\" I said. \"Excellent! As you can see, the Ultraspike contains only one Spike of Power. One of your jobs, as an intern, will be to retrieve the other five Spikes.\" \"Um...What will it do when I get them all together?\" \"Do you remember that little incident when that one little Spike was removed from its place last time?\" I frowned. \"Did that have something to do with all of Las Vegas turning animated?\" Miss Terious laughed. \"So that's what it did in your world. How very interesting .\" \"What did it do to yours?\" She gestured like it were of little consequence. \"Oh, nothing much. A lot of doodles escaped into your world, including ghosts and beings from the ethereal plane, energy powers intensified, new powers were created out of the instability of the two realities, doodles began to develop complicated sensations and feelings...it was really too bad that it didn't last longer. I wanted to study it further.\" \"But by doing this, we could turn the whole world into a big cartoon.\" \"Would that be so bad?\" I didn't even think about it. I just blurted, \"Hell no. I think it would be an improvement.\"[Chapter 43] JESSICA [0000] Miss Terious seemed to be pleased with my response. \"Would you like some lunch? Dinner, perhaps? I'm not sure what time it was where you came from, but I don't believe you've eaten anything since the Savoy.\" I frowned at her. \"Not to sound ungrateful, but have you been spying on everything I've done since I met Chad?\" She chuckled. \"Oh honey. You have no idea how long I've been waiting to see Chad... get a life . Most hilarious thing I've ever seen, though I was kind of hoping to see him getting busy with a man... \" The woman shrugged. \"Nothing against you personally, but I just had to record it.\" I stared at her. \"Wow. That's...kind of creepy. \" Miss Terious smiled. \"In a scary villainess sort of way?\" \"Um, no. Just creepy creepy.\" The smile dropped from her face. An awkward silence passed between us. At last, Miss Terious touched a panel on the wall, summoning Sleez. The man materialized next to us, dressed like a Mexican bandit from a spaghetti western, with a big sombrero, mustache and a poncho. \"Mmmyes?\" And then, as an afterthought, \"Si?\" \"Get Miss... Buckthorn something to eat.\" She led me into a dining room with a long table, its rock walls decorated with tall framed portraits of aliens in tuxedos and dresses. I got seated at the far end, Miss Terious at the head, all awkward and ridiculous like that scene from the Michael Keaton Batman film. Or Citizen Kane . We stared at each other, waiting for the food to arrive. Miss Terious seated herself in a flat piece of cardboard cut and painted to look like a chair. I guessed animated people can sit on two dimensional surfaces or something. In fact, I myself happened to be sitting in such a cardboard chair. I had done it unthinkingly, like it were something I had always done...except I fell to the floor any time I turned real. \"So...\" I pointed to a picture of a faceless thing in green silk. \"That's mother,\" she said with a smile. Then she pointed to a skinny pale skinned guy next to it. \"And that's father.\" I grinned. \"They must be very proud.\" Miss Terious nodded. \"They still have the bones from my first kill.\" She showed me her other relations. I expected weird, foreign sounding names, but they turned out to be rather ordinary, like \"Uncle Zeke\" and \"Aunt Henrietta.\" She told me how her parents met, the war between the Federated Worlds and Zorbatron, and how her father, Mr. Schneider, broke his leg, and the alien nursed him back to health, the two, of course, falling in love. \"So,\" I said. \"You're married. Otherwise you'd be a Shneider, right?\" Miss Terious shook her head. \"I take my name from my mother's side of the family.\" \"So what's your first name?\" \"I don't have one.\" I chuckled through my nose. \"So how do you Teriouses tell each other apart?\" \"By scent.\" I giggled. \"I see.\" \"I took my name from mother in a fight to the death.\" I snorted, trying to look serious. \"You just said they still have the bones from your first kill.\" Miss Terious nodded. \"They do.\" I guessed that she meant they were her fist kill, but that still didn't quite make sense. At any rate, she didn't seem too sad about it, so I said, \"So what do I call you?\" \"Miss Terious,\" she said. I rolled my eyes. \"What do your friends call you?\" She sighed. \"I don't have any friends.\" \"Actually, you have at least one.\" And then I thought a moment. \"What about Mr. Sleezington? Isn't he a friend?\" \"He's my butler. I pay him.\" For the second, or maybe third time, I fell on the floor, nonchalantly brushing myself off as I re-seated myself. \"Okay...What about Chad? He hangs out with you, right?\" Miss Terious looked sad. \"We're not exactly close. He tends to avoid me. I guess I don't know how to be a friend.\" \"We can work on that,\" I paused. \"I know! How about I call you ` Misty '?\" \"No!\" she said in a cold tone. But then she smirked. \"Okay.\" I asked Misty about her other relatives, but she only responded with, \"See Star Avenger #195 - ed,\" or \" Weird Tales from the Shadow Dimension #10,\" or \"See Evil of Terious Issue #8,\" leaving a lengthy period of silence afterwards, like I could use the time to just magically jump into a comic book store and pull down an issue. At one point, I even asked her, \"Why can't you just tell me what happened to Uncle Ted in Power of Galactus #13 ?\" but she only said no. As a joke, I changed the number on one of her references, asking her, \"What about Shades of Terious #17 ?\" She reddened. \"That's the one where I lost my virginity. Do you really want to hear about that ?\" \"Not really,\" I chuckled. I fell on my butt again. Sleezington, dressed like the guy from Logan's Run , or maybe Luke Skywalker (kind of a black tunic looking thing with a belt), and a pair of those hairy toothy aliens from the movie Critters came marching in with silver trays full of food. The waddling Crites looked very cute animated with their little suits and bow ties. The meal looked like something they show in all those Garfield comics. A big leg of ham, grapes, lasagna, a tall Dagwood style sandwich, chicken... Honestly, it all tasted pretty plain, like tofu or paper, but I pretended like it were other tastier things, and it made it somewhat better. One thing I like about being animated. You can eat a ton without ever getting fat. If you like trying to sit in flat cardboard chairs. I checked on the baby again. It had developed into sort of a potato with collard greens growing out of it. Still not quite `done', and definitely not quite a baby. \"You must be tired,\" Misty said. \"We have sleeping quarters here. Would you like to see them?\" \"That...depends.\" I narrowed my eyes. \"Is someone going to sneak in and do weird experiments on us while we're sleeping?\" She frowned. \"No?\" \"What about...someone sneaking into our rooms to do sexual things?\" \"Would that be a bad thing?\" It almost sounded like she were considering it. \"Um, yeah!\" I stammered. \"Kinda.\" She twisted her lip. \"So that's why no one ever stays here!\" This got me laughing again. \"I was guessing you were the Dr. Frankenfurter type.\" \"What?\" she, of course, had never seen Rocky Horror Picture Show . \"Never mind.\" The `guest bedroom' was not exactly what I expected. It was just a little room with a couch, a dresser, and a row of vertical tubes. Guests slept standing up in those things. I guess the bed had machinery that suspended gravity inside the tube so you didn't do so much stand as you just floated in the air, like one of those scifi comics about astronauts from the future. \"Do people only sleep in those tubes?\" Chad asked Misty as I examined the framed alien landscapes decorating the room. \"Yes. Or the couch if my guests are having a fight. \" \"And what if they wish to have intercourse?\" She just smiled and looked up. I glanced that way and laughed. Chad, on the other hand, looked embarrassed. \"Forgive me. You are right. To do such a thing in another person's house is impolite.\" Misty opened her mouth to say something, but I just tugged his arm and pointed at the ceiling. \"Oh!\" he said when he saw it. A fancy king size bed had been bolted to a leveled cavern roof. Apparently her guests like to make love up there. I even saw dressers, a closet, and a stalactite nightstand, though I don't see how anyone could set their wallet or glasses on it without everything falling to the floor. \"You guys think of everything.\" But then I looked at her in puzzlement. \"I thought you said you had no friends.\" Misty sighed and stared at the floor. \"It doesn't mean I don't try.\" She sniffed a little, and for a moment, I thought she would get all teary eyed about it. \"Maybe you're right. Maybe I am a villain, and that's why I have no friends.\" \"Oh, I don't know ...\" I patted her on the shoulder. \"I'm sure you mean well.\" She lifted her gaze. \"You really think so?\" I gave her a shrug. \"I do. And there's something else I'm wondering. Do you pay Mr. Sleezington to let you whip him, and other stuff?\" \"Never!\" she said. \"He likes it. In fact, one time, I couldn't afford to pay him anything because we were going through a budget crisis, and...\" She slapped her hand over her mouth. \"He loves me! He actually-\" The butler appeared behind her, dressed as Zorro. Widebrim hat, tights, ridiculous eye mask. \"Mmmyes!\" he cried. At this point, the evil alien queen with a nuclear weapons facility decides to be completely spontaneous, grabbing her butler by the neck and kissing him passionately. She got so carried away that her visor dropped down over her eyes. \"You're a great couple,\" I said. Sleez, who had been kissing at the time, pulled away from the activity to break character by saying, \"Thank you.\" A pair of bug wings burst from Misty's back. She grabbed the butler around the waist, and the two rose up in the air, to the queen bed. Chad stared at Misty as she pulled off the butler's clothes. \"We should go,\" I told him. Chad was still watching, but he looked a little disgusted. \"What's that coming out between her legs?\" I preferred not to look. \"I don't know. Maybe you should stick to what's between mine.\" He stubbornly continued to watch, his face growing even more disgusted. \" That should not go in there !\" I tugged on his arm. \"C'mon. Let's go back to your place. We'll put things wherever you want.\" Then I glanced at the ceiling. I wished I hadn't. I... No. Don't ask. I don't want to ever think about what I saw again. \"I'm leaving!\" I called. \"I'll be back in six hours!\" \"But how do you know how to get out of here?\" Chad asked. \"I don't. But we can find a couch somewhere...\" \"Push the call button on the wall!\" Misty half cried, half moaned. \"A minion will show you out!\" \"Mmyes!\" Sleez added. Or maybe he was just enjoying himself . I pushed the button, and something that looked like a one eyed Twinkie the kid appeared in front of me. A yellow banana-like thing with a cowboy hat and a gun belt. Not digital . \" Minion ,\" I muttered. \"How may I help you?\" it asked. Okay, so maybe some things the storks dumped down there weren't really that good. Twinkie the Kid led us to a golf cart, which we rode for a mile or so, stopping at an elevator. An elevator with no up or down button, just a security panel. The moment we got out, Twinkie pushed the gas pedal, speeding off down the tunnel, leaving me to stare at the keypad in frustration. \"Great. Now what.\" Chad casually typed in a code, and the doors opened. I gawked at him. \"Why do you know how to do that?\" He shrugged. \"Sometimes I help out. It is a condition on my lease agreement.\" The elevator, of course, led to Chad's apartment. How else would Misty have been able to hang out there so often? During the course of our (ahem) activities the previous night, I noticed a white dress hanging up in his closet. Out of curiosity, I took it out, holding it up to my body. \"This looks like something Holli would wear.\" \"It is,\" he said. \"She had a yard sale.\" \"So... what's it doing in your closet? \" He swallowed. \"It is not for me. Miss Terious put it in there. I do not know why. Perhaps she thought I would have a female guest such as yourself.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Uh-huh.\" \"I try it once and that is all. It is too loose around the chest, and I am too embarrassed to ask for an alteration. Please keep it.\" Once he explained the story of where the dress was before the yard sale, I just had to pay the previous owner a visit. Of course, this meant evading the cop... Lucky for us, Chad had a bunch of costumes, the cartoon kind that becomes its own character when you wear it. We took the identity of Road Rovers, ducking behind impossibly narrow poles like real cartoons when the actual Road Rovers came down the street and talked to the cop. Holli lived in a high rise with swans around the door and a big skull shaped knocker that talked. I only had to take off my costume and start gushing about Holli to the knocker to get inside the main foyer. We took an elevator upstairs, rapped on the door to Holli's suite. I grinned when I saw her, glowing and animated like I saw in the comic books sometimes, at other times a real human with straw colored hair. \"Wow!\" I cried. \" It's really you!\" She frowned. \"Can I help you?\" \"I'm your biggest fan!\" I pointed to my outfit. \"Like my dress? It's a replica of the one Marilyn Monroe wore in the movie Let's Make Love. \" \"Out,\" Holli cried, pointing a finger to the elevator. \"Out!\" \"Where would I go?\" I said. \"You're my role model! You're an inspiration! You stand up for yourself, you don't take any crap from anyone, you get whatever you want!\" \"I don't have the spike,\" she said. \"Did you know there's more than one?\" \"Yes. But I could only get to one. At the Union Plaza Hotel. I would have gotten the one at Jack's house, but it was buried under a ton of concrete.\" She sighed, leaning against the door frame. \"Look. I'm busy, and I don't do that anymore. Could you please get lost?\" Chad grabbed my butt, whispered in my ear. \"There. You have seen her now. Are you happy?\" I brushed his hand away. \"Not quite.\" I cleared my throat, addressing my idol. \"I have some questions. May I come in?\" Holli turned fire engine red. \"I'm busy.\" She slammed the door in my face. Can you believe it? \"Let's go,\" said Chad. \"She does not want to talk.\" \"You have a one track mind,\" I groaned. \"Would you prefer I wear a dress and play with dolls?\" I gave him a look that said `Now really.' \"Do you often make empty promises, Spicy Peach?\" I blushed. \"Well, no...\" And so we returned to his apartment. You can probably figure out what happened next. I kinda thought Chad deserved it, and, well...(ahem). We went at it again. It turns out Chad can put iron shutters on his windows to keep out the riffraff (no pun intended). So... Not as dramatic as before . Don't get me wrong, it was great as the first time, but we didn't blow the windows out or anything. In fact, we didn't even change that much. I was still mostly animated, but flickering human at odd times, and Chad was still flickering back and forth from real to a doodle, though he seemed to trend towards real. We had tried a different position this time, but I'm not really sure that had anything to do with it. Oh well. At least we enjoyed it. We curled up in each other's arms, went to sleep. This time no one knocked on our window, so we actually got some rest. Okay. So... about the newspaper... The next morning at breakfast, Chad showed me the article. The headline read: \"Factory Exec In Deep Doo Doo.\" Like any good cartoon paper, the articles had no text entries other than a headline, because they always tell the story in a black and white movie, complete with sound. A few seconds after we disappeared down the baby chute, Nurse Cupcake finished sawing through the Board of Directors, bursting out on the production floor clad only in a bra and a diaper. It just so happened that everyone in the entire factory chose that moment to come marching through the entrance, half of them wearing suits and yarmulkes from their incorrectly scheduled Shabbat. Cupcake took one look at her audience and screamed, covering her crotch. She pooped herself, then, with a blush and an embarrassed giggle, said, \"That does feel kind of good!\" Being a bird that wears many hats, she quickly zoomed back into the diaper room, returning in her normal nurse attire. \"Ahem.\" But she was still making squishing sounds as she walked. She found the koala stuck in the closet, but nobody seemed to notice that the digital vat looked different, or that someone had tossed out their so-called `Grade A's'. Once the piece, or rather pieces of wood were back in their shattered case, a board meeting was held in review of Cupcake's employment. Of course they were \"divided\" on the issue, as they probably would be about everything until things got fixed. When I saw her trying to look all serious while switching from chair to chair in a squishy diaper, I had to look away to stop cartoon orange juice from spraying out my nose. Then Chad asked if she were going to fire herself, and I really lost it. The clocks got reset, and factory workers resumed their duties. Well, except for the iguana. They fired him the moment they saw his name on the inside of the mask I'd stolen. I would have felt bad about it, but the reason why the guy had been disguised to begin with was due to him being fired a year ago and being told not to come back. They heightened their security, hiring several `Pinkerton guards', which just so happened to be realistically shaded zebra striped great Danes in the style of artist and author Stephen Kellogg. mostly regular dogs, but a couple of them walked upright and wore uniforms, but the rest were regular dogs. They...kinda had obedience problems. One of the storks told a guard to sit, and it ripped them to pieces. The same dog would lay down and roll over if you told it to attack. Other than that, the factory went back to normal. Well, until they saw half human babies rolling down the sorting line that night. The moment Nurse Cupcake spotted them, she let out a shriek. Then, as she noticed everybody staring, she nervously stammered it was nothing. She took out a bullhorn and told everyone to assemble in the meeting room down the hall. \"What's this about?\" a puffin asked her. \"Nothing. I just saw a tornado watch on the news.\" That explanation, I guess, had been compelling enough, for the puffin and a group of others hurried out. She waited for the last one bird, mouse or whatever to file out, whistling Stars and Stripes Forever , impatiently tapping her foot. Once she had the room empty, Cupcake rushed to a panel near the baby unwrapping station, typing in a complicated security code, unlocking an instrument box with a key, like those special safe boxes the president always has in all those movies about nuclear war. In fact, she had to dive behind a machine and change clothing to become a vice president with a second key. For a moment, I thought I was watching a weird version of Doctor Strangelove . A panel slid open, revealing a shiny button, which I guessed, from the monochrome, was red and candy-like. The moment her finger pressed the button, a set of Chipper Shredders rose out of the floor, the cabbage line conveyor tracks shifting from its usual sorting station to the maw of the toothy machines. Warning lights came on all over the plant, large light up signs flashing the word \"ABORT\". Dozens of my babies, my seed , went rolling off the sorting line, and into the jaws of death, blood spraying from the rapidly spinning blades. The bird's face and body became scary and under-lit like Scooby Doo's animated Vincent Price as she broke into maniacal laughter. At this precise moment, the employees came filing back into the assembly floor, Mr. Vlasic himself staring at her with his jaw hanging open. The first thing out of the stork's mouth was the traditional \"Noooo\" with his voice slowed down to sound like a vinyl record at 20 RPM. Cupcake's eyes got really big, and I could hear the sound of her filling her diaper again. More orange juice went up my nose. I was pissed about the babies, though. I'd worked very hard to contribute my genetics to the system, just to have a self important diaper wearing bird shredding my babies to bloody bits. I really hoped they'd fire her. Of course, the `article' didn't tell me about that part. I could only stew about it until the next edition came out. Oh, and Officer Harris was looking for me, really Jonesing to lock me away in prison. \"What's the matter?\" said Chad. I pointed to the article. \" This. She aborted our babies!\" \"Actually, they are your babies...and whoever you crossed them with. I do not judge you for this, for I helped, but you have essentially slept with everyone in Cool World. Anonymously.\" He must have noticed my offended facial expression, for he then added, \"Still, I am still sorry to lose my adopted children .\" He checked his watch. \"Speaking of which, it has been more than six hours. Let us check the baby.\" It seemed Misty still spied on us, for the moment the elevator opened at the correct basement floor, we found Sleez and Twinkie the Kid were already waiting for us in the golf cart. A short ride later, we arrived in the greenhouse, gazing through the glass tube of the Flux Nursery at a lovely little head of cabbage. The greenhouse had a smaller greenhouse near the back, where, I presumed, they performed highly specialized gardening tasks with smaller, feebler plants. Misty stepped out of this structure, dressed in a chitinous looking nurse's uniform. The getup looked like something sown out of a bunch of beetles and crickets and cockroaches, the little hat from cicadas. Kinda gross, but cute in a weird sort of way. The woman smiled, opening the machine. \"This will be the sixth one I've unwrapped.\" I squinted at her, confused. \"What?\" \"I designed two of those LTA machines to spray out ketchup and drop the babies down a chute when the Abort procedure happens.\" \"I thought I saw more than two machines,\" I said. \"What about those other ones?\" Misty just frowned, peeling leaves off the cabbage. She ate the leaves, shredding them like a grasshopper. A few moments later, I found myself looking at the most adorable little... thing . Part human, part animated kangaroo. Yup. This was our kid. It was weird to see a cartoon character made of human skin, but he wasn't ugly. Yeah. It's a boy. I checked . \"Oh my gosh!\" I squealed, snatching him out of her hands, pressing him to my chest. \"Aren't you just adorable?\" His eyes were a little large, but my boyfriend was a doodle. It comes with the territory. As I played with his floppy ears and tried to come up with a name, Misty said, \"Would you like to see the others?\" I followed her into the miniature greenhouse. I guess I got my just desserts for `sowing my wild oats,' so to speak. I had a literal `bat girl', a real baby `cat woman', a reptile boy, a bird boy, and a girl who was literally a bitch. Squealing, I showed my baby to his half brothers and half sisters. \"They are very beautiful,\" said Misty. \"Yeah,\" I sighed. \"I guess this means I have to settle down and raise them all, doesn't it?\" She shrugged. \"Not necessarily. You could put them up for adoption if you wish. I know some individuals who would love a good mutant...\" I tapped my chin. \"Well...\" But then I said, \"What about your school? I think that would be perfect!\" For a moment, Misty looked horrified, but then she seemed to warm to the idea. \" If you really don't mind...\" I nodded, so she had her butler put them in a wheelbarrow, carting them off to her daycare center. \"Have you heard of CC Knickknocker?\" Misty asked me. I chuckled. \"What, is that a strip club?\" I pretended to pole dance for a moment, showing her I was ready for anything. \"No no no. It's one of my side businesses. They make kookoo clocks and door frames. You'll love it.\" I sighed in relief. \"Even better!\" She took a baby carrier off the wall, sticking.. . um... I was still trying to decide on a name for him ...into it. I turned the baby around, doing my impression of that mutant guy from Total Recall . \" Quaid!\" No one got the joke, so I made Chad wear the baby harness. We took the golf cart to a different elevator, this one opening inside a massive grandfather clock. The clock led into an antique shop, full of wooden... knicknacks , for lack of a better word. We walked in, met the owner, who, ironically enough, happened to be Geppetto. I guess he must have slept outside the species himself, for the guy assisting him kinda looked like a sheepdog, but had an almost uncanny resemblance to himself, and I'm not just talking about the mustaches. I whistled. \"Nice place!\" It was a great store. The clocks and stuff looked beautiful. Misty beamed brightly as she lead me to the back wall, nothing more than a giant flat painting of clocks. She turned the hands on one of the painted clocks to 12:30, and the wall slid aside to reveal a room full of computers and machine controls. \"This is where I oversee operations on our craft shop, as well as the nuclear launch facility.\" I glanced at the humming machinery. \"I believe it.\" I pointed to a device in the corner. \"What's this?\" \"It makes popcorn,\" she said. \" Evil popcorn. \" I laughed, and she laughed too. But then she stopped laughing and said, \"I'm serious. The popcorn is evil.\" I gave her a nod, not doubting it for a minute. She opened a door at the end of the room, and all of a sudden I see a bunch of birds performing a musical number as they carved things out of wood with their beaks, Timon and Pumbaa leading the song. Pretty catchy. I snapped my fingers as they fluttered around, merrily chiseling clocks and picture frames and staircase railings. I thought I recognized a few of the birdies from that time I hit my head in the hotel, but they all kind of look alike, so I wasn't sure. I wouldn't have been surprised if a couple got bored of floating in my shake at the malt shop and hopped over here to make table legs. \"They are such loyal workers,\" Misty said. \"Just give them the right pellets and they do whatever you ask.\" \"That's neat. Were you going to have me manage this place too?\" \"I was considering it. We'll see. How about I show you the Coo Coo Cola factory next door?\" I shrugged. \"All right.\" That's when I heard screaming. Whirling around, I caught sight of Drew . Somehow, he'd gotten himself chained to a log about to be sawn in half. He had a weird gray cartoon birdie with him, and a lady in an owl costume. I never thought he'd jump through the doorway and join me here, let alone clown around in a cartoon wood factory. I guess he had found his inner child or something. Or maybe his feminine side , since he did have on a dress. At first I thought it was a joke, but I guess he was trying to sabotage the company or something. He probably deserved what he got, but I decided to be nice and stop the blade. After all, I still found him kind of cute. It's a good thing I saved them. Drew's costumed friend was none other Owl Woman, and get this, she's Chad's mother ! I didn't say this out loud, since it would be bad form for a comic character, but I still think Chad figured it out. A lame superhero that drops by on your birthday to give you presents and watches you to see if you're safe, but fails at, I don't know, stopping bank robberies... just might be your mom. As for Drew... wow . I really didn't want to believe his story about sleeping with his sister, but why would you make up something like that? And his body did that flickering thing like mine did... Now that I think about it, I guess it kind of makes sense. I mean, if Deebes Senior slept with a cartoon... It explained a lot about what happened the day Jack asked to borrow mom's car, and why Harris kept chasing me and trying to put me in prison. If I knew Drew were that desperate, I would have finished what we started at the hotel. Maybe. Of course, at this point it was a little late. Still, very sad and pathetic. I thanked Owl Woman for taking care of the cop last night. \"All in a day's work for... Owl Woman! \" she proudly declared. \" Though technically it was an evening's work, because grammatically speaking... \" I rolled my eyes. \" I get it , ma'am.\" Our costumed vigilante, obsessed about library materials, demanded some books back. Not really sure why, except maybe that's how they maintained stock in Cool World. Once she had her overdue materials, she was gone. But not before we agreed to have a baby shower. Drew tried to convince me that Misty practiced animal cruelty or something, but I didn't see it. Plus, they were just your generic Cinderella birdies, so it really didn't bother me if they got tortured a little. I could tell he had outstayed his welcome, so I felt a little relieved when Misty sent him away to...go screw his sister, or whatever he was doing. \"Tell your sister I said hi!\" I called, but I don't think he heard me. I saw a goblin thing squish one of the birdies like a grape, but I just turned away and whistled, pretending I didn't see it. Misty chuckled. \"I like the way you think.\" \"So...\" I prompted. \"The soda factory?\" She paused a moment. \"Actually...there's someone I want to introduce you to...\" And then she lead me to a mirror covered in a sheet. \"Um...okay...Are we going to find out who's the fairest?\" \"Not quite,\" she said, ripping the sheet down. It looked like a regular mirror. Nothing extraordinary, except it reflect the factory instead of showing bands of blue and white like a normal cartoon mirror. \"Hello,\" Misty said to it. \"Hello?\" Nothing happened. She knocked on it, shouting, \"Hello!\" No response. Misty sighed. \" He's toying with me. He knows I hate doing this...\" She started singing Robert Hazard's Escalator of Life . That's when I saw him. He looked like Mr. Spacely from The Jetsons , except fatter and more bald. With a floating chair. The hair above his ears looked like a pair of brown caterpillars on a bald expanse, the caterpillar in the center of his head barely staying on, his eyebrows cut to semi-permanently reflect that `evil' look. He was the guy responsible for turning Kidd Vid into a cartoon, pulling him and all his friends into Cool World. \"Oh my God!\" I laughed. \"It's Master Blaster!\"[Chapter 44] DREW [0000] \"Even I'm not that crazy,\" Harris said, seemingly unprovoked. I stared in bafflement. \"Excuse me?\" The officer blew a smoke ring. \" That was the smartest thing your father ever said to me. I asked him if he drew me , like he claimed to draw everything in Cool World, and he said...\" He smoked, and puffed out a Felix the Cat shaped cloud. \"I initially got angry at him, because I took it at face value, but, probably unknown to him, he was actually hinting at a deeper truth...\" I blinked at him several times, not believing what I was hearing. \"So now dad's your guru?\" He suddenly broke into a fit, whether it was coughing or laughing I wasn't sure. \"Oh God no.\" He caught his breath. \"But even a bad oyster occasionally barfs out a pearl.\" He inhaled deeper. \"Your dad wasn't just saying he wasn't my creator. He was making an existential statement, and at the core, he was hinting at the reason why Buddhism is a load of horse shit. \"Let's say I was in a war. Maybe the Second World War . Now let's say the Germans are firing at me. \"But no, wait. The Germans were me in a past life, because in actuality everyone on the planet is part of God, meaning that I personally am God . Now why the hell would I want to put on a gray helmet and shoot myself? And why are there millions of copies of me also all shooting at other versions of myself? That, my friend, is bullshit, because I am not God, and you'd have to be insane for that to even work. It's just a lot of meaningless bloodshed for nothing. \"And so, your sleaze bucket of a father hit the nail on the head. ` Even I'm not that crazy.' The world is full of pain and death, and it's ludicrous to imagine myself as the culprit for all of it.\" I just stared at him. \"Uh, gee. Thanks for sharing.\" He clicked his teeth. \"Don't mention it.\" So that was it. If Extra were to be rescued, I'd have to do it myself. But how? A phone would have been nice, but I didn't know Amanda's number, and my pockets kept giving me rubbish like an Acme Looniversity Flag, an Ecto Trap or a bikini bunny magazine with an accordion folded centerfold picture, so I couldn't even call Dane. When I got outside, I just stood on the corner, staring blankly, depressed by inability to aid my little friend. That was when I realized I was being haunted . You see, if you blast a person with a Go Go Ghostblaster, they become a ghost, so Sam and Max now floated around me, looking very transparent, and very pissed off, and I had made the mistake of tossing my Ecto Trap on the floor inside the police station. \"Guys,\" I said. \"It was the mouse. I had nothing to do with it.\" They didn't speak, they just hovered in the air, frowning at me. Honestly, I liked them better this way. Of course, they still weren't much help. It looked like I would have to hoof it back... anywhere . I wandered down the sidewalk a bit, staring at the storefront across the street. Hoof. Hoofnagels . The ice cream shop was right across the intersection. Mr. H obviously knew something about Amanda. I could only hope this included a means to contact her, so I could get a lift. The only problem was the Empty Busy Street. I was mildly screwed. The only thing I could think to do was dig in my pockets for my phone...or maybe a car. \"Hey. Gramps.\" When I got no reply, I said, \" Mac Daddy. \" No Beak popped out of my dress. \"You're a Hammerspace guru, aren't you?\" \"I know some things...\" he said. \"But it's been awhile.\" \"I was able to turn noid and pull out a set of keys earlier. Can you figure out some way to bypass these cartoon clothes and pull out my cel phone?\" \"Are you able to turn noid right now?\" After thinking it over a minute, I decided that, if thinking about inane brainless songs made me animated, I could probably de-animate by doing the reverse. So I thought about work, and how that answering machine message I left probably would get deleted or ignored, and I'd either be fired or written up for a no-call-no-show. That kind of helped, but not enough to fix my pockets. I opened a couple trash cans, hoping to find the Inspector Gadget tunnel, but the only one I could find was leading off in the wrong direction, and when I tried picking it up and moving it, my alligator friend gave me a French kiss, tugging at my clothing until I shoved her back in the can. I was kind of proud that I was , in fact, able to shove something that large back down there. I sighed, frowning at my beakless friend. \"C'mon, MD. Surely you can find something in my pockets to help me across that dangerous intersection!\" With a shrug, he dove into my dress, coming back out a second later with a powdered wig and a button coat in the style of George Washington. I took the items, staring at them with skepticism. \"And this is going to help me how?\" \"All doodles are temporarily invulnerable during musical performances. This includes the Seemingly Empty Busy Street.\" \"Are you sure? Because in my world, singing while crossing traffic was what got me hit by cars.\" \"Things work differently here.\" \"I don't know how to play,\" I said. \"And furthermore I don't have any instruments.\" \"That hasn't stopped anyone before.\" \"You're serious,\" I said. \"Just, what. Pantomime playing something?\" MD nodded. He dropped the wig on my head. \"Perhaps you can play something...patriotic?\" With a sigh, I put on the presidential coat and acted like I were playing the piccolo, whistling Yankee Doodle with my mouth as I stepped onto the street. It actually worked. I even thought I heard drums in the background. When my whistle got dry, Daddy Mack flew in to carry the notes. I was rather shocked to find my feet settling on the opposite sidewalk. When I pushed open the door to Hoofnagel's, I turned into a long legged white bird with a long beak and a tricorn hat, possibly out of Drinky Crow. I took off my coat, but only after discovering that it contained my keys, wallet, and cel phone. I decided to hold onto it and just ditch the wig and the hat. The place was empty except for Mr. H and a blue bird in scrubs, the latter in a booth, weeping into a milkshake. Puzzled, I seated myself across from her and just stared. I'd seen a lot of weird things in this place, but this was a little off the wall, and kind of disturbing. \"What's wrong?\" \"Oh, it's nothing,\" she said with a sniffle. \" I just aborted a bunch of babies. \" She started crying again. \"I never did that before. I never would have done it at all if that evil noid hadn't polluted all our...\" She sprayed tears at me. \"It wasn't natural, sleeping with a doodle, and by splicing those genetics of hers with our whole stock, she pretty much slept with everyone! Was I just supposed to accept that as normal and shove them down the line?\" I frowned. \"Uh, gee. I...don't know.\" Hearing a door chime, I turned around, thinking it was going to be Amanda or something. I saw Me Too, Me Too Iguana waddling in. \"Hi, Mr. H,\" he said to the goat at the counter. \"Have you seen Cupcake come in here? I've been looking all over.\" Hoofnagel pointed a hoof to our table. As the lizard waddled up to us, I turned real. His jaw dropped in astonishment when he saw me. \"I heard you were upset about this, but no need to get drastic!\" The bird blushed. \"Oh no no no! This isn't what it looks like!\" Me Too Me Too didn't believe her. \" Of course it isn't . Wink wink, nudge nudge, say no more! \" The bird turned red with anger. \"Did you come here just to insult me?\" \"No,\" said the lizard. \"I came to tell you that I tampered with the LTA machines. All of them.\" \"What!\" Cupcake cried in outrage. Me Too swallowed and nodded. \"You see, they don't actually kill babies. Two of the chutes go down to Miss Terious's lair...\" The bird's face turned even redder. \"And where do the other two go.\" He gulped again. \"I'm not sure you've heard of it. It's a place called \"The Small World Ride\" in a \"Disney Theme Park.\" I raised an eyebrow, wondering if hundreds of mutant half human cartoon characters pouring into niches behind those annoying little singing dolls would improve the ride. The bird fainted, disappearing beneath the table. \"So the story about there being a portal to Disneyland isn't just bullshit?\" I said. \"I don't know,\" said the iguana. \"Some weird things have been going in and out of Cool World lately. I've heard rumors about a real office building appearing in the middle of town... full of noids like you !\" I gawked at him. \"Run that by me again?\"[Chapter 45] The bird recovered from her faint, bursting out from under the table to French kiss the iguana. Me Too staggered back, staring at her in disgust. \"Whoa,\" he said, wiping his mouth. \"What was that about?\" \"My conscience, that's what,\" she said. \"I may be a conservative Jew, but I've always secretly been pro life. You don't know how happy your little act of sabotage makes me! For hours, I've had nothing but constant migraines, and now they're gone! You saved me. You may have saved my job!\" \"You have more than one job,\" he said. \"(Ahem) yes, but now my hours won't get cut! The babies are alive!\" And then she jumped on me , Frenching me as well. It amazes me how a bird beak, which isn't supposed to have lips, somehow gains lips when it's animated. She suddenly pulled away, looking embarrassed. \"Sorry.\" \"About what?\" I blurted. I guess the place was getting to me. Or maybe it was just my frustration about my sister, and the bird being kind of cute. It seemed she did not agree, for she suddenly turned red, and I heard rather nauseating squishing sounds. That did it. The mood was gone. Actually, I said. \"What I meant was, ` You'd better be sorry.'\" And I shoved her out of the booth. She stood on the tile floor, staring at me with little hearts popping out of her uniform. \"I thought you were disgusted by humans, and doodles sleeping with noids,\" I said. \"I am,\" she said, red faced. \"What makes you think...\" She noticed the hearts. \" Oh damn ,\" she whispered. And then, forcing more sternness into her voice, \"Look, I don't like you. It's just, with the noid-doodle hybrids and everything...\" Her beak started trembling. \" I'm very confused. \" And more hearts popped out. \"I'm sorry,\" I said. Her answer, of course, was, \"For what?\" Becoming even more red faced, she turned to speak to the lizard instead. \"We need to talk to management about getting our jobs back. We have enough to make them change their minds.\" \"You really think so?\" Me Too asked. Cupcake nodded, leading him to the door. \"Wait,\" I said to the lizard. \"About that noid office building. Were you talking about the place down the street from the dump, or is there another one?\" \"There's two of them,\" he said. \"And a few more a couple blocks down from the Slash Club.\" I cringed. \"Great. Thank you, I guess.\" As the two departed, the bird blew me a kiss, which flapped over and got me on the mouth. Right. So, kinda weird. I wasn't even sure she knew that Amanda was my sister, or if she just liked stealing people's boyfriends. I really didn't go for the poopy pants thing anyway. I marched up to the goat. \"Hey, Mr. H,\" I said as Drew Scout. \"Have you seen Amanda around lately?\" He frowned, looking rather tense. \"I'm sorry, she's...not the kind of character that patronizes this establishment.\" I rolled my eyes. \"What about Vanessa Vixx?\" \" She and her noid friend...may have come by just a few hours ago... \" I flickered human. The goat's demeanor suddenly turned grandfatherly. \"I knew you two were destined to be together. Little Amanda... I can scarcely recognize her anymore. I'm glad she finally found a soul mate. \" \"Soul mate nothing,\" I said. \"I'm her brother. \" Mr. Hoofnagel shrugged. \"Maybe that's what she needed.\" Mac Daddy popped out of my dress, fluttering over to the goat. \"Alex?\" \"Shreveport?\" the goat answered. \"Is that you?\" \"Lex! You old goat!\" Mr. H looked worried now. \"What happened to your beak?\" \"Miss Terious captured me and used me as her slave. Long story, but at least I'm free now. How about you?\" The goat cleaned a glass like a stereotypical movie bartender. \"Oh, same old, same old.\" He pointed a hoof at me. \"Is that your friend?\" \"Yes,\" he said. \"He's been trying to help my son. \" Hoofnagel sighed and shook his head. \" Shreveport . You always did keep the strangest friends.\" \"It's Mac Daddy now,\" the bird corrected. \"The noid named me. \" Mr. H's eyes widened. I raised my hands defensively. \"Actually, I think Shreveport is a much better name.\" \"Yes,\" said the bird. \"But it didn't come from you.\" I sighed. \"What about Daddy Shreves? Or maybe Shrevemac?\" Shreveport looked indifferent. \"Just don't call me late for dinner!\" Hoofnagel leaned toward the bird conspiratorially. \"Did you know he's Amanda's sister?\" Daddy Shreves gawked at me. \"Little Amanda?\" \"She's big Amanda now.\" The goat cupped his hoof toward the bird, intending for me not to hear, but I heard anyway. \" I think they're sleeping together. \" Shreve gave me a wheezy old man laugh. \"If he wants to do that , it's his business.\" Irritated with the both of them, I pulled my phone out of my button coat and called Dane. It rang several times, going to voicemail. \"Oh great,\" I groaned. \"This is perfect.\" \"Dane,\" I said after the beep. \"I'm stuck at Hoofnagel's. Can you please get someone to pick me up?\" She picked up in the middle of my speech. \"What are you doing over there?\" I told her what happened to me. \"All right,\" she said. \"We'll be over in a minute.\" And then I waited. \"Mr. Deebes,\" said the goat. \"Come over here. There's something I want to show you.\" \"How do you...?\" I began, but I stopped when I supposed he knew my sister's last name. Mr. H unfolded a newspaper on the counter, showing me the want ads section. \"You were asking about the strange new buildings in town. I believe these are the ones.\" There were more than I realized. In addition to Legitimate Solutions Services Inc, and Ewes Bank, there was a Navient, a Sunfresh and a Treasure Chest Printing LLC. You could tell they were real, and not fictional, by the serious, rather uninteresting way they phrased their ads, followed by the letters EOE. Even `Ewes' had that dry corporate flavor, hinting that it wasn't as cartoony as it sounded. The other businesses, like Acme, all sounded rather suspicious, like, \"Mad Scientist's Lab assistant wanted. Massive growth opportunity !\" or, \"Taffy Puller Machine Tech needed. Must be flexible .\" Of course, I also saw ads saying \"Safe sex - get paid\", \"Work from home, make money - be your own boss,\" or \"Take a survey, win cash\", but those are suspicious in both worlds. \"Mind if I take this?\" I asked. When he handed it over, I glanced at the front page, some story about the baby farms and that bird I just talked to. I only watched a little of its animated picture before I heard the door chimes and saw Dane walking in. \"Drew?\" I waved to her. \"Hey.\" \"Nice outfit,\" she said with a grin. \"It probably looks better when you're in your animated form.\" I decided it best not to `bite the hand that drives me'. \"Yeah, probably.\" Dane smiled and waved at the goat. \"Hey, Mr. H.\" And then she frowned at me. \"So your bird buddy's in trouble?\" I nodded. \"Yeah.\" \"Damn. Let's go ask Amanda.\" My sister was waiting outside in Chips. Since Dane took the front passenger seat, she had to pull a lever and make a small motorcycle seat pop out in the back for me to sit on. As she started up the engine and drove down the street, I told her about my predicament. \"That's terrible! That poor bird!\" \"We've got to do something,\" I said. \"But the cops aren't going to help. I already tried.\" \"Put up the Bat Signal!\" Dane said. \"Or call for Underdog!\" Amanda shook her head. \"Batman won't help animals. I already tried that once. And...I've called for Underdog too many times. He won't come anymore. I...think we're going to have to deal with this one on our own.\" Dane sighed. \"Someone nabbed your bird friend?\" I heard a voice calling from the back. Riffraff had been reclining on Amanda's bed the whole time. He sat up, looking at me with pity. \"Yeah,\" I said. \"I tried to help, but Miss Terious's thugs got me. I barely made it out alive.\" The cat rubbed his chin, looking worried. \"Have you thought about calling Sonic the Hedgehog? He's into saving boids. \" \"He's too busy,\" Amanda said. \"He has to save lots of animals all over the place.\" \"But he can run fast ,\" Dane urged. Amanda frowned. \"Not that fast . And if he's tied up... \" \"You should at least try.\" My sister sighed. \"All right. I'll send him a message, but I don't know if it will do any good.\" Dane snapped her fingers. \"The Ninja Turtles!\" \"No,\" I said. \"The last time I met them, they beat the crap out of me.\" \"What about the Rescue Rangers? They help animals.\" \"Uh,\" I stammered. \"I kinda helped kill Dale. I doubt they'll want to help me with anything. If we could bribe Fatcat, on the other hand...\" \"Bribe!\" Riffraff cried. \"You took out a loan to pay for a car!\" \"This place is full of superheroes,\" Dane said. \"Surely you can find someone...\" Amanda let out a heavy sigh. \"I'm sorry. It's not that easy. We should go see dad. He'll know what to do.\" Riffraff tugged on my outfit. \"I see you found the slave shop.\" \"Yeah,\" I groaned. \"I found it, all right.\" He pointed to the paper I had clutched in the crook of my arm. \"What's that?\" \"Want ads. I gotta pay for the car somehow.\" I paused. \"Of course, I saw a few things that look suspicious. I think we're going to have to take a brief detour.\"[Chapter 46] Amanda had on her rubber ears again, and under her t-shirt and schoolgirl skirt, rubber leggings, and probably every other piece of the costume, since she also wore the glove sleeves. I guess she still had hopes of getting in my pants again, but it had to be hot and sweaty under all of that. The computer directed us to `Treasure Chest', a sprawling one floor concrete warehouse with loading docks to one side of the entrance. A couple real Hispanic guys sat on the edge of the dock, feet dangling over the truck dock bumpers as they stared into the cartoon landscape, pointing at things and jabbering away. I saw a skinny white guy in a truck talking to someone on a radio, or, at least, trying to . A block down from there, we found a glass and concrete structure with a big sign reading Prevenient Insurance. We also buzzed by a couple more places. Legitimate Solutions Services Inc. was a two story brownstone structure that shared its upper portion with the Proctology Institute's administrative offices and National Unitarian College. Its neighbor, despite the weird name, looked like your average banking juggernaut. People crowded within its fenced in smokers patio, taking in the sights. \"It's like an amoeba engulfing a protozoa or something,\" I said. \"Cool World just swallowed them.\" \"You recognize this stuff?\" Dane asked. I shook my head. \"Sadly, yes. Still, I suppose it's better than the Las Vegas incident.\" \"Seen enough?\" Amanda said. I frowned. \"I hope so.\" The geography of Cool World is very confusing. We had to take the flying Owlmobile to get from dad's place to Holli's, but it seemed to be a lot shorter distance by car. In a couple minutes, we traversed a vast desert, parking in the fancy green cul-de-sac in front of the Frank Lloyd Deebes estate, staring at a marble fountain bearing the carved naked image of Holli. Dad stood out in the desert about a kilometer away with his lawn chair, a table with umbrella drinks, and an easel containing painter's supplies, no canvas. It was at this easel he stood, painting...the air. At first, it didn't make sense, his gestures the act of a mad symphony conductor, but as I watched him waving a horsehair sable dripping with cadmium yellow, I noticed a bright yellow blob streaking across the sky. It reminded me strangely of What Dreams May Come with Robin Williams. Dad dipped the brush head in turpentine until it was clean, then touched the blob with matte black. In a matter of minutes, it developed into an elaborately decorated dirigible, brilliant and sparkling like a jewel in the blue-purple evening air. In real life, I knew for a fact my dad wasn't God, but here... \"Even I'm not that crazy,\" I muttered. Dad gently placed his brush in turpentine, turning around to investigate the sound. He looked startled to see me. \"Son!\" The man frowned when he noticed my outfit. \"I see you're having fun. \" I shrugged. \" I lost a bet. Uh, listen. One of my friends is in trouble. I was hoping you could help. I tried the police department, but Harris...\" \"He always was a dick,\" Dad said. I told him about Extra and the factory, and while I did this, a little monkey in a suit swapped his drinks. Dad sighed, plopping down in his lawn chair. He pointed to the blimp. \"What do you think? Kind of a throwback to Winsor McCay. Good?\" Noting my blank expression, he said, \" Little Nemo in Slumberland . First real comic book ever made. Of course, it was more of a Sunday paper fold-out...\" \"Wow!\" Dane said. \"That's awesome!\" Dad smiled. He offered her the brush. \"Here. You're an artist. Why don't you try something?\" She frowned. \"Paints really aren't my forte. I do photography and graphics. Pen and ink drawings. That kind of thing.\" He clapped his hands and the monkey rushed to his side like the Roadrunner when it stops for bird seed. Dad ordered it to bring out a set of drawing supplies, and it was off. I felt a little insulted that he didn't let me try, but he never really encouraged me to do art. I let it pass. \"My bird is going to lose his beak. What should I do?\" Dad smirked. \"Buy him another one?\" I rolled my eyes. \"Funny.\" He cupped his hands around his mouth and sang, \" A cry goes out both far and near for Underdog! Underdog! \" And then we waited. The monkey handed Dane a set of pencils, pens and markers. \"So you just draw in the air or something?\" Dad shrugged. \"More or less.\" I felt a twinge of jealousy as I watched him show her how to paint the sky. \"He's not going to come,\" Amanda said. \"I told you Underdog doesn't like me.\" After a few more minutes, just as we all were about to give up, a brilliant flash, like a comet, came streaking down from the sky. And then there was Spider Pig. That ordinary dumb pig from The Simpsons Movie . With a cape. As usual, the animal was not a conversationalist. \"Oh well. It was worth a shot,\" Dad said. The caped hairless swine grunted unintelligibly. \"Surely there's another superhero we can call besides Under Pig,\" I said. \"You have to realize that a sweatshop full of little birdies isn't something a serious superhero would bother with. Most Marvel and DC characters won't touch it.\" \"Then get a comedic superhero,\" Dane said. \"Like The Tick.\" \"That's no good,\" I said. \"He'd bumble through everything and make a mess. Probably get us captured or something.\" \"I'm afraid you're not going to find many serious characters to help you,\" said Dad. \"Unless they're animals.\" Dane had just created a flying death ship. Skulls and guns and heavy metal decor. It looked like something from Metalocalypse . \"What about the Samurai Pizza Cats?\" she asked. I shook my head. \"No way. They're in the bumbling category.\" On the top deck of the death ship, a group of zombie-like figures played musical instruments, their speakers belting out the opening riffs to For Whom the Bell Tolls. I pointed to it. \"Can we use that thing? \" Dad seemed hesitant. \"I...probably wouldn't. I've actually tried something like that before.\" \"What about Starfox or Bucky O' Hare?\" Amanda shook her head. \"We call those types of characters `spacelocked.' They are too busy fighting wars and such out in space to bother with us on the ground.\" \"The Ninja Turtles,\" Dad said. \"You used to love them. You were always bringing those dolls to Visitation.\" \"That's not going to work,\" I said. \"Master Splinter kissed my ass.\" \"He did what !\" Dad cried. I turned into Kimono Rat. \"I meant kicked . He kicked my ass.\" Dad gave me a strange look. \"Did he kiss you or kick you?\" I rolled my eyes. \" He attacked me . So naturally I'm hesitant to go asking him for anything.\" \"I wouldn't either,\" Riffraff remarked. \"If he attacks you and kisses you on the rump, there's no telling what that guy might do! \" \"Do you want me to put you in a cat box?\" I growled. The feline raised his paws defensively. \"I just went.\" Dad paused in thought. \"Remember that Disney movie about the mice who rescue an orphan girl from a wicked lady in a swamp?\" I nodded. \"I wouldn't know how to call them. The same goes for the Great Mouse Detective. Plus I think I killed Watson. Anyways, if there's a cat, those guys are history.\" Dad jumped to his feet. \"I got an idea. Let's go in the house.\" And so, with the exception of Dane, we marched across the desert to the house. Dane was too obsessed with creating things to come along. Even when Riffraff got bored and left her, she remained at the easel. Dad lead me into the little dojo with the Kung Fu rabbit. It wasn't Usagi Yojimbo, by the way. The rabbit came from an obscure computer game I could never beat because of the main character's molasses slow movements, and his inability to avoid pits. Or deadly flying suriken. It turns out it was just a problem with my computer's processor. In Cool World, he had better reflexes and speed. That's how he could pull off those Matrix stunts. His head was elongated like a real rabbit, his eyes more on the sides of his head, his tongue sticking out from beneath his large frontal incisors. He cinched his black belt around his white karate school gi as Dad explained how I was going to be trained as a martial artist. \"How about we just bring him along and have him do it ?\" I asked. \"He has to defend my house,\" Dad said. \"Plus, what if he gets captured and you have to do it yourself?\" \"I don't know,\" I said. \"You're fighting Miss Terious. She's not Doctor Doom. Your sister started on a villain just like her.\" He turned to his daughter. \"Who was it again? Judge Minx? Judge Munoz?\" \"Myxo,\" she said. \"Evil rabbit with powerful weapons. That's why dad originally hired Chi Chang.\" \"Still,\" I said. \"I really don't know if I can do all that. I got captured last time...\" \"I'm going to tell you the same thing I told your sister when someone stole her lunch money at school a long time ago,\" Dad said. \"You're in Cool World. There isn't regular emergency service. The police, as you have learned, are good for nothing. There's no ASPCA, no PETA. Nothing. If someone steals your car, you get it back. It's like the old west. The key is preparation.\" \"He's right,\" said Amanda. \"And Ninja Rabbit is a really good teacher. I think this might help.\" \"When your sister was animated, she was an excellent fighter,\" the rabbit said. \"I'm still an excellent fighter,\" my sister replied with a scowl. She walked over to a stack of wooden boards, slamming them with a right handed chop. \"Ow! That hurts! \" Sighing, I approached the stack. \"My Tekwando skills are a little rusty, but...\" I did that breath thing you do before chopping. I'm not sure what it does exactly, softens it with chi? I raised a human knife hand, but when it swung down, it was animated and furry. Five boards shattered under my karate chop. I staggered backwards in surprise. Riffraff, and Dane, who had slipped in without my noticing, clapped appreciatively. \"Wow,\" I gasped. \"I've never been able to do that.\" \"How about this?\" Amanda said, coming at me with a straight punch. Without thinking, I blocked it, sending her to the floor with a sweep kick. As I stared at her sprawled out on the floor, I could see under her skirt, the skin tight rubber leggings attached to garters, and that rubber thong, but all I was thinking was how I shouldn't know how to knock someone to the floor like that. \"I know Kung Fu!\" \"Show me,\" the rabbit said in a Lawrence Fishbourne voice. I followed him to a kumite mat, we bowed, and suddenly I hear someone playing Spybreak by the Propellerheads. The first minute was great. Suddenly fuzzy and clad in a white karate gi, I threw a punch, blocked the rabbit's attack, then popped him in the face, using a counter strike. My friends and family cheered me on. But then he caught my foot as I tried a wheel kick to his head, and it's like I'm Popeye with his spinach power depleted. I got thrown through a paper screen, emerging as Little Kid Drew in a karate outfit. With a yell, I charge at him, swinging my fists. Ninja rabbit just stepped aside, letting me slam into a practice dummy. I try again, and hit another screen. Dad didn't complain. I guessed he could just draw them back in. \"Stop trying to hit me and hit me!\" the rabbit yelled. I got angrier, punching and kicking and everything I could think of, but he just flung me into a post. \"Stop trying to hit me and hit me!\" As a human, I charged and took a swing. He bowled me over. \"A car has fire in its engine,\" he says as we circle each other. \"If fire erupts from the wrong place, the engine burns and the car goes nowhere. Your anger is a fire.\" \"Do you give this Zen mumbo jumbo to all your students, or am I special?\" I gave him my best karate punch, and he dodged it. \"You are special like a boy from a short bus. Channel your anger like a piston.\" I kicked. He swept me to the floor. \"I was wrong. A boy from a short bus fights better than you. Breathe. The fire of the dragon burns outward, not inward.\" I breathed using that Chinese technique where you make a bowl with your hands and lift it up as you inhale, spreading your hands out and down as you exhale. I breathed. I kicked. I did a left - right combo that didn't connect. \"Stop trying to hit me and hit me!\" He's a frigging broken record. And so I hit him. A lot. I threw him into a post. Sprawled on the floor, the rabbit groaned, \"Your Kung Fu is good!\" Dad put a hand on my shoulder. \"I think you're ready.\"[Chapter 47] Sneezer had been watching from the door the whole time. Clad in a smart little black vest, a button shirt and slacks, he looked twice as mature as he'd been originally. He almost looked cute, if I were into that sort of thing...which I wasn't...I think. Upon seeing such an impressive display of fighting prowess, his eyes turned into Valentine hearts, his body drifting across the room without touching the ground until he landed in front of me. \" Wow ,\" he breathed. I rolled my eyes. \"Yeah. Wow. Now that you know what I'm capable of, you might want to keep your hands to yourself.\" Sneezer swallowed hard. My sister put a hand on his shoulder. \"I'm sure he, she's only joking.\" \"Am I?\" I said, sounding a lot less certain than I meant to be. \"Amanda...\" I scolded. \"What? You'd make a cute couple.\" I was about to say `what about us,' but I wasn't sure I wanted to go down that road, either. I decided to pretend this little scene didn't happen. \"Dad, what about guns?\" I asked. \"I'd feel more comfortable about this rescue if I had some guns.\" \"Do you even know how to fire a gun?\" \"Not exactly,\" I said. \"But it won't matter at close range.\" \"You do realize you're in a comic book world.\" I said, \"Why does that matter?\" He crossed his arms. \"If this place deems that you are a PG type character, you won't be able to kill anyone with a gun, even if you can knock a fly off of a beer bottle a mile away. Plus, regardless of whether that is your curse or not, some villains are immune to bullets. Pull out a machine gun, and you can blast an outline of their body into a wall and never once hit them. The best you'll be able to do is maim them.\" \"I don't care,\" I said. Shrugging, he led me down a paper screen hallway to a door flanked by a pair of open mouthed monkey statues with chemical symbols on their bellies. A circular stained glass window above the door depicted a zodiac. Dad reached into one of the mouths, pushing a sequence of buttons arranged to look like the periodic table. \"Seriously?\" I said. \"What happens if you forget a formula?\" Dad pushed buttons in the other monkey's mouth. \"Then I'm drunk or really tired, and shouldn't have a weapon.\" I frowned. \"That makes sense... I guess. \" He pulled one of the monkey's paws upwards, changing the rotation of the zodiac. \"Some people have safes and combination locks,\" I said. \"That's great in the real world,\" Dad said, typing in another formula. \"But everyone in Cool World knows how to crack safes. Nobody knows the chemical equation for bleach or a fatty acid. \"Whiskers clued me in on this after my armory got robbed a few years ago. In Cool World, any science above high school level is indistinguishable from magic, meaning that the average animated scientist doesn't know the first thing about doing science for real.\" \"You only have a GED,\" I pointed out. \"A lot of famous people through history have been self taught. Frankly, that's the only education I can get here. I study so my brain doesn't turn to mush. It's kind of like I left one prison for another.\" \"Then why don't you go back?\" I said. As if in response, he turned into an animated clown. \"`Yes, sir. I take your banking products very seriously indeed.'\" And then he honked his nose. \"`I'm sorry to inform you of this, madam, but the tumor in your husband's brain has spread. We're not sure how long he'll last in this condition.'\" He honked his nose twice. He gave me a frown. \"That's why.\" He cleared his throat. \"Abraham Lincoln was self taught. So was Bill Gates.\" I sighed. \"` To thyself be true .'\" \"He showed me the Land of Lost Stuff,\" Amanda said. Dad solved a quadratic equation, and the wall opened up, revealing a metal chamber full of guns. \"Don't tell the FBI,\" Dad joked. \"Felons aren't supposed to be armed.\" The weapons looked fancy and strange, some resembling six shooters from cowboy films, if the cowboys had been punk rockers, mad scientists or space aliens. I saw gatling guns, rifles, flintlocks, uzis and chainsaws, but they all looked super artsy, like something a kid from The Art Institute would take down to a rodeo, probably while wearing a rhinestone vest and leather pants. \"Awesome,\" Dane said, pulling down a sawed off shotgun ornately decorated with skulls in a Dia De Los Muertos motif. Dad grinned, letting her keep the gun. I grabbed a pistol, stuffing it in my pocket before realizing the mistake. \"Shit,\" I said. Dad frowned. \"What is it now.\" I pulled out a long string of colored handkerchiefs. \"The gun's gone.\" \"What? What do you mean, gone?\" I told him about Hammer Space. He didn't seem too terribly upset, probably because the guns were drawings, more or less. Instead he just stared at me. \"You actually went there ?\" I said, \"Yeah? I thought I already explained how I got to the factory where they're holding Extra...\" \"I thought if someone went in there, they'd be crushed to death by bowling balls or boats or some other random objects.\" \"No...\" I replied. Dad shook his head, handing me a small automatic pistol in one of those police type strap holsters. I strapped it on the back of my kimono, figuring the Conceal part of Conceal and Carry wasn't possible. \"You might want a silencer.\" Dad pulled one off a rack, screwing it onto my machine gun. Without a word, Amanda casually stripped down to her rabbit suit. Dad shook his head in disapproval, but I found myself staring. Looking indifferent, my sister strapped on a strange kind of gun belt that pointed both barrels at her crack, shoving a couple large guns with silencers into the holsters. \"Are you going to wear that to the battle?\" Dane asked. Amanda shrugged. \"Why.\" The other girl only smirked. \"No reason.\" \"Would you wear something different?\" Dane chuckled. \"I guess not.\" And then, \"You think I could get something like that made for me?\" \"No,\" I said, but Amanda told her, \"I think that can be arranged.\" I cringed. \"Let's do that some other time.\" I examined a rack of samurai swords. \"Dad, what do we have to cut chains and handcuffs with?\" Amanda pulled a device resembling a pipe wrench off the wall. \"Will this do? It's a carbon laser torch.\" She demonstrated its use by slicing a piece of metal like an apple. I chuckled. \"I hope!\" She handed me the cutter, secured in a handy carrying holster. \"Wait,\" said Dane. \"Remember that scene from Roger Rabbit where he gets out of the handcuffs?\" I thought about it a minute, turning the holster over in my hands. \"If they could do that,\" I said. \"Why aren't they already out?\" Shreve popped out of my dress. \"Miss Terious has put Humor Dampers on all our restraints.\" I narrowed my eyes. \"Humor Dampers?\" The bird nodded. \"Each cuff has been laser engraved with in-depth thoughtful analysis of several jokes, explaining why they are funny.\" \"Blah-ffy Taffy,\" I groaned. \"Can't you just tell a different joke and break them out?\" Dane asked. Shreve shook his head. \"Many have tried, but the cuffs have been made in such a way that you can't possibly break free unless you come up with funnier versions of all the printed jokes, and they're mostly inside the cuff where you can't even see them anyway.\" \"I don't get it,\" I said. \"How does Miss Terious unshackle them? You know, to kill them, or move them to a different station?\" \"She uses a key.\" Giving my head another vigorous shake, I said, \"And you're certain this carbon torch thing will work.\" \"Your guess is as good as mine,\" Shreve said. \"Sometimes magpies have been able to pick the locks. Some lucky ones were even able to escape, but twice as many get caught.\" \"So..\" I said. \"The only special thing about them is the jokes?\" \"I believe so.\" \"I hope you're right.\" \"What other types of weapons do we got?\" I asked Amanda. \"Well...\" she said. \"The Owlmobile has a handful of interesting explosives, a very weird anti-theft alarm, and a secret compartment full of Owl Vibrators.\" I stared at her. \"I'm not sure I want an explanation.\" \"Yeah, I don't get that last one either,\" Amanda said. \" They're really scratchy. Even the feathery ones. \" Dad and I exchanged uncomfortable looks. \"Okay,\" I stammered. \"At least there's explosives.\" \"The most direct route to Extra is from the back entrance,\" I told Amanda as we were walking out. \"But I don't see how we can get there. I had to go to Hammerspace and have Miss Terious drag me further down, or in, or wherever it was.\" \" The Owlmobile can fly ,\" Amanda said. \"So...just fly over the roof, then?\" She nodded. And so we marched on down to the garage, climbing into the feather duster on wheels...and wings. \"Leave the vertical stabilizer out,\" Dad said through the open window as we were getting in. \"Also, I think there's a break in the power steering line. It's okay in the air, but I wouldn't recommend driving it on the street too much. It turns, but you really got to fight it.\" He shrugged. \"Even in Cool World, Luminas are a piece of junk.\" \"But they're so roomy !\" my sister said. Dad sighed. \"That's why it's yours.\" Amanda didn't react, so I assumed she already owned it and just kept it in dad's garage for safekeeping or something. He wasn't lying. Amanda had to put effort into wrenching the steering wheel to the left, just to avoid hitting the side of the garage, and even then, she broke off the passenger side mirror. \" That's not passing inspection!\" Dane remarked. We drove at an angle through the desert, our course not straightening out until we became airborne. The Owl Mobile swooped over the rooftops of twisting buildings, busy streets and factories. The giant rotating kookoo on the roof came into view, with its innocent looking storefront framed on one side by a grandfather clock. When we passed over the factory, the sky rippled like we were flying through a wall of water. Dane stared. \"What's that?\" Amanda steered the vehicle lower. \"We're crossing into Hammer Space.\" I heard a rumble, and the sky grew dark. \"Uh-oh. That's not good.\" We'd run into a storm, but it wasn't you run of the mill precipitation. Instead, I saw a shower of suited men in bowlers, exactly like that painting by Rene Magritte. They landed on buildings like limp two hundred pound rag dolls, breaking sky lights and knocking objects off rooftops. \"Great,\" I muttered. \"It's raining men.\" A pair of laser cannons popped out of the roof of the Knickknocker place, blasting several of these men to bloody bits. The kookoo spun around to face us, the laser guns aiming threateningly at our vehicle. A second later, I saw blood pouring down the windows. It seemed we had bowler men dropping down on us, and we didn't even know it. Someone in the building had just spared us from a nasty collision. As Amanda brought our vehicle in lower, a windowless wooden `skylight' slowly opened on the factory roof, and a big kookoo clock emerged from the surrounding building. The whole thing reminded me of some kind of giant Transformer toy. The hands turned to twelve, and a helicopter landing pad shot out of its door. It reminded me strangely of that scene from Star Wars where they met Billy Dee Williams in the cloud city. \"Should we land?\" Amanda asked. Dane grinned. \"Totally!\" \"No,\" I said. \"It's either a trap, or a potential trap once they find out we're not Owl Woman.\" \"What does Owl Woman do?\" Dane asked. I rolled my eyes. \" Collect overdue books. More importantly, she's the mother of one of Miss Terious's friends. Land in the back next to the trucks.\" Amanda dropped the vehicle lower. \"So much for the element of surprise.\" The Owlmobile's jet thrusters turned ninety degrees, gently slowing our descent like some kind of fancy VTOL aircraft. We settled on the blacktop unmolested. Well, except for the bowler hat guy slamming into our roof. The windows were so red you could barely see out. It was like we'd parked in a vampire car wash. \"Did you say we had explosives?\" I said as a flood of red gushed down the window. Amanda opened a panel on the wall, and a bunch of gray and orange vibrators fell to the floor. \"Oops! Wrong one.\" She shoved them back in the compartment, but I could hear one of them buzzing angrily behind the closed lid. \"I forgot I moved this stuff around.\" She placed an owl shaped paperweight in a socket on the floor, then spun it around like she were trying to open a combination lock on a gym locker. A Stow and Go storage compartment is not a feature of a Lumina APV, but neither are wings and a library kiosk. Inside the compartment, I saw hundreds of what appeared to be large Book It! pins. \"Is she that desperate for free pizza?\" I asked. Amanda didn't get the joke. \"Look,\" I said. \"I don't think telling an evil henchman to read five books in exchange for a personal pan is going to solve anything.\" \"Really?\" said Dane. \"You'd think that would actually work!\" Amanda turned one of the buttons over, showing me a rather unfriendly looking electronic device. I could see the black letter C and the number 4 printed on part of it. \"I'm not really sure that's what they mean by `bombard them with literature.'\" \"They give you a pizza for reading books?\" my sister asked, bewildered, maybe jealous. \"Only if you're in first grade,\" I said. \"When you grow up, you find reading has its own reward, such as a six figure income, when you've studied enough to get a Masters Degree in Medical Science, or Biochemistry. Anything medical, in fact.\" \"What about art?\" I shrugged. \"You can win the Daily Double on Jeopardy.\" She clipped a handful of them to her gun belt. \"How do they work?\" I asked. \"You just stick them to something and push down.\" \"What if they stick to your pocket?\" She shrugged. \"They don't.\" And she pointed to the buttons on her belt. \"Right,\" I said, \"Cartoon logic.\" I stuck one in the pocket of my Harry Potter costume I suddenly wore, again forgetting how unreliable my pockets were. I tried to pull it out again, but only ended up with a bag full of Bertie Bott's Every Flavor Jellybeans, and only the grass, earwax and sweaty feet flavored ones. I threw it away. \"Here's the plan. I'll try the lock, and if Miss Terious has changed the combination, you use one of these bombs. Once we're in, I'll try to free those birds. I'd like you to set some bombs on those machines once the birds are clear so the villainess can't set up operations again.\" \"What about me?\" Dane asked, waving her gun. \"You can cover me,\" I said, then gave Riffraff a sideways glance. \"Your pet can help.\" \"Hey!\" Riffraff protested. \"I'm not anyone's-\" The girl smiled at him. \"Okay, so I agree with the plan, but don't nobody say she's my owner. We're just friends. \" \"What will I be doing?\" Sneezer asked. I frowned. \"I guess you can sneeze on some of the machines or something.\" Amanda handed the mouse a container of pepper. \"Uh...\" he stammered. \"About that...\" \"What now?\" I said with a sigh. \"Did growing up make you lose that amazing superpower or something?\" \"Yes and no,\" he said. \"It's still sort of like before, but...\" \"It's weaker,\" I guessed. \"Not really. It's...hard to explain.\" \"Fine,\" I said. \"Just sniff your pepper around those machines and...cover them with snot or blow them up or something.\" I opened the sliding door. \"Let's do this thing.\" The moment I said this, another bowler hat man hit the pavement in front of me. Making sure to look up at all times, I rushed to the back door, typing in the sequence of numbers Extra had taught me. Despite my helpful suggestion, nobody had changed the security code. The door clicked open. I silently waved for Sneezer to hold the door as I darted behind an assembly line for the manufacture of door frames carved by a pair of owls, a crow and a handful of assorted birds from the corvidae family. Breathing in calm, controlled breaths, I knocked out the faceless blue guardians with a few snap kicks, hammerfists and a chop. A second later, I was freeing the owl and a row of birds. The laser cutter performed its task exceptionally well, despite nicking the prisoner a couple times. They had no difficulty with the anti-joke locks. I supposed the words `It's Kind Of Funny' printed on the handle had something to do with it. As I dashed to the kookoo clock assembly station, the owls sang the chorus to Miss You by The Rolling Stones. Appropriate, since the original singers already sounded owl-like. Amanda darted through the door, whipping out her silencer pistol. She felled another guard in a smooth point and click motion. A pair of newly freed birds joined in the chorus. For a few minutes, I ceased to be me. I was a Saturday morning cartoon about a Kung Fu French maid rat, slow motion kicking ass as a flock of emancipated birds flocked around me and sang Miss You . Amanda slapped Book It! bombs on the machinery, the log sawing station exploding silently as Sneezer, by means of the black pepper, blasted a cluster of poor birdies free from the circular saw. Okay, so the birds may have been magically transformed into creepy looking mushroom people, but at least they were free. I'd have to have a little chat with Sneezer about his nasal sorcery later. I beat up the Space Jams bullies, freeing Extra. The bird nuzzled me, then dove into my dress as I set the other prisoners free. Station after station exploded. I thought I was doing good until I reached the last assembly stage in the building, where a grandmotherly looking bird and two chicks worked between a pair of sorry looking sparrows, crafting dresser knobs. The moment I touched the cutter to Granny's cuff, a knife edged throwing star made of bone came flying at my hand, cutting me as it knocked my tool to the floor. The music stopped. I spun around and saw a tall pale figure in a long black robe crisscrossed with chains. It looked like a lop eared albino rabbit, except it had two sets of eyes, no nose or hair, and its mouth looked like something that belonged on a cockroach. He had appeared out of a cloud of smoke, from who knows where. \"Someone's going to have to pay for these damages.\" \"I would,\" I replied. \"But I don't approve of animal cruelty.\" \"Judge Myxo!\" Amanda gasped. She fired more than a dozen rounds at the creature, but they all missed, probably because he was the minor henchman. \"So you're my sister's arch nemesis,\" I said. The creature grinned. \" She has a sister? How interesting!\" I picked up my torch, cutting Granny free. Myxo threw another bone suriken, but I caught it expertly between my fingers, flinging it back. The weapon embedded itself in Myxo's robe. He uttered a curse. \"You have no idea who you are messing with!\" I shrugged. \"Probably not. But, considering the fact I've seen a dozen movies that use that same line, and the line is normally said by a woman...\" I resumed work on freeing the bird chicks like he wasn't there. I flickered human for a minute, whistling Miss You until I turned into a doodle again. Instead of turning into Ninja Maid, I looked down and saw I was one of the Gummi Bears . Furry, yellow, clad in sort of medieval-esque peasant rags. I doubted I had any Gummi Berry Human Growth Hormone cocktails in my pockets, so this form didn't seem all that useful. Still, it was animated. \"Stop ignoring me!\" Myxo yelled, throwing another blade weapon. I tried to block, but being some sort of simple minded female bear, I ended up with a blade stuck in my arm. When I pulled it free, I was real, and bleeding from a real wound. It's strange to think of singing songs that really annoy me as a survival trait, but I was now protecting myself with Mamma Mia and Do Wah Diddy Diddy . Judge Myxo suddenly let out an evil laugh. When I looked back to see what was so funny, I saw him reading from a card: \"And the mystic Egypt tossle dangling down,\" he read. \"Old sleeper man, shish, don't wake him. Up one hand broom star was an obi man revered throughout the bone knob land.\" I stared at him like he'd grown another nose. \"What?\" \"Don't listen to him!\" Amanda shouted, but it was too late. \"His magic black purse slit creeped open, let go flocks of them. Shish sookie singabus, snored like a red merry go round horse...\" \"Don't listen!\" my sister repeated. \"He's using the Magic Band of Beefheart!\" The next moment, I was completely human. The illogical juxtaposition of the poetry did it. While Mamma Mia was brainless enough to make me animated, the magically psychedelic lyrics forced my brain to attempt comprehension, which disrupted the thoughtlessness. Myxo's skeletal hand flashed out, and I had a real looking bone blade sticking through my non-animated chest. \"Splendid,\" the creature said. \"It works just as well as it did on your sister.\" He didn't walk, he drifted closer, like a ghoulish specter or a nun in a comedy film. \"...And an acid gold bar swirled up and down, up and down, in back of the singabus, and the pantaloon duck white goose neck quacked, webcore, webcore.\"[Chapter 48] Myxo's weapon was real somehow. For this reason, it had penetrated whatever cartoon defenses I may have had. I tried singing the theme song to TV's Maude , but it didn't make me feel any better, or remove the obstruction. I staggered backwards, grabbing the edge of a destroyed assembly station for support. This was no surface wound. It was in there deep, and not in a safe spot like the meat of my shoulder or my arm. My heartbeat was irregular, I was having difficulty breathing, and I was in a lot of pain. I hoped this was only a panic attack, but then I had been wounded. Honestly, I was trying to run away. It had been fun playing a hero for awhile, but I hadn't intended to die over it. I know a few things about first aid, and one of them is that you don't always want to rip a deadly piece of rebar or a harpoon out of your body, because there's a chance that the action of pulling it out will make the wound worse, maybe even puncture a vital organ. Myxo's weapon could have any number of breakable parts, or fish hook-like serrated edges. Better to play it safe. Of course, I figured I'd probably die before anyone could get me to a capable surgeon anyway. ...Or perish on the operating table beneath the incompetent hands of The Simpson's Doctor Hibbert and Daffy Duck in a surgical mask. I thought it foolish to rip it out like some guy in an action movie, so I left it in. \"No!\" Sneezer screamed, drawing a pair of pistols. The guns blazed, the bullets flew, but none of them hit the Judge. The rabbit either did the limbo and dodged it like a Matrix character, or the bullet missed. Dane popped out with her rifle, firing off a few shots, but they strayed from the target. A moment later, I saw Myxo's hands flash out with bone suriken. \"Sneezer!\" I yelled, but it was too late. He collapsed with two of them in his chest. I heard a pissed off cat sound, then Riffraff was on the rabbit's face, clawing and scratching and growling. My sister took this opportunity to fire a few more shots. One hit the target, somewhere around the knee, and black blood sprayed from the robe. The other shots missed. The birds watched all of this from the rafters, keeping a wary distance from the action. \"Help us!\" Amanda shouted to them. Extra popped out of my shirt (now my regular apparel), blowing the cavalry charge on a bugle. The birds swooped down upon our foe. So many flapping wings got in the way that I completely lost sight of the judge and Riffraff. Amanda rushed to my side, examining my injury. I'm not sure that was proper triage, but Sneezer was animated, and I wasn't, so whatever. \"Why didn't you pull that out?\" she asked. \"Because I'm not a fan of internal hemorrhaging,\" I said. She furrowed her brow. \"So how many books did you have to read to get your six figure income?\" I groaned. \"I don't have a six figure income. I just watch a lot of medical shows.\" She gasped. \"So that's all it takes to be a doctor?\" I was flickering animated, probably because this little comedy routine was distracting me from serious things. \"No. That's actually never what it takes to be a doctor. I'm afraid I'm going to die.\" \"Why?\" she said. \"Aren't you a doctor?\" \"No. I'm definitely not a doctor.\" Before I could make a move to stop her, she yanked the object out of my chest. The blade came out covered in red paint. It didn't feel good. I definitely felt like something vital had been damaged. I sighed in frustration, glancing back in the direction of our lop eared foe. He was nowhere to be seen. Riffraff lay panting on the floor. \"Where's Myxo?\" I said. \"I don't know,\" the cat gasped. \"He went up in a puff of smoke!\" Dane frowned as she looked around the room. \"He's dead, right? We killed him. With the birds' help, right?\" \"No,\" I said. \"There's no body. He's definitely alive, and planning to kill us. Don't you read any comic books?\" Amanda reached into my pockets, pulling out a banana. \"You're bleeding.\" \"That's not going to help,\" I said. \"Just tear a piece off my clothing and tie it around the wound.\" Instead of doing that, she brought a multicolored bandanna out of my pocket. \"Okay. That will do.\" She bandaged the wound with it. \"I'm probably going to die anyway,\" I said. \"Something will rupture or get infected, and that will be it. The question is when.\" \"It may be longer than you think,\" Amanda said. \"Dad told me that Officer Harris got into a bad motorcycle accident before he came to Cool World. He says the accident happened somewhere around 1940, but Harris somehow remained young and in perfect health for more than fifty years, until the Vegas incident forced him back into your world. Then he started bleeding and everything.\" She cinched the scarf tight. \"He was one hundred percent noid. You could probably live twice that long.\" \"That's different. Isn't it? I mean, he got injured outside Cool World?\" Amanda only shrugged. I glanced over at the white shape sprawled on the floor. \"Sneezer?\" No answer. \"Sneezer!\" I shouted, hurrying to his side. It seemed, despite all the pain, I wasn't as injured as I thought, and flickering animated, I pushed myself. The mouse looked dead. Amanda and I gazed at him in sadness. My sister grabbed his chin, moving his head back and forth. Sneezer's eyes had turned into a pair of letter Xs. She put her fingers to his throat, listened to the side of his chest that didn't have blades sticking out of it. She looked at me, shaking her head. \"These weapons are real . You're part human . That's the only reason why you lived.\" Dane and Riffraff joined us around the mouse's body. \"So the mouse is gone forever?\" Dane asked. I shrugged. \"Looks like it.\" \"Wait.\" Amanda yanked the suriken out of Sneezer's chest. \"Maybe we can save him.\" She pressed her face to the bloody chest, listening for a pulse. Nothing. \"I thought that would work.\" My sister and I stared at each other. \"What now,\" I said. \"Do we have a cemetery or something?\" Amanda put a hand on my shoulder. \"You were closest to him. If anyone can save him now, it's you.\" \"Me?\" I cried in disbelief. \"What can I do?\" She pointed to Extra, raising an eyebrow. I frowned at the dead body. \"Look. I don't feel like crying. We didn't have that kind of relationship. To me honest, I didn't really like him that much.\" Amanda looked disappointed. Disappointed in me. I swallowed. \"True love's kiss,\" she blurted. \"Excuse me?\" I said. I had heard her just fine. I just didn't want to admit that I understood what she said. \"A few years ago...I had a run-in with Myxo. I almost...\" She shuddered. \" I died . But daddy, he kissed me. On the head. He was crying.\" She turned her face toward Sneezer. \"Well,\" I said. \" It's been nice knowing him. \" Amanda gave me this face that said, `Are you kidding me.' I rolled my eyes. \" Oh all right. \" And so I...gave Sneezer a chaste peck on the forehead. Nothing. \" Drew... \" Amanda urged. I glared at her. \"I'm sorry, Amanda. Sneezer's gone. \" \"Is that how you treat all your friends?\" she asked. \"Is that how you'd treat me? \" \"And who makes him sleep on a bed that drops him into a bottomless pit? I don't see you crying.\" \"He's closer to you,\" she urged. And then Extra popped out of my shirt to give his two cents. \"What happened to the master I knew? The one who cares deeply for birds and other helpless animals?\" I heard a chorus of sad `yeahs' coming from the rafters. When I looked up, a dozen bird faces pouted at me. I reddened. \"Seriously?\" \"It's just a kiss, Drew,\" Amanda said quietly. \" One kiss. \" I leaned over the body. \"You'd better not be putting me on.\" Sneezer's chest wasn't moving. This didn't seem to be a joke. It didn't look like he was playing dead to steal a kiss. I hoped. I came closer to his head. \"As the rat,\" Amanda said. \"He really liked you as a rat.\" I was flickering between Scouter Drew and my real self. \"I don't have that much control.\" \"I think you do,\" she said. \"Breathe.\" I did that little cyclic breath routine, and I was French Maid Rat again. I came closer. And closer. I touched my muzzle to his, parting his lips. I pulled away, waiting for something to happen. Nothing. \"Is that the best you can do?\" my sister asked. \"Yes,\" I said indignantly. \" Drew...\" \"Amanda!\" I cried. \"This is gross!\" \"You came so close . Just try a little bit harder . Maybe you could pretend it's me.\" \"Dammit,\" I grumbled. \" Fine. \" Pretend it's me. I really didn't want to do it. Really, really didn't want to do it. But I did it anyway. I closed my eyes, pressed my lips to his, and I pretended to be kissing... someone else . When my eyes came open, I still saw the letter X instead of Sneezer's eyes. I sighed in relief, but couldn't help but feel a teensy bit disappointed. I shook my head. \"Guys, it didn't work.\" That's when Sneezer's eyes turned back into beady little dots. His arms shot up around my neck, and he brought me down to his face, kissing me passionately. I flailed my arms, tried to push him away. Then I stopped struggling. I kissed back. What's happening to me? I thought. Oh God, what's happening to me? I closed my eyes and kissed. Do I care?[Chapter 49] Okay. In my defense, I was a female animated rodent when I kissed Sneezer. In addition to giving me Kung Fu powers, I guess it gave me estrogen or something. I quickly caught myself and pushed him back. \"Whoa, whoa!\" I cried. \"That's enough!\" The mouse gave me a mischievous smile. \"Are you telling that to me, or yourself ?\" I blushed, something that's a lot more difficult to hide when you're a doodle. \"Um, a little of both?\" I said in an embarrassed squeak. Sneezer chuckled softly, Valentine hearts popping out of his body. \"The floating guy said I wouldn't like it,\" I muttered. My form remained the way it was, like it had gotten stuck that way. I felt a stab of fear. I had no desire to live forever as a doodle, especially a female one. ...With a perverted creep of a boyfriend. Dane was staring at me, open mouthed. \"Wow. This is so weird!\" \"Tell me about it,\" Riffraff said with one paw on her jeans. \"I'm getting sexually confused.\" \"Is that why your paw is on my butt?\" Looking embarrassed, he quickly took his paw away. \"You did it!\" Amanda cheered, hugging me. \"I knew you could!\" \"Master has a big heart,\" Extra agreed. \"Yeah,\" Sneezer breathed, wrapping his arms around me. \"She does .\" I swallowed. \"It's not that big.\" I pushed him away, hiding behind my sister. I cleared my throat. \"We should get out of here. We don't know what kind of bastard is going to come crawling out of the woodwork next.\" Amanda punched me in the gut. \"Hey!\" I said. \"What the hell's that for?\" \"Let's pray you won't get to find out.\" On cue, I saw a swarm of termites scuttling out of one of those giant felled trees. They just kept coming, pouring off the log, onto the floor, in a ...suspiciously symmetrical pattern. The gods of irony at work. \"You're right,\" I said. \"I don't want to find out. We did our good turn for the day. Let's go.\" I threw the door open, ushering Amanda, Sneezer and Riffraff out, but Dane lingered among the wreckage. \"C'mon!\" I cried. Dane looked at me like I were nuts. \"Aren't you the least bit curious?\" \"Yes,\" I admitted. \"But not that damn curious . I almost got killed by a rabbit . If I face any more shit today, I'll really be dead. Let's go.\" She nodded, but then pointed at the bugs. \"Look! They're forming a boot!\" I did a double take. I saw the bugs actually assembling themselves into boot formation. \"If that's the boot,\" I said. \"I don't want to see the feet.\" Dane frowned, marching outside. I waved my feathered friends on to freedom, rushing away from there. The sky was clear. The rain of bowler hat people had passed, much to my relief. All of a sudden, I found myself in a blizzard-like cloud of feathers, like I was in the middle of a huge pillow fight. All the birds in the entire factory, all nuzzling me at once. I couldn't even see for a moment. My dress felt like one of those vibrating beds. And then I rose up in the air. I guess the birds wanted to give me a lift. It wasn't just me. I saw Dane, Amanda, Sneezer, and even Riffraff flying up with me. I glanced at my hand, did a double take. It was now covered in brown feathers. I had also grown a beak and bird legs. Kind of like Cupcake, but modeled after a robin. Humanoid. Male. Would these transformations stabilize over time? Did I want them to stabilize? Were the floating guys writing me into another romance? Like the one with Sneezer? Did they write that one? Or was it all me? I didn't know which would be worse, me... changing teams , or them making me change teams . Was this bird thing an alternative to Sneezer Hell? Or was this just some sort of costume like the French maid? When I glanced over at Dane, I noticed she had on something that looked like the Carnival costume from the movie Rio . It was cute, but I sincerely hoped the floating guys weren't trying to pair us up. Amanda still wore her bunny costume, but now it had a feathered cape and a beak like those guys in that Battle of the Planets cartoon. She could almost pass for that sorceress that lounges around in Castle Grayskull. Sneezer got a handsome Hawkman-esque costume and Riffraff ended up in... a chicken suit . The birds carried us over the building, peppering the rooftop with generous amounts of droppings. In response to the bombardment, the human raindrop destroying laser cannons popped out of the roof, blasting bursts of energy at the flock. The birds, despite their long captivity, could fly with the expert maneuvering of jet fighter pilots. Not one of them got hit. In seconds, we were out of there, soaring past the smoggy smokestacks of the Acme factory. I briefly wondered what would become of the Owlmobile, but decided that anyone who stole it would be worse off for the theft. We kept going. We passed over a few smaller factories, then a picturesque suburban metropolis. The kind that always contains at least one depressed computer generated kid with a broken home with a deep longing that can only be filled by some ridiculous father substitute, be it a robot, the Easter bunny, or a talking dog with Irritable Bowel Syndrome. Pixarland. I actually could see at least two houses on every street where a little girl or little boy paused to sigh as they pushed open their front door, or stepped out to the bus. `I have it so rough.' Shut up. Your dad didn't go to state prison for manslaughter. The birds flew on. \"Um, Extra?\" I called. The yellow bird flapped closer to me. \"Yes, master?\" \"Extra, where the hell are we going?\" \"You are a great hero to our people!\" he said. \"We only wish to take you home , to properly thank you!\" \"Home,\" I repeated. \"Yes, master. Home.\" So that's how they get there. What I didn't know was, how would I get home? The suburb ended, and we flew over a forest, pretty as a painting. Okay, so it technically was a painting. The birds, of course, had been chatting up a storm, talking about what they'd do when they got home, catching up on their old lives, conversing about Miss Terious and her henchmen, both what bad things they did and the stupid embarrassing things they did when they thought no one was looking. They mostly made plans, where to get replacement beaks and building up the Bird Military. The topics went all over the place. It seemed many really weren't that fond of singing. They just did that out of fear. But others enjoyed it, as long as they could sing what they wanted, when they wanted. A starling broke into a rendition of Beefheart's Bat Chain Puller but they got shushed, in respect to me. The trees grew taller and taller, twining together to form the scary kind of forest you see in serious parts of old Disney cartoons. Some of the trees had faces on them that stared at us as we passed by. And then we reached a clearing, with a shimmering bubbling brook and fields full of daisies and buttercups, where stereotypically cute bunny rabbits hopped around and nibbled plants. One of them had a calculator. If you've watched a few cartoons, you know where that gag was heading. In the center of this Bambi style backdrop, there stood a massive oak tree, in whose branches stood a gigantic spherical nest. This was no ordinary nest. This was a palace made to look like a nest. The branches around the palace swarmed with thousands of animated birds of every species, including penguins, for some illogical reason. They nested in the front of the palace, because the front consisted of nothing but thousands of artfully twisting branches shaped into cubbyholes and burrows. We swooped down through a gate made of beautifully twisted branches, and it was like we were in that magical tree castle from that one Narnia movie. A big cathedral-like place with a barrel vaulted bent wood ceiling, and arcades made of tree branches, one arcade actually leading to a video arcade. All around us were the sounds of joyous reunions, happy chirping and chattering. The birds deposited us on the floor, and we wandered ahead, marveling at all the strange sorts of architectural features that didn't require any tools. In every place where the walls, ceiling and floor were not covered in bent wood, the birds had stuffed every type of shiny piece of trash, from soda cans to hubcaps to tinsel. To be fair, the trash looked good the way the framed and hung it. They had scrubbed it clean of food residue and grit. It sparkled. I suppose you could call it recycling. Birds gathered around us, bowing before us, like peasants saluting royalty as we wandered down the center aisle, toward an apse-like structure at the far end. Dane giggled as a pair of pigeons nested on her shoulders, rubbing against her neck. \" You guys !\" she cried. \"All I did was free you from that little holding cell! It's okay!\" That actually caused more to lavish their affection on her. I was covered with them too. In fact, we all looked like a group of moving perches. When we reached the dome at the end of the passage, I heard a loud, oddly familiar female voice call out, \"Welcome Honored Heroes, to the Bird Palace! Capitol of the Bird Kingdom!\" The voice reverberated through the building, sounding rather impressive and intimidating. A mass of birds noisily flapped down from a hole in the dome, bearing an elaborate throne, upon which sat a very familiar looking bluebird in a fancy royal gown. \"On behalf of all birdkind,\" she said. \"I offer my most sincere thanks for your rescue of my dear subjects from the tyranny of the wicked and cruel master Miss Terious. Where is the brave and selfless hero who masterminded this operation? Send him forward so I may... reward him for his valiant efforts.\" I stared at her, unsure if I wanted to volunteer myself. Extra got behind my back, pushing me forward. \"He is here, your majesty.\" Although they had given me a bird costume, I was back in my human form now. As I approached the throne, I became convinced that I recognized her, unless this were like one of those cartoons about the identical twins. \"Auditor Cupcake?\" She frowned, her eyes widening in apparent horror. \"Oh my God. You're that man from the soda shop! \" And then she pooped herself. \"Sorry.\" She cleared her throat like she just hadn't made a number two. \"As reward for your valiant efforts, I bestow upon you the honor of Consort. (Or Royal Concubine, if you prefer).\" \"What!\" I cried. \"No!\" \"It is too late!\" she continued. \"I can't say I exactly like it myself ( too much ), but I have sworn a Bird Oath, saying that the first man, woman or thing that rescues my oppressed people from the yoke of Miss Terious's oppression will be the honored recipient of my royal love, for so long as we both shall live.\" \"Um,\" I stammered. \"I really appreciate the honor, but...I'm sorry. I can't.\" I glanced nervously at Sneezer, then Amanda, thought about saying, \"I'm taken,\" but didn't want to give either party the wrong idea, so I just repeated, \" I can't. \" \"I'm afraid that's all I have to offer you. My people are not wealthy, and the Bird Video Games cannot be removed from the arcade. We have no reward to give you...\" Cupcake spread her legs, smoothing the fabric of her dress between them. \"...Other than my affection.\" \"How about a kookoo clock?\" Riffraff asked. Instantly, more than a hundred scowling beaks surrounded him. \"Take him to the dungeon!\" Cupcake shouted, pointing her finger at him. A flock of seagulls, and the band members from Flock of Seagulls flew down from one of the arcades, dragging Riffraff away. \"I'm sorry!\" he shouted. \"It was only a joke!\" Still, they carried him away. I shrugged indifferently. That's one way to end my year of slavery, I thought. \"Riffy!\" Dane cried, looking outraged and upset. Clenching her fists, she faced the queen and shouted, \"Make that two kookoo clocks!\" And the seagulls dragged her away as well. I snickered a little, grinning at Amanda. My sister didn't look amused. \"What? At least Riff's in good company.\" \"Drew,\" Amanda said. \"You should do something.\" \"What?\" I said. \"It's a dungeon . Run by birds . I think they'll be okay.\" \"He's right,\" Cupcake said. \"It's a very nice dungeon. It even has an X-Box. And on Shabbat, they will be released to attend service. If they choose. \" \"So.\" I said. \"You swore ? A Bird Oath ? Saying you have to sleep with the guy that frees a bunch of birds ?\" \"Yes,\" she said. \"A very solemn Bird Oath.\" \"Then take back your Bird Oath,\" I said. I leaned closer, whispering, \"I won't tell anybody. I promise.\" \"I'm sorry,\" she said. \"Once a Bird Oath is spoken, it cannot be revoked.\" \"You're the queen of all birds,\" I said. \"Shouldn't that entitle you to some privilege?\" \" Yes... \" she said, acting as if she didn't know where this was going. \"Then...use your royal privilege to revoke the Bird Oath.\" \"Um...\" She paused, as if in thought. \" No. \" \"Don't you work at a baby farm ?\" I said, hoping for an excuse, any excuse, to sneak away. She smiled. \"Yes, but I have eight thousand hours of PTO .\" Damn. Extra had been flying away from me for awhile, but now he once again graced my presence, landing on my shoulder. \"This is a great honor, master! Many birds would give anything to enjoy such intimacy with our queen!\" \"Then why don't you take care of it?\" I challenged. Extra blushed. \"No. I would not deprive you of this great honor.\" I got up, taking him to the side of the room. \"I really don't like her,\" I whispered. \"You can take her if you want.\" \"I don't like her either, master,\" he whispered back. \"She poops on herself.\" I groaned. \"I think we're in agreement on that one, Extra.\" \"I am sorry for you, but I am also proud to have you as my master.\" The queen stood up from her throne. \"Now. Would you care for something to eat, or should I just... show you to your rooms? \" \"Food, please,\" I said. A group of puffins opened the floor, and we took an elaborate wood staircase down to a banquet hall, a nice groin vaulted structure crafted from curving branches. A long table of a similar style stood in the center, surrounded by filigreed wood chairs that couldn't move on account of them being part of the floor. The walls, of course, were covered in shiny scrap, interspersed here and there with pictures of previous rulers, like the King Fisher, The Raven King and Emperor Penguin. Naturally, I had the seat of honor, next to the queen. I pointed to the furniture. \"These are neat. Who made them?\" \"My subjects,\" she said. \"You must understand that we do not hate woodworking. Some actually love it. But when someone forces them to do it all day and all night, with no Shabbat... \" \"Um, okay...\" I said with a frown. The meal was literally for the birds. Suet cakes, bugs, seeds, that kind of thing. Amanda took a few handfuls of lumpy purple caterpillars, gulping them down. \" Slimy, yet satisfying. \" I rolled my eyes. \"In real life, grubs aren't nearly as pretty as what they show in cartoons.\" Amanda swallowed another. \"And that's a bad thing?\" I tried a suet cake, and it tasted like a plain rice cake. I pretended like it was a Rice Crispy Treat and it was tolerable. \"So,\" I said after that unsatisfying morsel. \"What else do you guys normally do around here?\" Cupcake shrugged. \"Oh, I don't know. We sing, we fly, we go to work, we make love... \" She was a subtle one, all right. \"I... think I'll go to work now. \" I said. Queen Cupcake leapt to her feet, grinning ear to ear. \"Very well! I shall take you... to your work. \" I rolled my eyes. \"Why do I get the suspicion that `my work' involves the Royal Bed?\" Cupcake grinned. \" So we're on the same page! Excellent!\" I cast Amanda a pleading look. \"Help?\" She only shrugged. \"Can I watch?\" Sneezer asked. \"Yes!\" the queen said. \"No,\" I snapped. \"This isn't happening.\" I rose to my feet. \"Thank you, Queen Cupcake. We appreciate your hospitality, but we really must be going.\" \"But your reward!\" she cried. \"I simply must reward you!\" \"Virtue is its own reward. Really.\" I turned into a Junior Woodchuck from Ducktales. \"A scout does at least one good turn daily, without asking for benefits or rewards.\" \"You're not seeking a reward,\" she said, poking my stomach. \"You're getting one.\" The fact that I was temporarily small and underaged didn't seem to matter to her. Officer Harris was right. I was out of my depth. I swallowed, hurrying to my sister's chair. \"C'mon, Amanda, Sneezer. Let's go find Dane and Riffraff and get out of here.\" \"But I want to watch bird sex!\" Sneezer protested. \"I do too,\" said the queen. \"That's why I have lots of mirrors. And a camera.\" She took out a microphone, speaking into it. Her voice came out in booming echoes like before. \"Guards, please escort our hero to the Royal Bed Chamber.\" \"No!\" I shouted. \"I'm sorry,\" Amanda said. \"Drew is right. You can't have him. He's taken.\" She pointed at Sneezer, who gave me an unsettling grin. \"Oh, I'm sure I can convince you to change sides , so to speak...\" \"I'm not so sure about that, Miss Poopy Pants !\" I said. I tried to run up the stairs, but I found a pair of giant penguins, ducks in armor, and a Roc blocking my passage. A couple goony looking vultures dressed like medieval serfs pushed me back down, brandishing their spears. I tried to turn into Karate Rat, but my breathing technique only resulted in me changing into a robin. I supposed that even being female wouldn't have solved the problem, for Cupcake seemed rather indiscriminate about that in her Bird Oath. \"Look here,\" I said. \"I just saved a bunch of you guys. Can't you cut me a break and let me leave?\" \" That would be ungrateful of us, \" said one of the owls I'd freed. \"We simply have to reward you!\" \"I'm liking this less and less.\" Although I didn't quite agree with some of her methods, I was beginning to understand why Miss Terious did what she did with those birds. \"Let me go now!\" I shouted. \"Or I'll, I'll tell Miss Terious about this place and send her here to take you back!\" \" You wouldn't do that, master! \" Extra said. \"You love birds!\" And then I was looking at a sea of pouty bird faces. \"Yeah!\" they all cried. \"You really, really love birds,\" the owl said, adding insult to injury. I winced. When Amanda saw what was happening, she chortled through her nose. I guess she'd given up on the idea of sleeping with me, or something, or just found the idea amusing. The vultures and ducks bullied me down a twig lined narrow passageway to one side of the banquet hall, and up a slanting ramp, to a set of iron double doors, throwing them open to reveal...a nest. It looked like a queen bed with a canopy, but the bottom portion was like a robin's nest with a mattress stuffed into it. The walls were all sparkly and reflective, mirrors from cars and other shiny stuff, with a full length mirror on the ceiling. Sneezer, of course, followed me, looking all excited. I myself felt rather ill. The guards pushed me through the threshold, and Cupcake slammed the doors shut behind us, sliding a metal bar across them, a bar that locked in place at both ends with padlocks. She undid a few buttons on her dress, shrugged her shoulders, and it fell to the floor, leaving her standing there in a bra and a diaper. I, of course, was back in my human state. I guess she didn't care about contamination anymore. Sneezer pushed me forward. \"Go get her, Drew!\"[Chapter 50] JESSICA [0000] Chad stared at the floating fat man, I guess not knowing what to think. My baby took one look at him and cried until Chad turned around and bounced him in the carrier. I giggled and waved at the mirror. \"Hello, Master Blaster. Or can I call you Blasty ?\" Master Blaster scowled, his eyes traveling up and down my body in a not so subtle way. \"Who is this, Miss Terious?\" \"A lawbreaker. From the noid world.\" The man rubbed his chin thoughtfully. \"What laws did she break?\" Misty told him. \"How about you?\" I asked. \"What have you been doing lately?\" He gave me this look that told me he did not appreciate this sudden familiarity from a complete stranger. \"I've... heard so much about you, \" I explained. It would do me no good telling him he was on TV, of that I was sure. \"Have you kidnapped any more musicians?\" Master Blaster looked offended, like doing such a thing was a dirty little secret. \"I meant no offense. I think it's really cool that you grab random rock guys and turn them into cartoons. I was just curious who you got after Kidd Video.\" \"Oh?\" he said, looking rather pleased. \"I doubt you've heard of most of them. But their music is excellent. Of course, over time I've discovered that `forever' is a little too long to have any musical slave, so I've worked out a little slave exchange program with other slavemasters. Dilithium mines, magical crystal mines, seedy alien bars, brutal fights to the death, that kind of thing.\" \"Try me. I listen to a lot of music. Name a few bands. Or musicians or whatever.\" Master Blaster cleared his throat. \"Let's see...we've had Mindtrick, Crap Corps, Four Fried Chickens and a Coke...King Crimson...We've also had some long haired guys named Metallica, but they were a pain in the ass. Kept trying to sue me .\" I giggled. \"It's an honor to meet you, sir.\" \"The pleasure's all mine,\" he answered, and it probably was, considering the amount of staring I got. \"Where's your cats?\" I said. He frowned. \"The last I checked, they were working on my newest acquisitions, Adam Sandler and Weird Al Yankovich. I admit I'm a bit skeptical, but I'm easily bored. Would you like to be my slave?\" I laughed. \"I'm not really sure about slave , per se... \" I didn't want to go out and say that I wasn't interested in being a sex slave, but how to say this politely without stepping on any toes...\"How about we define the role as ` consultant ' That way, nothing untoward is implied.\" I could tell this didn't make the man very happy, but, frankly, I didn't think he deserved to be that happy. \"Jessica here has volunteered to help retrieve the Spikes of Power,\" Misty said. \"And you are one of the most powerful beings in Cool World. I thought perhaps we could make an arrangement. \" \"Mmmyes,\" Sleez agreed. Personally, I thought there were plenty more powerful villains, like Skeletor or Mum-Rah, but I decided she spoke talking in terms of affecting reality. \"Come to my jukebox,\" he said, spreading his hands. Our bodies became surrounded by glowing light, then we found ourselves in a giant bubble, floating over a seemingly endless hilly landscape that resembled a topographic contour map. I and Misty had our bubble, Chad, the baby, and Sleez floated in their own separate one, my boyfriend looking at me uncomfortably. The baby, on the other hand, seemed to be having a blast (no pun intended), grinning and bouncing in its harness as it waved its little fists and fingers at the green expanse. I've still got to name that kid. Chad Jr.? We drifted over hills and valleys to the tune of new age electronica. We didn't have a sneezing fairy to rescue us, but I didn't want to be rescued anyway. The thought of experiencing exactly what people went through when no one breaks them out of Master Blaster's bubbles delighted me. He still had that giant flying jukebox for his base of operations. A Wurlitzer . The kind with the multicolored bubble tubes, and an actual turntable that played LP's instead of functioning as an expensive CD player. Those vinyl records seemed to be the size of a small house. They must have been a pain to put in. No rocket engines, propellers or hover machinery. I supposed only Good Vibrations, Mojo Risin' and Get On Ups kept it in the air. The bubble took me down to a circular embellishment on the lower portion of the speaker cover, then down inside the colorful lava lamp type tube on the side of the machine. The bubble stopped about halfway, its side opening to reveal a long tall ceilinged corridor. The place was gold and spaceship-like, but its walls had been decorated like a Hard Rock Cafe, a plethora of musical memorabilia and framed pictures. I saw all kinds of people posing with Master Blaster. Huey Louis (I hoped he was being kept in a dungeon), Flipp (Ditto-I was trying to tape their performance at a parade one time and the singer mooned me as I was running out of tape), Marilyn Manson, Lady Gaga, Busta Rhymes...I saw members of Korn posing with Master Blaster's hands on their shoulders like he were a normal road manager, and Rob Zombie with the Copy Cats. Aside from those and a few other notable exceptions, the guy mostly captured musicians who had at least temporarily faded from the limelight. Annie Lennox, Gloria Estefan, Tommy Twotone, Devo, Billy Thorpe, Chris De Burgh... I suspected some of the faces on the wall had never been in the limelight, but I supposed that's a moot point. Misty tapped a framed picture of Humpty Hump. \"Master Blaster likes to flaunt his acquisitions.\" I grinned. \"Sounds like a fun place.\" Her lip twisted at the corner. \"Perhaps not as much as you might think.\" Hearing a chirping sound, she pulled pair of insect-like antennas out of her neck and held up a makeup mirror, which apparently served as her video phone. I could see a faceless blue man inside the little circle. \"Yes?\" she said. Then she frowned. \" Drew Deebes beat up my staff? \" I chuckled, both at the thought of Drew beating up anyone, and of the comic book cliche of telling everyone the content of your call instead of keeping it to yourself. \"You say he and his sister blew up the machines ? All of them ? And freed all the birds? \" She clenched her hand in a fist, smashing a framed picture of Ed Sheeran. She covered her mouth in embarrassment. \"It's okay,\" I said. \"Nobody will miss that photo. I know I wouldn't. \" Misty scowled, eying me with suspicion, but she didn't say anything to me. \"Send in Myxo!\" she barked at the circle. \"I don't care if he's a noid! I want him dead!\" She paused. \"And send in my sister Insectia to clean up whatever is left.\" Misty put the phone away, scowling at me. \"It's because of you that this is happening. If you hadn't pulled your...\" She glanced at Chad. \" Ex boyfriend off that cutter, none of this would have happened!\" I shrugged. \"I'm sorry, Misty. I seriously didn't know he would do that. I'm really shocked that he could even accomplish everything you described. I never thought he was that brilliant, to tell you the truth. Or that he had balls, for that matter. \"I'm really sorry he robbed you of your livelihood. If there's anything I can do to make up for it, I will.\" She sighed and gave me a nod. \"Don't worry about it. If he's as dumb and cowardly as you say, Myxo should be able to take care of him.\" \"Cool beans,\" I said with a smirk. \"By the way, what does Myxo mean? Is he like a killer chef or something?\" \"It's short for a disease that blinds rabbits,\" Misty replied with a shrug. \" Myxomatosis . He gets very upset when anyone calls him Mix Master or Drink Mixer, anything mixer , for that matter. I think the name causes him to feel inadequate, which makes his desire for death and bloodshed more acute.\" I laughed. \"I see! \" The jukebox was fascinating, like sitting in a booth at one of those neighborhood bar and grills. I would have kept staring at the pictures, but then I heard someone playing Boogie Woogie Wu, and a portly bouffant wearing cat dressed in a Sargent Pepper outfit came out, gesturing at a doorway with a sandwich, implying I should go that way...and maybe eat? We marched down a long, winding and architecturally confusing corridor, arriving at a dark throne room with a high ceiling and gargoyles hanging over the rows of pillars leading to the dais. I didn't see any other cat besides Fat Cat (incidentally no relation to that pinstripe wearing Dom DeLouise sounding guy from Rescue Rangers ). The floating fat man sat in his zero gravity throne, listening impatiently to... The actual members of Insane Clown Posse , playing Hokus Jokus. Grinning like a fool, I snapped my fingers and danced as the two fat guys with the black makeup and spiky hair rapped and did their resampling thing, their clown drummer and technical support guy adding to the groove. Their equipment appeared to be Master Blaster's property, judging by the M.B. logo on the drum. I liked their music, but I wasn't a groupie. Some of their songs smacked a little too much of misogyny for my taste. But others, hey... Regardless of the sexism, it seemed they did play with extra enthusiasm when I came in. The rappers had blinking electronic collars around their necks, like prisoners in Escape From L.A. , devices which, come to think of it, also appeared in all those photos I just examined. I was indifferent about that, for, after going Platinum and buying a mansion in Beverly Hills, you had to be good humored about the bad things that come your way, and take your lumps. When I cry over spilled milk, the milk doesn't come from my own personal farm of imported Sri Lankan donkeys. Chad smiled and danced with me a little. The baby, well, I'm not sure what he thought, exactly. Misty's phone.. .ish thing rang again. She listened for a moment, then screamed, \"What!\" She glared at me. The music stopped. My baby started crying. Chad tried his best to console him. \"Bitch is crazy,\" one of the clowns muttered. I smiled nicely at Misty. \"Is there a problem?\" \"Problem!\" she yelled. \"Your ex just beat my best soldier !\" \"I always suspected he was an asshole,\" I said. \"Now, you said, beat . Does that literally mean he killed your Mixy guy, or...?\" Misty shook her head. \"No, he got away. A little wounded, that's all.\" \"Anything I can do to help?\" \"Yes. I need you to kill him.\" I frowned. \"Um...murdering someone in cold blood for destroying your building isn't exactly tit for tat.\" Mike E. Clarke was shouting something in disagreement, probably something about chopping Drew's head in half with an ax, but I ignored it. \"Plus, I don't know where he is right now.\" Misty sighed. \"Then what do you suggest?\" \"Me? Well, deep within you is an Inner Bitch. I'm sure, with a little work, we can use this secret weapon to come up with something that will make him wish that we just went out and killed him. All we need to do is a little research , and figure out how to hit him where it hurts.\" \"So...don't think like a villainess,\" she muttered. \"Be... evil , and think like a psycho ex girlfriend.\" \"Bingo. Just like a Lifetime movie.\" She became lost in thought. \"Of course, we should probably get the Spikes first...\" \"Yes. Of course.\" Her answer seemed a bit noncommittal, though. Whatever. Master Blaster and the rappers continued to look at us with annoyance. Misty waved at them. \"My apologies. Continue. \" The music started back up. I decided not to waste the opportunity, and danced some more. I danced backwards toward the throne, bumping into it as I listened to the end of the song. Looking rather sour, Master Blaster made a little gesture with his right hand like a mafia don, and the band and their stage lowered through the floor and disappeared. He cleared his throat. \"Are we ready to discuss business?\" \"We're going into the real world,\" Misty said. \"And we require your assistance. Let's deal.\" Master Blaster took a deep breath. \"You want a deal? How about this? I'm weary of these bands I keep shuffling through here. I want some fresh talent . You get me what I want, and I'll let you have access to all my mirrors.\" \"I thought you had Copy Cats to carry out that task,\" I said. He shook his head, rolling his eyes at me. \"There are certain acquisitions that require a certain amount of... finesse . Finesse that these cats unfortunately do not have. Perhaps because they lack an understanding of your world...and the World Wide Web , whatever that thing is.\" He handed Misty a little computer, which looked like the eighties' idea of what a handheld computer should be. Kind of the grandmother of an Android tablet, I guess, something without a streamlined shape or a touch screen. She stared at the monitor, pushing buttons. \"This is a little vague. I thought you wanted something specific.\" \"If I wanted specific, I'd use the Cats. I want to be surprised, but more than that, I want to be impressed.\" Misty clicked a few more buttons. \"These are actors . Why do you want them?\" Master Blaster shrugged. \"I'm branching out. Of course, I do want you to investigate a few things...such as whether Guns and Roses is getting back together, and Aerosmith's foray into country...\" \"Actually,\" I blurted, but Misty shushed me. I guess it was better for the negotiation anyway. That and the newly developed technologies that put any conceivable musician at your fingertips by means of the internet (musicians that play for you, any time of day, in concert, in the comfort of your own home). I decided to leave that one off the table, for added leverage. \"It's a deal, the villainess said. \"Very good.\" Master Blaster pushed a button on his throne, and rows of full length mirrors emerged from secret compartments in the floor. Intrigued, I examined one. The mirror `reflected' an oddly familiar hotel bed, in a deluxe suite that could only be in the Union Plaza Hotel. \"You must be really bored,\" I stammered, somewhat relieved that I hadn't made use of that particular piece of furniture. \"You have no idea.\" I looked at another, and found it to be someone's messy living room, a guy with a lizard t-shirt smoking while trying to play guitar in time with a Ramones video. \"I suggest you visit Mirror 9 first. In addition to being the location of one of the Spikes of Power, I believe you can find items 38 and 103 in that general vicinity.\" \"This may be a stupid question,\" I said. \"But how do you know all this?\" \"I have sensors . And bumbling cat spies.\" Misty led me to the appropriate mirror. I chuckled at what I saw when I looked in. A long underground concrete hallway, with rows of pipes and wires running along the ceiling. A sign reading `Space Mountain' had been painted on one wall, and the rattling of tracks could be heard. A figure clad in a Mickey Mouse costume waddled down the corridor, removing its head to reveal the face of a dark haired cornpone of a woman. I watched with amusement as the woman smoked and swore about something or another for a few minutes, put out the cigarette, stuffing the contraband back inside a secret compartment in one of the ears. She donned the mouse head once more, hurriedly marching down an adjoining tunnel. \" The Most Artificial Place On Earth! \" I giggled and danced with glee. \"When can we start?\"[Chapter 51] DREW [0000] The bird with the poopy baby pants ran up to me, enveloping me in her wings, or arms, or whatever you call those limbs on a cartoon bird. She frowned at my bandage. \"Oh honey! You're hurt!\" \"I know. I really need to go and see a doctor.\" She tried to remove the scarves. \"I'm human,\" I said. \"Noid. I need a real human to treat these real wounds and not your...\" I winced at the unintended pun. \" Quacks. \" For a moment, she looked offended, but she seemed to let it pass. \"Well. At least it's bandaged. Perhaps we can work around the injury?\" \"No. I'm in a lot of pain.\" \"He's not in that much pain,\" Sneezer said. Cupcake giggled. \"Oh you are a shy one ! No matter, I'm a little shy too. I think we can come to... enjoy each other's company... \" \"I don't think so.\" I sighed. \"Look. I was trying to be nice, but I guess you're too thick to get what I'm hinting at, so I'll just say it.\" I cleared my throat. \"You're disgusting. I'm not at all turned on by you wearing a diaper and going to the bathroom on yourself. It's gross. For that reason, I don't ever want to sleep with you. Don't get me wrong, you're cute, but unless you can get rid of that diaper, take a shower, and scrub that blue animated ass, I don't want it.\" She sobbed and wailed, tears spraying out of her eyes like a fountain. I just frowned and stared at her. She cried once more, then it was like someone flipped the crying switch to the off position, and she looked indignant. \"Fine!\" Her mood abruptly changed, and she looked hopeful. \"How about we shower together?\" \"No,\" I said. \"Fine!\" she shouted once more. Queen Cupcake stomped through a door at the back of the room, presumably the bathroom, slamming it shut behind her. \"That was mean,\" Sneezer said. \"I don't expect you to understand,\" I replied. \"Before those floating guys messed with stuff, you were in diapers, too.\" \"Were?\" Sneezer said with an mischievous grin. I scowled. \"Please tell me you stopped when you `got older.'\" Sneezer gave me a wink like he didn't, but then giggled. \"Ha ha! Got you!\" I was not at all amused. \" Drew , I knew how much you didn't like that, so I stopped, okay?\" I didn't want to say what I thought about that, because I already knew my hormones were not to be trusted, and I didn't want him to have that information. I dug in my pockets, hoping I could find something in there to get me out of this mess. The first thing to come out of Hammer Space was a can of Reddi Wip, and a carrot. Then I found I had a harmonica, a heavy iron gauntlet, a box of condoms, and an oversized wooden mallet. \" Whatcha doin'? \" Sneezer said in a nasty tattling sort of tone. \"Sneezer, If you ever want to get kissed by rat girl again, I suggest you shut the hell up.\" He swallowed hard and nodded. Extra popped out of my shirt. \"Master-\" \"You be quiet too, little buddy,\" I said. \"Don't make me take you back to the Bird Store.\" \"But master-\" I sighed. \"C'mon, Extra. Be a pal. I'll sleep with your queen some other time, when she grows up. \" He nodded. \"Yes, master.\" I reached into my pockets for something I could use against Cupcake. Out came a yellow dinosaur innertube, an umbrella, a case of Turtle Wax and a can of spinach. I seriously considered squeezing the can and eating the greens to see if it really made me strong, but even if I believed those misconceptions about an iron overdose, I didn't like `spinnich' that much. I dug around again, hoping to find something better. After pulling out a `Lousyville Slugger' baseball bat, a tuba, and feathery thong underwear, I at last found something promising, a science fictiony laser pistol. A practice shot at the door turned the lock to powder. I vaporized the other one similarly, threw aside the crossbar, and shoved the doors open. Naturally, an army of bird guards patrolled the hallway. Having no better plan at the moment, I gave the can of spinach a go. It was a squeeze can. I guess they don't make aluminum like they used to. The moment the spinach sprayed in my mouth, I heard the Popeye song and I turned into a big buff looking robin. Handing the laser to Sneezer (how would it look if the guy that rescued all those birds went around vaporizing them afterwards?) I set about `biffing' and `bopping' anyone that got in my way. \"Drew!\" Amanda cried as she stepped out of a doorway. \"What's-\" \"No time to explain,\" I said. \"We need to find Dane and Riffraff and get out of here.\" \"How was it?\" she said, looking more disappointed than I expected. \"Was she good?\" I winced. \"I don't know. We didn't do anything. I told her to take a shower.\" She giggled, looking oddly relieved, joyous even. \" That's too bad. \" \"Not really,\" I said. \"So you, um...\" She ran a hand down her thigh, then cleared her throat. \" Well that's good. I'm glad.\" \"Me too,\" said Sneezer. \" She promised to kiss me.\" \"I...\" I just shook my head. Extra flapped onto my head. \"The dungeon is this way, master!\" A few feet past the guards, it seemed the birds hadn't gotten the memo. Bird brains. Of course, my costume had suddenly developed breasts, so that could have confused them, too. It sure confused Extra . My winged guide led me up a spiral staircase and down a winding bent twig tunnel. \"I thought you were going to lead me to the dungeon,\" I complained. \"I am, master,\" Extra said. \"I am. We birds have different ideas about what constitutes a dungeon.\" The tunnel ended on a ledge overlooking a large pit. Directly across from me, I could see `the prison.' It resembled an enormous bird cage, with a wide sort of gold sidewalk surrounding it. Within the bars, I could see kind of a living room. Sofa, bed, television, framed pictures, and a kitchenette. A pair of burly looking pigeons stood guard around the gate, one of them peering at a copy of Johnathan Livingston Seagull , the other Bird Fancy . It looked kind of easy to get in there and get out...if I could find a bridge to cross the chasm. \"How do we get out there, Extra?\" I whispered. My bird tugged on my wings. \"Good luck,\" Amanda said. Sneezer, now clad in (ironically) a Cockatiel suit, just gazed at my breasts. What did I ever see in that creep? I stared into the pit, frowned at my wings. \"I'm going to die.\" \"Confidence, master,\" Extra said. \"In Cool World, confidence transcends physics. Remember that.\" I furrowed my brow. \"Right. Because... Wiley Coyote could have kept walking on air... \" Shreve suddenly popped out of my costume. \"Are we home? This doesn't look like home.\" \"It's the dungeon, dad,\" Extra said. \"Oh.\" And then Shreve said, \"Is this home? It doesn't look like it.\" I rolled my eyes, thankful that his dementia hadn't shown up until now.\" \"I...must have... fallen asleep in your blouse!\" the old guy blurted. With a sigh, I leaned over the edge, rubbing my hands together. \"Here goes nothing.\" I jumped off the edge, flapping my arms. I damn near broke my legs. My feet were about an inch from the bottom of the pit before my wings started working. I'm not sure how I got there, but somehow I ended up flying with my head above the lip of the cage platform, singing the Flag Boy song and the theme to Beretta . I caught hold of a bird perch sticking out of a short stair, peering up at the guards. \"This book is weird,\" said the guard on the left. \"The seagull...leaves home because nobody understands how he wants to fly really fast (as if they actually behaved like that), and now he's meeting, what, birds that travel into other dimensions? I don't get it.\" \"That's because you're not a seagull,\" said the other guard. \"I don't know . I spoke to Robert about it, and he didn't get it, either.\" \"Robert doesn't get anything.\" It didn't look like there were any other entrances or exits to this prison except through the front. I got a good look at the cage bottom as I nearly went splat, and I only saw a perch up front. I didn't even see plumbing, or a tray to change the newspaper with. With a sigh, I pulled myself up on the perch, thankful I was in the habit of using machines at the Y that worked those same muscle groups. ...And that the can of spinach hadn't worn off yet. Once up top, I crept up the stairs, glancing back and forth, waiting to be noticed. The two guards only looked bored, beaks in their reading material. They gave me a passing glance, but that was it. Sneezer flapped his wings, joining me on the steps. I approached the wire door. It was just your average bird cage door, a couple latches holding it shut. No locks at all. Of course, I supposed the chasm kind of made that unnecessary. They did have an X-Box. Dane and Riffraff sat on a green sofa, nuzzled cozily against each other as they played that game where a guy with a battery shaped head rolls everything in the entire world up into a giant ball. \"I think they got Guitar Hero ,\" Dane said. \"You heard of that one?\" The cat licked his teeth, fidgeting with the controller. \"I almost got it to two meters. I just need to flatten this row of mice...\" Then he growled, \"Stupid ramp!\" \"You guys want to stay here a few weeks,\" I asked. \"Or do you want to go now?\" Dane shook her head. \"This place is cool, but not that cool.\" But Riffraff muttered, \"Just one more domino...\" Dane pushed the power button. \"C'mon, Riffy.\" \"I told you, only Cleo calls me that.\" \"Would you prefer Garfield?\" Riffraff reddened. \"No, but you can't call me Riffy! \" I held open the cage door. \"Can we squabble later?\" I led my friends out to the staircase, staring across the gap. The guards paid us no mind, continuing to read. \"That's great,\" Dane said. \"But how do we get over there?\" \"You don't!\" a voice shouted. A second later, I saw the queen, clad in a silky fur trimmed camisole, fur trimmed panties and stockings with garters and heels. She ran up to the ledge, accompanied by her seagulls and penguins and giant Roc, who weren't very good at pretending not to ogle their ruler. \"...at least, not until we take care of a little unfinished business ,\" Cupcake continued. Extra flew up to my ear. \"I think she's showered, master.\" \"I'm sure she has,\" I groaned. \"I do not see a diaper,\" he added. \"I...noticed.\" So. No really good option for me to choose. I could stay in the cage and play Katamari Damancy , eventually getting bird raped on the sofa, or I could fly down and let her have her way with me in the `nest.' \"Look, um,\" I stammered. \"I admit you're cute. Really cute . But I'm not quite ready for this. You want to make me king? Fine. But give me some space. I barely know you. Let's go on a few dates or something. Get to know each other.\" She blushed and nodded. \" Of course . And you can stay right here until you decide.\" I rolled my eyes. \"What part of `give me some space' do you not understand?\" \"But,\" she said. \"If I let you go, how do I know-\" \"You don't,\" I answered. \"But it's normal. \" \"Yeah,\" Riffraff said. \"What's all this stuff about ` a little bird told me' , if you can't figure something out?\" Cupcake frowned. \"I'm sorry. I still can't let you leave.\" \"No good deed goes unpunished,\" I moaned. I was screwed. Or, going to be . The birds flocked around us, dragging me, Dane and Riffraff back to the ledge. One of the birds, a kiwi, said, \"The king has released the prisoners, your highness! Do you wish for us to put them back?\" Cupcake shoved me into a wall, kissing me. I was a female bird, but she didn't care. She pulled her beak away. \"They were only joking about the clocks, weren't they?\" \"Yes, ma'am!\" Riffraff cried. \"Yes,\" Dane agreed. \"Then, you two are free to go,\" Cupcake declared, then gave me some tongue. Amanda, in the meantime, activated one of those Inspector Gadget style videophone watches. \"Daddy,\" she hissed at the screen. \"We need H-E-L-P.! Whatever you got!\" She pointed the watch at me. \"Isn't that right, Drew?\" I gave a thumbs up, but then, thinking about how it could be misinterpreted, I pulled away from Cupcake's beak and blurted, \"Help!\" \"Be there in just a few minutes,\" Dad said. I didn't know if that would be quick enough. I decided to distract the queen. I kind of made myself enjoy it, returning her kisses with a little more enthusiasm, reaching under the camisole and running my hands down her body. You know, to make it convincing. Suddenly, I heard a sound like someone dragging a tennis shoe across a basketball court. When I turned my head to look, I saw a floating pink koala bear in a dress drawing a hole in space with a tube of lipstick. Dad was behind her, wearing a ridiculous hat that looked like it belonged to a koala themed amusement park. \"Quick!\" Amanda cried, shoving Dane and Riffraff through the hole. Sneezer, however, remained with me...to watch. The floating koala stared at me and Cupcake in horror. \"Oh! That is most improper!\" \"It sure is,\" Sneezer said with a dreamy grin. \"I don't care how you do it,\" Amanda said. \"Just get him out of here before he does something he regrets!\" \"You're the boss! \" the koala said in a you-asked-for-it tone of voice. When Cupcake pressed me against the wall again, undoing the buckle on my real belt, I suddenly discovered that the wall wasn't there. I tumbled backwards through a dark void, landing on a padded floor inside a room with bamboo screen walls. With Cupcake on top of me. That dumb koala bear. I saw Amanda hop through the hole, landing next to me. Then Sneezer joined us. \"Thanks,\" I said to my sister. Then I kissed Cupcake again. \" You're free ,\" Amanda said. I blushed. \"Yeah.\" I pushed the bird off me, getting to my feet. Before I could reach the door, Cupcake took me down with a football tackle, kissing me as she worked on removing my clothing. Dane looked in and laughed at me. Riffraff stared. Dad, seeing what was happening, just shook his head and slid the door shut. Parent of the year.[Chapter 52] I pulled my lips away from Cupcake's beak. \"You're really weird.\" \"I know,\" she said, kissing me some more. I pushed her back. \"Tell me something. What is it with the diapers? I'm almost a hundred percent positive that nobody else in Cool World does that.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Seriously? I work in a baby factory . I'm surrounded, all day, by baby stuff . And you ask me why?\" I stared at her. \"Yeah. Why. \" \"I don't know. It feels good. And maybe I was riding in a helicopter with a noid lady that gave me the idea.\" \"Jessica,\" I groaned, slapping my face. She gawked at me. \"You know her?\" \"Uh...kinda?\" The bird narrowed her eyes. \"How much is kinda.\" \"We're boyfriend and girlfriend ,\" I said, latching onto the negative vibe. \" We slept together . Which is why you and me isn't such a good idea.\" \"Why,\" she said, reaching under my shirt. \"Because she might get jealous?\" \"Yeah. She can get pretty crazy when she's upset.\" She kissed me, sliding her hand over my chest. \"So can I.\" Okay, so I tried to ditch her with the `I'm taken' line and only ended up with revenge sex. Not the best plan. Suddenly, I saw a flash, and I was looking up at a skeleton bird surrounded by lightning bolts. The bird queen turned back to normal and rolled off me, going into convulsions. I, on the other hand, was unaffected. I guess animators never attempted touching someone with their hand on a low voltage electric fence. I looked up and saw Amanda with a taser in her hand. \"I get crazier.\" I blushed with embarrassment. \"Uh... thanks .\" This was awkward because, for one, although I didn't want to admit it, I had been enjoying myself before she interrupted me, and two, Amanda had basically claimed me as her boyfriend, when I had been trying so hard to convince her it wasn't right. Okay, so that may be an overstatement, but I did try . At any rate, I guess it's better to stick with the creep you know rather than the one you just barely met. \"Can you tie her up, or something?\" I asked. She frowned, apparently thinking I meant to do some bondage roleplay or something, judging by the face she was making. \"No, no. I meant, her hands are too busy. I just want her to... keep them to herself for awhile .\" Amanda nodded in approval. \"How about I throw her into the Shadow Realm?\" I blinked at her in confusion. \"You can do that?\" She just shrugged. \"Wait. What's the Shadow Realm? Like hell or something?\" \"Kinda, sorta, not really. Are you familiar with Hordak at all?\" I frowned. \"So... evil guy dimension. Speaking of which, how did you get that koala bear, Pinky Nozzle, whatever, with the magic lipstick?\" \"It's Noozle ,\" she said. \"Dad does stuff for doodles. Draws things. So he can occasionally pull favors. I really don't know what he did for Pinky, but, well, she owes him. I doubt we'll be so lucky in the future.\" Amanda slid open a panel on one of the bamboo walls, taking out something that looked suspiciously like Wonder Woman's lasso. She tied this around the bird, throwing her over her shoulder. I followed her out the door, down to the den, where Dad was curled up with Chori on the sofa, reading aloud from Four Past Midnight . The pink Nozzle sat on the couch across from him, sipping tea. The Library Policeman is a pretty disturbing short story, but I guess whatever floats your boat. Dane puffed on a cartoon cigarette with Riffraff in her lap, looking bored. She frowned at what she smoked, but made no comment, so I guessed she was well aware that many things in Cool World had no flavor. When the two saw us enter the room, they got up and followed us. Amanda grabbed the spine of one of those I Am Number Four books, and the entire bookshelf turned into cardboard, sliding behind the one next to it. \"Cool,\" Dane said. \"I'm going to use the Portal to the Shadow Realm,\" Amanda announced. Dad didn't look up from the book. I guess being in a cartoon world makes you jaded to such things. \"Okay, honey. Just make sure you close it when you're through. You know how I hate surprises .\" The secret passage led to a spiral staircase, then a dungeon. In one corner of this dungeon, I saw a small scale version of Stonehenge, with some comic style embellishments, like giant skulls, crystals and magical symbols. Dane stared at the place. \"Awesome.\" A Star of David had been drawn across a circle in the middle of all this. I rolled my eyes and shook my head. \"Why does every Japanese cartoon use that as their magical witchcraft symbol?\" \"I'm not sure,\" Amanda said. \"But dad thought a pentagram would be too creepy to have in his basement, and it works just as well.\" I nodded. \" Makes sense. \" For the record, my dad has no religious affiliation whatsoever. This was merely an artistic decision. \"It's also on every Chinese Checker board,\" Dane added. At this point, the taser effect had worn off, but Cupcake was still bound in the Wonder Lasso, so she couldn't do anything but yell at us...truthfully. \"I have a thing for noids!\" she blurted. \"And I don't care if the babies look freakish!...Did I mention I'm a virgin?\" Amanda tossed the bird into the circle, chanting as she raised her hands, wiggling her fingers. \"Forces of darkness, Let power be unfurled, Open the door to the Shadow World!\" Nothing happen. \"I thought you said it was the shadow realm ,\" I commented. \"It's harder to come up with a rhyme for realm.\" She tried it again. No portal. She gave me an apologetic smile. \" Drew... \" I frowned, not getting what she was asking for. \"I understand she is a virgin, but wouldn't that kind of thing be counterproductive?\" Cupcake gave me a mischievous grin. \"Not at all!\" She wiggled into a provocative pose, dropping her voice to a low breathy tone. \" I'm all yours. \" I should have had her gagged. Amanda scowled at me, turning a little red. \"I meant the spell ! I'm a noid, so it won't work for me.\" I blushed. \"Right. The spell. \" Sighing, I raised my hands and said the poem. Immediately, sparkles erupted from my hands, and a swirling black hole opened up inside the circle. The bird screamed as she spun around in the hole like a schooner caught in a whirlpool. Riffraff and Sneezer recoiled in horror. Extra got so afraid that he flew to Sneezer, burrowing into his jacket. The hole kept getting bigger. \"How do you close it?\" Amanda cleared her throat. \"Powers of darkness, Please go away, We don't need the portal, We're really okay.\" \"Seriously?\" I said. \"That's the spell?\" She gave me a nod. \"It sounds more like someone declining an extra helping of stuffing at a Thanksgiving dinner.\" \"I've heard worse on He-Man ,\" Dane said. \"All right. Fine.\" I repeated the `magic spell' and the floor returned to normal, sans Cupcake. I sighed in relief, maybe a little disappointment. \"What wasn't very nice, Master,\" Extra said. \"You should have not done that to our queen.\" \"It's not as bad as all that,\" said Amanda. \"She'll be back. Doodles always come back. Sure, they might be a little changed from the experience, but that's not necessarily bad. \" \"Have you been there?\" I asked. She nodded. \" Briefly. I also, um, threw Judge Mxyo down there one time.\" I swallowed. \"Out of curiosity, was he cute and fluffy before you did that?\" Amanda winced. \"Kind of?\" I shook my head. \"Great. Now I have an arch nemesis of my own.\" \"Not necessarily,\" she said. \"It depends on how she spends her time, and if she can find a portal back.\" \"Well, I guess that's that ,\" I groaned. \"I suppose it's time to go back to the junkyard.\" \"I've been waiting all day for you to say that!\" Riffraff exclaimed. We returned to the living room. Dad was still reading, possibly as payment for Pinky's services. He looked up from the book at Amanda. \"Sugar, where's the Owlmobile?\" \"It's behind C.C. Knicknocker,\" she said. \"Uh, it broke down. \" \"I'm not moving that,\" the koala said. Dad shook his head. \"Don't bother. I'll get Chori or someone else to take me up there later. It's got a broken power steering line anyway.\" We took Chips back to the junkyard. I had to be there, because I was the slave. Riffraff had to be there, because it's his home. Since Dane had become quite attached to the cat, she came with us. Sneezer basically went wherever I went. The birds, well, I guess I was a walking nest. Amanda didn't really have a reason to join us, but I suppose she just felt left out. \"Oh Riffy!\" Cleo cried as we climbed inside that broken airplane the cats called home. \"Where were you?\" \"It's a long story, babe,\" Riffraff said. \"I'll tell you all about it later.\" She frowned. \"Who's the noid?\" Since her and I had already met, and I wasn't human at the moment, I glanced at Dane. Riffraff, I guess, didn't get it, pointing to my sister instead. \"Cleo, you remember Amanda, don't you?\" She nodded to her. \" I'm very happy for you . I know you always wanted to be human. You look nice .\" \"Thank you,\" Amanda grinned. \"I was actually asking about the other one.\" I guess my sister hadn't taken Dane everywhere in my absence. Riffraff poked the other noid's leg. \"Cleo, I'd like you to meet Dane . She's, uh, been helping us .\" Dane, who had been staring wide eyed at everything, eagerly grabbed Cleo's paw and shook it a couple times. \"Nice to meet you, Mrs. Riffraff!\" Cleo gasped in shock, staring at the other cat. \"Mrs?\" Riffraff's hair stood up all over his body, to the point where he resembled a brush. \"Um...er...I mean...\" \"Oh Riffy!\" Cleo picked him up, squeezing him to her chest. \"All this time, you wanted to propose and you were just too scared I'd say no!\" \"Uh...yeah,\" he gasped. \"That's exactly what happened .\" She winked at Dane. \" I see what he means by helper! \" Cleo let go of him, gazing into his eyes as she held his paw. \"I've been waiting forever for this moment. I kept thinking, `maybe if I drop a few more obvious hints, he might finally get the idea'...\" Riffraff swallowed. \"Better late than never, Cleo!\" She smiled. \"You must have been so afraid, because that one time we went steady, it never worked out. But you know as well as I that we have always been steady. It's really about time for us to make it official.\" I could see cartoon sweat popping out from the other cat's head. Cleo stroked his hand, grinning. \"So where's my ring?\" Riffraff's eyes bulged in surprise. \"Just...just a second.\" He dashed out of the room, coming back with a diamond studded cat collar. \"I was originally thinking about giving this to you on your birthday, but...\" He fastened it around her neck, ushering his fiancee over to a mirror. \"I know it's not a ring, but...\" \"Oh Riffy!\" she cried. \"It's beautiful!\" She kissed him. When their lips pulled apart, Cleo took one look at her reflection and gasped. \"Riffy, why is there a giant golf ball in the mirror?\" \"Golf ball?\" I and Riffraff said in unison. I squinted at the glass, puzzled by what I saw. It wasn't a golf ball at all. It was Epcot Center. Not an animated version of Epcot. The real deal, complete with the monorail and the huge mob of people practically crushing each other to death to go into shops, rides, and the toilet. I saw a couple costumed figures in the square, Minnie Mouse and Goofy. I assumed an old joke provided the explanation for Mickey's absence. I poked at the glass. \"What the hell!\" Magic mirror or not, my finger did not go through. Even when it was animated. \"Why is it showing Disneyland?\" Dane peered over my shoulder. \"More importantly, who's that weird cartoon chick with the hostage?\" I frowned. \"What?\"[Chapter 53] Dane tapped on the corner of the glass, pointing to an image of Jessica, still clad in her Vampirella costume, dragging along a young blonde woman, her hands bound in extension cords. \"That lady that's tied up...she looks... oddly familiar... \" Dane said. \" It's on the tip of my tongue. \" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Actually, I think that's her slogan .\" \"Miley Friggin' Cyrus!\" \"She looks like she's in trouble,\" Cleo cried in alarm. I shook my head and smiled. \" Probably . But if we leave her alone, I think it'll improve the quality of her music.\" Cleo scowled at me. \"What,\" I said. \"I've learned my lesson about being a hero. No good deed goes unpunished.\" Then, to placate her, I added, \"This isn't a magic portal. It's a mirror . Plus, my ex girlfriend - Let's say I'm kind of skeptical about what damage she can do.\" Amanda gave me a scolding look, but I only had to say \"Spiderman\" to make her understand. Riffraff clapped his paws, rubbing them together. \"All right, slave . What's for supper?\" [0000] Jessica [000000] As I expected, my fingers went right through the glass when I touched it. \"Wait,\" Misty said. \"We need equipment.\" MB clapped his hands, and Fat Cat, despite his obesity, darted out of the room like the Road Runner, leaving a cloud shaped like himself behind. He returned a second later with a black bag, the kind doctors carry around. Misty took it. \"Thank you. But I need some special tools of my own.\" She turned to face her boyfriend. \"Sleez?\" The butler had been rather quiet since his bubble had arrived at Master Blaster's place. Of course, he never was much on conversation. \"Mmyes?\" \"Could you fetch my things, honey?\" Sleezington grinned, probably because he wasn't being talked to like a butler. \"Yes, ma'am.\" He zipped out of the room. \"Soy Lecithin,\" Misty said to me with a smile. I stared at her. \"Excuse me?\" \"You haven't named your baby yet. I just thought...\" I laughed. \"No. I don't think so.\" \"Moon Unit.\" I shook my head no. \"Freedom?\" I sighed. \"Actually, I was leaning towards `Isosceles.'\" \"What a wonderful name!\" she exclaimed. \" Isosceles? \" Chad repeated, looking a bit unsettled. I nodded. \"We're just talking. What do you think? Founding father of mathematics, philosopher...\" His ears drooped. \"I was thinking we could maybe call him Chip.\" \"There's already a chipmunk with that name,\" I said. \"Plus, if I need to shout at him for being a brat, you two will get confused.\" He frowned. \"I didn't think about that.\" I opened my mouth to say something, but he spoke first. \"One of my dearest and closest friends was named Chip. The man was fatally injured on the day the Asgarth attacked Duckberg. As he lay dying under a pile of debris, he spoke to me his last words. \"He said, `Chad, promise to me something. Promise that you will name your firstborn son after me. But use my Shi'ar tribal name, Owamu Alawamia . \"He also made me promise to marry his unsightly girlfriend and raise his children.\" He frowned. \"Let's just call him Isosceles.\" Sleez swooped back in with a giant bug thing. It looked like a cockroach with a luggage handle for an antenna. \"Christmas gift from my sister,\" Misty explained. \"It's really well made.\" She cracked open the bug's shell, showing me a wide assortment of tools and weaponry mired in gooey bug intestines. Then she pointed something that looked like a hair drier at me. \"It's called an `Icer.' We can use this to immobilize targets.\" I smirked. \"Can it also style my hair?\" She stared at me. \"Have you been talking to my sister?\" I shook my head. Misty slammed the bug shut, offering me the handle. Shrugging, I delegated the task to Chad. \"Can we go now?\" Misty grabbed Master Blaster's tablet computer. \"Yes. Let's go. And I want you to answer a few questions as we do.\" I swallowed. \"Agreed, but I reserve the right to not answer if it gets too personal.\" Misty didn't look too happy about that, but didn't argue. We marched through the mirror. The place on the other side resembled an access tunnel beneath Hoover Dam, except with noise pollution. A long concrete tube, branching off several yards down the line. I would have hoped that employees got to be exempt from hearing show tunes 24-7, but, in addition to the muffled garbage being pumped into the tourists up top, a pair of Mickey shaped speakers barfed out the theme song to Toy Story , interrupted at the halfway point by the following announcement: \"Are you merely a Disney staff member , or are you doing all you can to make this the happiest place on earth? Look in the mirror and ask yourself: Have I delivered a smile today? Check your smile at the nearest Staff Smile Station.\" I heard another minute of You've Got A Friend In Me , then: \"Before you swear, ask yourself, are children listening?... Mickey knows . Each occurrence will be deducted from your regular paycheck. You have been warned.\" I always suspected Disneyland was a self governed entity, complete with courts, law enforcement, and an abridged form of the Constitution. Recordings like this proved my initial assumption that they intended to secede from the Union and become their own country. I sighed. \"Do you have a gun?\" Misty pulled one out of the cockroach, blowing the Mickey speaker to pieces. The noise didn't stop. A second Mickey head a yard down was playing Be Our Guest , and another past that, and another, for what looked like miles. I was thankful that Everything Is Awesome was not yet a Disney property. I would have blown my brains out. A plastic Donald watched us from the wall. His beak moved towards us, slowly nodding up and down, I guess to get a good look. I gave him the finger. Misty shot him. Glass, plastic and sparking wires showered down from the mounting bracket. \"Where's this spike located?\" I asked. Misty pushed some buttons on the computer, then frowned. \"It's below something called Epcot, in the Merry Mausoleum.\" I giggled. \"Merry Mausoleum?\" She shrugged. \"I'm just reading from the screen. Your guess is as good as mine.\" Strange to see a cartoon character who didn't know anything about Disney. I suppose it makes sense, though. The average American doesn't know who James Madison is. (I'd say George Washington, but there were pioneers in the field of comics and animation before Walt came up with his mouse). \"Okay. Which way?\" She consulted the screen. \"You should go straight down this tunnel, and turn right a mile down.\" Oh. Before anyone actually takes out a map and a ruler, keep in mind that I'm typing this on a cel phone, after all this stuff happened, and even if I have remembered it all correctly, I was never very good with numbers. Sorry to disappoint anyone who can tell me the exact distance in centimeters between Captain Pickard's bedroom, Spot's litter box, and the length of their tiny penis. Anyways, we walked. And walked. \"So,\" Misty said. \"You said I needed to research , in order to unleash my Inner Bitch . You, being the girlfriend... ex girlfriend, should be the foremost authority on the subject. Am I correct?\" I shrugged. \"I've been stalking him, off and on, for about a decade, so I guess you could say that.\" \"So...what makes him hurt the most? What really gets under his skin?\" I stopped walking. \"One word. Money. \" She froze, staring at me. \"I don't understand.\" \"He's a tax guy. He never misses a day of work. I'm pretty sure his car is paid off, and I think he didn't want to sleep with me because he saw me as a gold digger. The guy obsesses about money. If you want to hit him where it hurts, attack his wallet.\" After walking a little further, I added, as an afterthought, \"Just don't tell him it was my idea, okay? I still think he's...\" I cast a nervous glance at Chad. \"...A good American citizen. \" Chad smiled and nodded, possibly because he wasn't as bright as I originally thought. Hearing a strange noise a quarter mile down, I stopped to investigate. The sound came from a machine shop. Some sort of tool room for the repair of animatronic things and their displays. It looked like a morgue for dismembered Disney characters. It was a young little thing in a tiny pink jacket and silver shorts. I heard noises coming out of those surgically perfect lips, noises that could possibly be construed as music. \"I crack my panties for you...\" She poured cherry syrup on a circular saw blade. \"Oh baby...\" She licked the flat harmless side of the blade, singing, \"I crack my panties for you. ..\" I kept waiting for her to lick the blade's teeth, but she apparently did have some self preservation instinct inside that walnut sized brain of hers. \"Who is this, Ms. Buckthorn?\" Misty whispered. \"Fanny Fontana. She performs a sideshow act.\" Misty checked her computer, then whipped out the hair drier. Miley was pouring Hershey's Chocolate on a Black and Decker hand drill when she collapsed on the floor with an ice mark on the back of her blonde head. \"Sideshow act,\" Misty announced. \" Check .\" We tied Miley up in extension cord. Hearing the chirp of one of those cel phone walkie talkies, I popped my head out the doorway and saw a group of security guards with mouse insignia uniforms stomping down the corridor. \"We'd better get out of here, Misty.\" \"We have weapons , Ms. Buckthorn.\" \"Perhaps. But stealth is less expensive.\" Misty put one hand on her hip. \"What do you suggest?\" \"Hide.\" I pulled Chad and the baby behind a work table surrounded by decapitated plastic Disney characters, along the back wall. \"Psst!\" Misty said, pointing to a generic cartoony backdrop designed for showcasing automatons. A second later, she, Sleez and our equipment were two dimensional. I tried to climb in and take Chad with me, but my boyfriend kept falling back out. The security team, hearing the commotion, stopped by the room, looking in. A headless Ratatouille toppled over, giving away our position. They stormed through the door to investigate. An overweight Samoan woman, a muscular black guy with pink lipstick and mascara, and a narrow redhead woman with a butch haircut. By the time they entered the room, I had Chad and the baby stuffed inside Baloo from The Jungle Book, and I... ...I almost made it to the backdrop. At first, they just stared at me, crouched behind the work table. I stood up and sang Moon of Alabama at the top of my lungs, kind of a song and dance number, except I really hadn't rehearsed. Oh, and I licked the chocolate off the drill, to maybe, possibly convince them I was someone else. We had, in fact, hidden Miley under a big plastic Gay Pride banner, so... The routine worked for a moment, but then the guards stepped aside and I saw Mickey . As in, the real Mickey Mouse . Not a woman in costume. He was actually animated. The mouse pulled out a laser pistol, pointing it at me. \"You will accompany us to DPD Headquarters. Failure to comply will result in your execution.\" I picked up Goofy's severed leg, waving it around like a ball bat. \"You don't scare me. If a doodle kills me, I'll become a hundred percent doodle forever.\" \" I think not. \" Mickey armed his laser gun. \"This weapon will erase any doodle I point at. And one of these guards is carrying a very real handgun. Between the two, I think I'll be able to redecorate the walls with brains, or something , if you fail to cooperate.\"[Chapter 54] DREW They never really showed the cats' kitchen on Heathcliff . Food was either stolen or just magically materialized. Sometimes they went out or barbecued, but that was a rarity. I think they mainly ate cold pre-cooked chicken from the fridge or something. Cleo was a modern girl, and Riffraff and the gang were slobs. That's why, when Riffraff asked me to cook, I assumed he was joking. They actually had a kitchen, one from an ugly Airstream trailer. It had a handful of cabinets, a counter, a stove and a little sink. The windows were all open, and I could see ripped mosquito netting through the frames. Despite the huge amount of groceries we had bought, I didn't have anything of that much variety to work with. Ham, chicken, eggs, fish. I guess I almost could make fish batter, if I mixed bits of fried chicken with the eggs, but that would have been a waste of chicken. I checked the cabinets, though my expectations were low. I suspected I would have to go back to Dinosaucers to get `real groceries.' It was like a scene from The Twilight Zone . A scary monkey's face appeared inside one of those cabinets, shrieking at me. As I closed the door, it hit me in the head with a box of corn flakes. Bingo! Crumbled cereal, eggs, fish. I even found some pepper in another cabinet, plus the necessary pans and cooking implements. Being animated, it all looked perfect when I mixed the stuff and breaded the fish. It probably would have looked even better if I knew how to draw. As I was checking another cabinet, Cleo stepped into the room, smirking at me. I was Bird Woman, so it wasn't as awkward as it could have been. \"You know how to cook?\" I shrugged. \"Well enough.\" \"You look good as a French maid.\" I looked down, and decided it was just girl talk. \"Uh, thanks .\" I glanced at her sparkly collar. \"Congratulations, by the way. I'm sure it was as much a surprise to you as it was to him.\" She grinned. \"What are you talking about?\" I just rolled my eyes. \"Never mind.\" She sashayed out. Amanda joined me in the trailer as I was putting the fish in the oven. She peeled back my bandage. \"Feel any better?\" \"Not really. About the same, actually.\" She frowned. \"I guess I can go look for some thread and sew it up, or I could get you a doctor...\" \"No doctor, please.\" I sighed, unsure if thread were all I needed to do to get fixed up. \" Drew... \" she said. I furrowed my brow. What does she want now? I thought. Alternately, what bad news do you have for me? \"Yeah...?\" \"Did you really sleep with that noid girl?\" she asked. I swallowed. I guess I could have lied and said yes, since it might have changed her mind about sleeping with me, but I didn't really know if that would be enough to convince her ...I guess. \"We came close, but we didn't...do anything.\" She smiled. \"So I'm your first.\" That made me cringe. \"Technically. I suppose.\" She didn't get it. \"You mean there were others?\" I sighed. \"No, Amanda. You were my first . I'm just ashamed because it's freaking incest !\" She just giggled and checked the oven. \" Looks delicious! \" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"I just kind of threw it together.\" \"Why didn't you just use the Magic Box?\" \"The what?\" I said. She opened a cabinet under the counter, showing me a black box with no label. The lid looked like something from a pepper container. She sprinkled it on a piece of fish I'd set aside for the next batch, and immediately it was covered in all sorts of delicious seasoning. Vegetables also materialized out of thin air to give the item a gourmet look. \"Now that's just lazy,\" I said. \"Maybe,\" she said, sprinkling the fish in the oven. \"But all the chefs in Cool World use it.\" \"What about Ratatouille? I thought I saw actual cooking in that movie.\" \"I've seen him perform. It's a stage trick. He secretly puts powder from the box in his ingredient containers.\" Then she smirked. \"I never thought of using eggs and corn flakes.\" \"As a bachelor,\" I said. \"You either go broke eating out all the time, or you learn to cook.\" \"Or you sleep with a cook ,\" Sneezer said as he entered the room. I rolled my eyes. The mouse gazed at me with hearts popping out of his body. \"I've been watching you from the door,\" he said. \"You've been a rat this whole time.\" It was true. I guess the feminine side of my personality was really in its element, or something. I guess that also explained why I kept looking at him . \"I saw how you were kissing that bird, and touching her. Why didn't you just go through with it? Why did you have to send her into the Shadow Realm?\" \"I...\" I stammered. \"Would it have really been that bad?\" \"I don't know,\" I said. \"The baby play thing is a turn off, and I'm thinking, if we got into a relationship, she'd let her hair down, or her diaper , to be more accurate.\" \"But didn't you want her diaper removed?\" I sighed. \"Tee hee. What I meant was, she'd go back to her old ways.\" \"Then how about us ?\" he said with a grin. I found myself blushing. \"Look, uh, this isn't a good time. Let's do the date thing tomorrow or the day after and talk about it then.\" \"I like the sound of that!\" Sneezer said cheerfully. \"You're going to burn your food,\" Amanda said, grabbing some hot pads. The fish she pulled out of the oven looked like a painting, maybe even a painting on a box of fish batter, the older type that doesn't use photographs of glue coated plastic food that's supposed to be what your actual end product would look like. \"Do you know if Holli has found a cure yet?\" I asked. She set the fish on the counter. \"The last time I checked, she's still working on it.\" I put the fish on a plate, which magically garnished itself with a slice of lemon and sprig of parsley. Why am I doing this? I asked myself. I originally agreed to the slave bit to impress Amanda, because I didn't know she was my sister, and I wanted to sleep with her. Being that she's my sister, I really have no business sleeping with her, and so it would be better for both of us if we never touched each other again. I.e., I should make it a point to become less sexy, more loathsome, more rude, more disrespectful, etcetera. Furthermore, the cat probably cheated on the game. So why bother with working for this douche? Of course, I reconsidered, that douche did kind of save my life, and help Extra. I decided to try it a few days, and see if it's really as bad as all that. The cooking part was a cinch, so maybe the rest would be too? I heard a weird grinding sound, then a skinny guy in pinstripes, Buddy Holly glasses and stylishly swirled hair approached me. \"Did someone call for a Doctor?\" I furrowed my brow. \"Uh, yeah . You see, this evil rabbit threw a sharp pointy thing at my chest, and I wanted someone to take a look at it...\" \"All right,\" he said. \"Let's take a look at it, shall we?\" \"Okay.\" And I removed the bandage. The stranger sucked in his breath through his teeth. \"By jove, that is nasty, innit?\" He then gave me an embarrassed smile. \"Blimey. You need a doctor doctor.. Not quite qualified for that one, I'm afraid! \" And he dashed inside a blue London police box. The box faded from sight with a wheezing grinding noise, presumably going off to Metabolife 3 or whatever place the guy normally travels to. Wacky cameos. Par for the course around here, I thought as I re-bandaged myself. At least animated bindings didn't get dirty. Finding the cat reclining in pharaoh's garb on a chaise lounge, I brought him his plate. \"Uh, your dinner, your majesty.\" You kind of had to have a sense of humor about these things. \"Very good, slave,\" he said in a haughty tone. \"Now fan me with a giant palm leaf and/or feather.\" I rolled my eyes. \"And where would that be located?\" Riffraff pointed behind his recliner, so I fanned him with a giant palm leaf. \"Don't you have a bicycle that fans when you pedal?\" \" I suppose I do ,\" he said. \"But this is much more slave-like, don't you think?\" \"Maybe, but pedal power can generate electricity if you rig up the right type of equipment. Also, I'd be getting a better workout.\" \" I don't know about that . Your upper body seems a bit slight to me.\" \"Whatever,\" I groaned, waving the palm. \"So...\" Riffraff said in between bites of fish. \"Remind me again. What do you do for a living?\" Funny you should ask me a question like that, I thought, when you never actually had a job yourself. \"I'm a tax guy.\" \" That's great ,\" he said sarcastically. \"I'm glad I'll never have to make use of those particular services.\" \"Don't be so sure. We're buying your car. If this place operates even remotely like the real world, you're going to end up paying property tax.\" \"Explain this whole car buying process to me. I don't remember hearing about this stuff before. How does it work?\" \"Theoretically, in the real world... \" I told him how a car loan worked, with monthly installments, and repo trucks if you fail to pay. Then about the title, the tags, the insurance, and the yearly vehicle ownership tax. \"That sounds like a royal pain!\" he said. I supposed it was a pun, but I ignored it. \"The government is good at punishing people for living. It's just a fact of life.\" He frowned. \"So how are you going to pay all this?\" I sighed and shook my head. \"I think I'm going to need a job. Technically, a second job. \" \"I see,\" Cat Pharaoh said. \"Because your first job is slave.\" I smacked my head. \"Actually, I was referring to H and R Block, but yeah, I guess that would make it a third job .\" \"And how do you intend to do that?\" \"I saw a couple places in the paper,\" I said. \"I'm not sure they pay the type of currency I need, but I can check.\" \"Are there any contests?\" he asked. \"You could pay the car off a lot quicker if you found a good contest.\" I groaned. \"I want a guaranteed paycheck. I don't want to go on a wacky adventure.\" \"Why not?\" said a voice from the doorway. \"I love wacky adventures!\" It was Hector, back from...wherever he went. \"Good for you,\" I said. \"But if my life gets any wackier, they'll have to lock me in a padded cell with Daffy Duck. No thanks, I'll take a nine to five job.\" \"Nine to five?\" Riffraff said with suspicion. \"What about your slave duties?\" \"I can work evenings if you want. But we're looking at eight hours per day.\" \"But what about your slave job?\" he cried. \"There's been a slight revision in our contract,\" I said without the slightest bit of mirth. \"Plus it's technically your car, so it'll still be part of the deal.\" The way I figured, I was bending too far backwards with this slave business. If George Jefferson can have a lazy maid like Florence, I could give Riffraff a little less than what was expected . I'd do a good job, if it suited me . In between the cheating at sports, and Amanda being my sister, I figured I owed him at least half that much. Or should I say... little? And then Mongo popped in. \"Duh, is more fish in your contract?\" Riffraff gave me a questioning look. I gave him a `whatever' face. He clapped his paws, and off I went. \"Make that six fishes,\" Hector called. \"One for me and Wordsworth, and five for Mongo.\" It wasn't as difficult as it sounded. I probably could have opened my own restaurant in that place, making money and avoiding future problems. If only I knew. Amanda soon lost interest. \"I'm going back to the apartment.\" \"Are you sure?\" I asked. \"You were gung ho on this slavery business from the get-go. Don't you want to... observe ?\" \"I don't know. I originally had this idea of you coming home from a hard day of slavery, and sleeping with me. Maybe every day. I'd drop by periodically, just to see how hard you were working...I really hadn't planned to stand around all day while you played waitress.\" \"I thought you liked me.\" She looked pained. \" I do , Drew. I do. But, you know , you're different after you found out we're related. You're exploring your feminine side.. .too much.\" \"I wouldn't have kissed Sneezer if you hadn't told me to,\" I said. She reddened. \" I know. I mean, that's fine , in fact, it kind of makes me hot , but, well, you're not even that close to him at this point. So why am I hanging around so much? Don't get me wrong, I'll still be there for you, like a sister...\" I nodded. \"I'm boring. Got it.\" Still, she kissed me on the mouth. \"Call me when you're done for the day. My bed is still available.\" I reddened. Good idea or not, I didn't know where else I'd be sleeping that night. \"I'll...do that.\" Amanda put her Inspector Gadget watch on my wrist. \"Button one gets Chips. Two is my apartment. Three is mom, and four is dad.\" I squinted at the device. \"There's nine buttons. What do the other five do?\" \"I wouldn't touch them,\" she said. \"Oh...kay.\" I paused a moment. \"Did me and Cupcake make you hot?\" She shook her head. \"No. It made me laugh. \" Dane entered the kitchen. \"Are you taking off?\" My sister nodded. \"Take me along, please. It's boring here.\" I glanced at the doorway. \"I thought you liked Riffraff.\" \"Don't get me wrong,\" she said. \"He's cool, but...\" She frowned and stretched. \"I'm sick of looking at this dump. Maybe I'm just tired. I don't know.\" \"You could probably draw more interesting scenery if you wanted to,\" I said. \"Yeah...\" she said halfheartedly. \"I don't know. I don't want to mess up the design.\" \" All right ,\" I said. \"Good night, I guess. Good luck getting rest around here.\" That left Sneezer and Extra. Sneezer wasn't going anywhere. He kept playing with my tail, and Extra, well, he mostly spent all his time perching on my head and shoulders, or hiding in my pockets. When I brought out the food, Dane was telling Riffraff and Cleo congratulations, and following Amanda out. I went back to fanning my `pharaoh.' \"About this free market system...\" Riffraff said. \"Say I decided to make mallets, and anvils...\" I explained to him how Bill Gates made a startup company out of his garage, and how we'd have to do something similar to compete with Acme. \"That will be your assignment for later,\" he said. I decided to interpret this as \"Pursue it at your own leisure,\" because that's the only way I intended to do it. He had me clean up, fluff pillows, feed him grapes, and massage his back. When I stopped being a cute bird, or rat, he ordered me to go back to fanning him. Cleo was confused. Half the time, she looked jealous, but at other times, she just grinned at my humiliation, or, during a couple strange moments, actually gave me the eye, like she found me cute or something. Of course, she played it off and acted like she wasn't doing that, and even looked disgusted when I turned into bird woman. But yeah, I wasn't the only sketchy thing hanging around that place. Foot massages aren't as gross when the subject is animated, so I didn't care that much when Riffraff asked for one. The same went for massaging the other cats. The massage tables, conveniently, came from Hammer Space. \"How do you pay the Hammer Space bill if you don't have jobs?\" I asked. \"Ixnay on the amerspace hay,\" he said. \"We'll pay it when we find another contest or money making scheme,\" Hector said as I pounded his back. \"They always come around. You aim for first place, then sell off the second or third place prize you always get. We got five hundred bucks for that bronze comedy trophy we sold off.\" \"Drew just gave me an idea for our next scheme,\" Riffraff said. \"What was that scheme called again?\" \" Home business ,\" I groaned. \"And it's not simple. You actually work harder to get anywhere with one of those than you would a regular job with an existing company.\" \"Duh, is that like working from home?\" Mongo said. \"Yeah.\" \"I always wanted to earn money from home.\" Typical fat guy, I thought. \"It's great if you don't like to relax at home.\" Suddenly I heard a doorbell ring. Yeah. I don't get it, either. They had a pull rope outside, with a bell. When I answered the door, I saw a monkey in a suit, with a clipboard. \"Is this a bad time?\" I was in Florence mode. \"What are you?\" \"I'm a Survey Monkey,\" it said. I sighed. \"What do you want?\" \"I'm willing to give you a hundred bucks if you fill out my survey!\" And he waved a stack of cash at me. \"Well, I could use a few...\" I thought about snatching the dough, but I was a sport about it, taking the offered pen and filling in the blanks. Name, address, phone. Name of employer. Employer address and phone. The kind of stuff you put in for those `party for your office' contests at sub shops. I put down the 1800 number for my office, as a matter of course for such surveys, but I had to dig out the George Washington coat to get the address. The rest of the survey was complete rubbish. \"Do you like to eat beans?\" \"Do you like George Wendt?\" \"Do you like to watch movies featuring George Wendt while eating beans?\" And an additional page of various combinations of nouns and verbs involving beans and/or George Wendt. When I was finished with that stupid exercise, the monkey snatched the clipboard away, shoved the hundred dollars into my hand, then laughed and chattered in an evil way, disappearing into a cloud of red-purple smoke. \"What was that about?\" Sneezer said behind me. \"I don't know,\" I said, examining the money. \"But I'm thinking I probably won't be getting a free catered party.\"[Chapter 55] Jessica [0000000] When Mickey threatened my life, my first instinct had been to jump into the painting with Misty and hide, but I thought that wouldn't be fair to her, since it would reveal her position. Besides, on TV shows, the enemy always reveals their biggest secrets to their prisoners, either by taking them to the secret lair, or by giving them a `Since you're going to die anyway' speech. Plus, I could always try using my feminine charms on him. \"All right,\" I sighed. \"I surrender.\" Hearing the baby crying, I mean, hearing Isosceles crying , I quickly covered by pretending to be sick, coughing, moaning and clutching my stomach. It worked. I guess Chad silenced the baby after these antics, because nobody looked at the fiberglass Baloo again. \"Frisk her,\" Mickey said. The guy with the makeup gave me a regular pat down. \"She's got nothing. She's in a bikini.\" \"Idiot!\" said the mouse. \"You're doing it all wrong.\" With an impatient growl, he reached into my cleavage. \"Hey!\" I cried. \"Keep your mitts to yourself, buster!\" From Hammerspace, he pulled out an enormous mallet, my phone, a pistol, a machine gun, a bundle of TNT, a pair of nunchucks and a copy of the Mystery Date board game. \"With the exception of my phone,\" I said, \"I can swear with one hundred percent honesty that I have absolutely no idea those things were in there. Especially Mystery Date .\" And then he pulls out my vibrator. \"Okay, so maybe I knew that was in there. But the other things - no clue.\" Mickey looked rather smug and satisfied. \"There. Put her in restraints.\" They cuffed my hands behind my back. With real handcuffs. I smirked, pretended to be upset. If they were too dumb to figure out their own gag, that was too bad. I mean, if I could pull it off... I got led to a six seater golf cart designed to look like Goofy with a hat. The thing seated two per row, but I couldn't just roll out the side because I was stuck between Goofy's fiberglass ears, and the rear was blocked in as well. My guards all picked up mouse ears from their seats, putting them on their heads, as one, by law, would put on a hard hat at a construction site. As we rolled down the corridor a few yards, I noticed a gun handle hanging out the pocket of the black polyester uniform next to me. Makeup Guy. I thought it would be funny to slip my hands out of the cuffs and grab the gun, so I made the attempt. The moment my hand popped out and reached that way, Mickey spun around in the front passenger seat, pointing his death ray at me. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you.\" I gave him the finger with my free hand, then slid it back into the cuff. The Goofymobile sped down a confusing maze of tunnels, arriving at a plain gray security door labeled `WDPD HQ.' The Samoan let us in with her badge. The place looked more like the set of a science fiction movie than a real police station, the entry area like one of those movies where people go to a creepy corporation to buy androids, cloned babies, or the souls of poor people. The angular gray sofas added to the effect. I stared at the glass windowed offices, the forensics lab that reminded me of Bones , a place that looked more like something out of Star Trek than what you'd really use to investigate crimes. Their reception desk was huge, with a mouse logo, and a giant rotating metal Mickey head a few feet behind it. A grumpy looking woman in a gold Beauty and the Beast style gown occupied their reception desk, typing something on a computer. I noticed she had a conferencing phone, a set of ticket machines and a jar of suspicious looking candy in front of her. Mickey led me into an elevator with ceiling to floor monitors displaying everything from the old style ducks and cows from the dawn of Walt Disney's empire, to Big Hero 6 and Marvel's Avengers . Their Muzak system played that Part of Your World song from Little Mermaid (\"What's the word?... Dumb !\"). I imagine they used that same music to force Noriega out of his compound. \"If you're going to kill me,\" I said. \"Just get it over with. Don't torture me with this drivel.\" Nobody responded. We stood inside this elevator, no one speaking to each other. Unless you count Mickey mouthing the words to the song as `speech.' A minute later, the elevator came open again. When I stepped out, I literally found myself on the bridge of The Black Hole . Since they were the ones who produced it, and owned all the rights, they had repurposed the actual set for use as a surveillance hub. Instead of showing readouts of space, planets, life support or engine data, they had a bunch of camera views from inside the various gift shops, restaurants, rides, employee stations and bathrooms. Employees in red robes and silver face masks sat along the outer banks of monitors, one of them flipping their mask back to slurp from a large fountain drink. On the inner row, a station lower than the rest of the room, covered in radios, park controls and conferencing equipment, they had a bunch of guys in dresses . I'm still not sure what that was about. I know that Walt Disney once refused to fire a gay guy because he did good background paintings or something, but this was ridiculous. It was like they had a dress code . They all wore red and white spots, you know, Minnie Mouse pattern, with short skirts, mouse ears (complete with bow), black leggings, and red pumps. A taller guy, one with an eyepatch and a beret, in a black dress, leggings and black boots, snapped to attention and saluted Mickey has he passed. \"Herr Maus!\" Mickey nodded. \" Commandant. \" \"This is cute,\" I said. \"Who's your tailor? Ru Paul?\" \"You're right,\" said the guy with the girly eye makeup. \"She is a spy.\" \"Sir,\" one of the Minnies said to Beret Man, pointing to his monitor. \"We've caught a little girl shoplifting.\" \"Send her to the dungeon of the Haunted Mansion,\" Commandant said. \"Show her no mercy.\" \"What about the mother?\" \"Place here in the room with those things at IASW.\" \"But that's inhumane!\" Commandant didn't care. \"They shouldn't have shoplifted.\" \"What's IASW?\" I asked. \"It's A Small World,\" said Mr. Mascara. \"It's more expedient to use acronyms.\" \"Sir,\" said another Minnie. \"The peeping Tom is back at the ladies' dressing room.\" \"Don't bother me with trifles, ensign,\" Commandant said. \"They're grown women. Let them take care of themselves.\" I whistled. \"I'm glad I don't work here! And I always thought it would be the best job ever. \" \"Come with me,\" Mickey said gruffly, leading me down an angular corridor set, also from The Black Hole , the one the faceless guys carried corpses through. I was taken to a Mickey Mouse interrogation room. Literally. I'm pretty sure they recycled the honeycomb patterned holding cell from Agents of Shield. Differences: It had silver mouse ears on the walls, a steel table embossed with Mickey and all his friends, and a giant sign on the door showing the mouse with a police hat. The guards shoved me into a metal chair with a mouse logo on it, cuffing me to the type of handcuff bars they have on all those cop shows. Mickey waved two of my escorts out. The other two stood sentry at the door. And then Mr. Eyepatch came in. Not as cute as Chad. \"Who is this?\" the man asked. \" That is why she is here, Commandant,\" Mickey said. \"This is the blip you found in the employee access tunnel.\" Commandant stared at me. \"She's animated!\" I crossed my legs, and I turned human. Mr. Eyepatch frowned. \". ..Mostly. \" The mouse pointed a lamp in my face. \"Who are you?\" \"Jessica Buckthorn.\" I could have given my real name, but I wanted to protect my credit, my mostly spotless court record, and my good name. Commandant propped one boot up on a nearby chair. Not such a great thing to do in a skirt. Through the mesh of his sheer nylons, I could tell he shaved his legs. In between that and the fact I couldn't see any activity going on under there pretty much told me what I needed to know: My feminine charms wouldn't work here. \"What are you doing here?\" Glancing down at my outfit, I realized I would have to be very creative with my lies. Mickey took out an Iphone, texting someone. I could guess what that was about. \"I...I was making out with a guy in the bushes, and about halfway into it, the rat stole my clothing and ran off somewhere. I was so pissed.\" Mickey rolled his eyes. \" And all you could find to wear was that cape. \" \" Yeah, \" I said. \"Your souvenir shop is overpriced, so I thought I'd swipe some costumes from your `employees only' store. Those red dresses, though... they're really designed for someone less bosomy. \" Mickey reached across the table, grabbing me by that collar thing that I normally wear for sexier purposes. He was stronger than I expected him to be. Of course, I had turned animated when he grabbed me. \"Can the crap. Animated people don't just waltz into restricted areas of Walt Disney resorts.\" \"I know how to pick locks,\" I said. \" And I really wanted clothes. \" He squeezed my collar tighter. \"How did you get into Tinkerbell's Tunnels!\" I chortled through my nose. \"I snorted some magic dust.\" Mickey slapped me across the face. \"It's not nice to hit a woman,\" I said. \"That's exactly what Minnie told me.\" \"Before or after she slept with goofy?\" He slapped me again. \"Gosh! Touchy subject!\" Slap. \"How did you get into Tinkerbell's Tunnel?\" \"With my fingers,\" I purred. \"Mmmm... I just reached under her skirt , and...\" Another slap to the face. The Samoan lady marched into the room. \"We checked credit card accounts, license plates and hotel registries. No record of any Jessica Buckthorn anywhere in the system.\" Commandant narrowed his eye. \"What is your name!\" \"Your boss, who incidentally is animated , answers to the name `Mickey Mouse' and you question what I say? Talk about a double standard!\" That earned me a slap. \"Name,\" Mickey growled. \"I'm a fictional character!\" I cried. \"Maybe I don't have a name or credit card or anything!\" Mickey shook me, yelling in my face. \"How did you get into the tunnels!\" \"I picked the lock!\" I yelled back. \"Name!\" Commandant hollered. Slap! \"What are you doing in Disneyland!\" \"I wanted to see The Pirates of the Caribbean !\" I said. Slap! \"Try again!\" \"Okay, okay. I really came all the way to California to see E.T. The Ride .\" Slap! \"This is Florida! \" \" No wonder the place looks funny! \" Slap! \"Name!\" Commandant stepped out of the room, returning with a small portable stereo. He pushed a button, and I was blasted with A Whole New World . And slapped. \"Fine!\" I shouted. \"You want the truth? I found a portal into a cartoon universe, and one of the animated characters I met there opened a portal to your stupid tunnel. Can I go now?\" Commandant just shook his head, cranking up the volume. \" What were you doing in the tunnel?\" \"Name!\" Mickey yelled. \"You are clearly part human,\" said Commandant. \"And humans have identities .\" Mickey slapped me. \"Why are you here!\"[Chapter 56] \"Wait,\" I told Mickey as he raised his hand again. \"What are these `things' in the It's A Small World ride you were talking about?\" In response, he shouted, \"I'll take you to meet them if you don't give me the answers I want!\" And that was explanatory as it got. \"All right, all right!\" I cried as I was struck again. \" I tell you every thing!\" The two stared at me expectantly. I did my best impression of that character from Mad TV . \"He... He look like a man. \" \"Do you like getting slapped?\" Mickey said. \"I don't know,\" I said. \"I am wearing a kinky bondage costume, but I'm really not feeling it right now .\" He punched me in the stomach. \"What would people say if I told everyone about you locking children in a dungeon?\" I threatened. Mickey shrugged. \"This isn't the corner drugstore, Ms... Whoever You Are .\" \"Buckthorn,\" I supplied. \" Whatever. The point is, it's just your word against mine, and we're a billion dollar company. We own every major media outlet. Any negative publicity you throw at us won't stick because we'll blanket the press with programming saying how great we are, and we'll keep blanketing it until your smear campaign goes bankrupt. The world will think it's all just a bunch of sour grapes. More money hungry schemers trying to bite a chunk out of the Disney empire. It's cute, in a pathetic sort of way.\" I shook my head in disbelief. \"Sounds like you've really thought this out. Who else have you given that speech to?\" The mouse gave me a thin smile. \"Have you heard of Google ?\" When I looked confused, he added, \"You should try it sometime. Fascinating source of crackpot conspiracy theories. \" I frowned. \"Now...\" the mouse said. \"Where were we?\" I heard a knock on the door, and the bulky dark haired woman came in, bearing an envelope. \"Herr Mickey, sir! Important message from Friendship Ambassador Sleezington.\" \"Yes, yes,\" Mickey grumbled, ripping it open. It was a piece of paper, folded over several times. He scowled, spreading it out on the table. All I saw was a circle, drawn by a ball point pen. \"What is this!\" Mickey shouted, turning the paper around and around. \"Um, this is just a guess,\" I said. \"But I think it's a concept design for a toy. ` You know, for kids!' \" \"What?\" Mickey said with an expression of bafflement,. \" Hudsucker Proxy . Great movie. You should watch it sometime.\" He glared at me for a moment, then his eyes widened in shock. \"I never hired anyone named Sleezington!\" A slender hand shot out of the two dimensional circle, punching the mouse in the face. A second later, I was being grabbed by the shoulders, then forcefully yanked facefirst into the paper. I was human, so the only thing accomplished by the action was a lot of hurt. \"How is this possible!\" Mickey yelled. \"This room has cartoon power suppression fields!\" \"Sir, forgive me for saying so,\" said Mr. Mascara. \"But remember that line from Jurassic Park? \" Mickey rolled his eyes. \"`Shit happens?'\" \"No,\" said the man. \"The other one. `Life finds a way.'\" \"Because it's funny,\" Mickey muttered under his breath like he were swearing. I didn't hear the rest of it, because the hands pulled me into the piece of paper again. This time, my head didn't stop at the paper surface and/or table. I actually went through , into the two dimensional plane . I blinked, I found myself being pulled onto a paved walkway near Journey Into Imagination. I could see the glass pyramids a few yards away, swarming with stupid tourists with too much money in their pockets. Behind us lay a lagoon. I stared at my manner of transport, a piece of paper with glowing crystals placed on the corners. Misty smiled at me. Well, whatever works. I looked around the mob of park visitors, but, due to the bizarre and garish outfits everyone wore, I couldn't tell where anyone was, even if they happened to be a cartoon made of human skin. \"Where's Chad?\" Misty shrugged. \"Probably still signing autographs in front of the Buzz Lightyear ride. I told him to say he was part of the new Invasion of the Kangaroo Mutants ride.\" I stared at her for a moment. \"Anywhere else, and I'd say you didn't know how to lie right. But we're standing in the middle of a dozen stupidly named stores and restaurants, so your alibi is one hundred percent compelling.\" Half concealed by cartoon themed topiary creations, we still received a lot of stares, applause and people taking selfies in front of the spectacle. I marched forward and took a bow, telling the onlookers to see more at Sexysquirrelgraphicartsandproductions dot net (the phone's acting up - couldn't get the file to save the actual URL) as I juggled rocks and sang the Prince Ali song from Aladdin , and that popular one that says that people in Arabia cut off your hand if they don't like your face. The benches in that area looked like eggs, kind of like the chairs I'd seen in photos of the 1978 World's Fair, or Men In Black , except they seated more than one person. Misty reclined in one, watching me work. When I started trying to guess people's ages and weights and birthdays, informing them several times about my website's features, custom animation and birthday parties, people got bored and walked away. At least, I thought they were bored. Who knows? They may have crashed the website with a million hits or something. Misty clapped appreciatively. \"I wish I knew how to do that!\" \"What?\" I said. \"Be boring?\" She said yes. I rolled my eyes. \"Why spoil things? You're so fun!\" \"What would be a good way to get Drew's geographic location and place of business?\" she said suddenly. \"Uh...\" I hesitated. I really didn't have it out for Drew, but Misty was a friend, and she had just gotten me out of a tight jam. \"I...I still think Drew is kind of cute. For that reason, I really don't want to... ruin things . Just in case... you know . So I really wish you'd do some of the work on that yourself.\" Noting that this sounded bad, I quickly added, \"Don't get me wrong, I love working for you, and would like to help out in any way I can, but, well, that's not something I want to touch. I hope you understand. \" Misty nodded. \"Yes. I think I do.\" But then she said, \"I just need a hint. \" With a sigh, I said, \"You know those little forms they have in sub shops?\" \"No?\" she said. I explained, and she made a call with a little tricorder thing. \"Wait,\" I said. \"What did you do with Miley?\" Misty opened a panel on a sculpture topped with the planet Saturn, dragging out our captive, now with a gag tied around her mouth. \"This place has all kinds of secret hiding places, if you know where to look...Come. We have a spike to procure.\" We followed Master Blaster's computer down a path running beside the Innoventions plaza, earning a place in about a thousand websites, and twice that many Facebook walls. Sigh. The moment we passed by the building with the big glass volcano things, I noticed the spacesuit clad statues of Mickey and friends turning their heads like The Exorcist . Their arms and legs began to move, each of them stomping in an intercept course. People stopped and took pictures, clapping, as before. I guess they thought this was more wizardry from The Imagineers, or something. I guess it could be. Maybe stuff like the animatronic T-Rex at Mickey's Parade is just a front for covert military experiments. They certainly have more money than the Pentagon, so anything's possible. Whatever the agenda, this was no show. As they marched forward in zombie-like fashion, I noticed their gloved fingers folding down like flip top cigarette lighters, exposing suspiciously gun-like weapon barrels. I saw a flash, and a chunk of a nearby tree exploded in a shower of wood chips.[Chapter 57] Drew \"So,\" Amanda said as she was drove me to the apartment. \"How was slave duty?\" \"It was all right,\" I said, idly playing with my tail. For the last fifteen minutes or so, I had been sort of the male version of Vanessa Vixx. I had cat ears, a tail, slacks, and a windbreaker with an ascot. I supposed my ink levels were balancing out or something. \"I made about fifty bucks, five fifty counting the survey I took.\" \"That's great!\" she said. \"How'd you pull that off?\" And so I told her about my day. I'd done a thorough search of the junkyard, finding a wide assortment of Acme products of varying degrees of usefulness. It also contained a creepy looking altar covered with arcane markings, surrounded by skulls on pikes. I'm not sure what that was about, but the moment I saw green translucent hands reaching out of it, I hurried away as quick as I could. Especially when it thundered, and lightning flashed across the stone obelisks. I slipped on a puddle of green slime, coming away from the mess with my hands covered in black feathers. I wiped my hands, backing away further. It seemed the thunderstorm was some sort of microburst, for the weather returned to normal once I returned to the steadily growing pile of Acme items I had gathered together. At any rate, I discovered that half the items that backfired on Wiley Coyote, such as explosives or Triple Strength Battleship Armor Plate, did so due to improper use. \"That pair of skis look fine to me,\" Wordsworth said as I examined a bent up pair of roller skis. \"Why they're broke is a mystery.\" He and Mongo had been assigned to help me while Riffraff and Cleo `enjoyed the evening'. \"Maybe all terrain wheels will help,\" I muttered. \"And maybe an instruction manual telling you not to roll off a cliff.\" \"Duh, maybe you could make some padding,\" Mongo said. \"So that people don't get hurt!\" I nodded. \"I knew you were smarter than you acted!\" The big gray cat smiled stupidly, sticking his finger in his ear. We'd been looking at stuff like this for what seemed like hours. I still didn't know what to think about the jet propelled pogo stick. Why would anyone want to buy something like that? \"I bet you could bounce to the moon with that,\" Mongo said as I turned it over in my hands. \"The thing's a bust,\" Wordsworth agreed. \"There's too much thrust.\" We'd actually fixed the thing once, and I ended up punching a hole in the roof of the office building behind the dump. Excuse me. Holes . Honestly, it weirded me out. First I'm screaming my head off as I'm bouncing a few hundred miles above Toon Town, then I'm slamming into an actual executive office with real people in it. I destroyed a desk in the Payroll office and broke a bunch of stuff, keyboards, monitors, some kind of decorative vase. A short little black man, probably the CEO, looked all pissed off, but not completely surprised. I ended up sprawled on my back in their meticulously cut back yard, which, for some reason, had real grass in it. I kind of guessed I might not be considered for employment there anytime soon, but hey, no big loss. At any rate, the pogo stick worked, so we scoured the junkyard for anything that could control the rockets' thrust. We used a push button car radio for a control unit, which added kind of a fun extra feature. For the rocket choke mechanism, we used part of a discarded mouse strangulation machine. In case you're wondering, you would have had to shove Sneezer's head inside the cage and waited for the slow moving hand to tighten around his neck for it to even work. The owner must have decided it easier just to strangle mice the old fashioned way. In Cool World, wiring is oversimplified. Everything is red, green, yellow or some other pastel color, like that TV game show where you defuse bombs full of tapioca pudding. Absurdly simple. As long as you're not colorblind, all you had to do was connect red to red, blue to blue, green to green. Hook it up to the generic gray box and you're done. So...skipping over the boring technical details (because there aren't any), we developed a successful prototype, with six channel change buttons for six different height settings, as well as a music shutoff switch. Sure, still probably a recipe for disaster (like if someone decided to change channels), but a vast improvement to the uncontrollable joke of a product the Acme company devised. I did the generic cartoon thing of creating a pad suit with pillows and such, which worked fairly well for my purposes. I safely cruised the neighboring area tune of Satisfaction , rising no further than rooftop level on a small house. I landed fairly gracefully in front of a house, which would have been great, had I not gotten mobbed by strange looking cartoon kids. The doodles looked like they had been drawn by someone with Parkinson's, a yellow guy with a buzz cut and a green jacket, a tan guy with a black hat, a red faced guy, a kid with that old kind of braces where the metal wraps around your face, and an Indian kid. Ed, Edd and Eddie. They even had the kid with the smiley face piece of wood hanging out with them. They didn't stare at me that much, probably because they lived among weird looking characters all day. They mostly stared at the pogo stick, asking me for rides. I said no, I was looking to sell. \"I'll give you a hundred jawbreakers for it!\" said the pink faced one with the red and yellow shirt. \"Try a hundred dollars ,\" I said. \"We don't have a hundred dollars,\" said the Ed with the black cap and the orange shirt. They were kids, and the materials I used were recycled, so I said, \"Can you at least meet me halfway at fifty? I'll throw in the padding. \" \"We don't have fifty,\" said the cap guy. Groaning, I said, \"How much do you have?\" They offered me two dollars and fifty cents. \"That's our final offer,\" one of the Eds said. \"No deal,\" I replied. \"I'm certain the materials alone go for around forty five.\" Admittedly, not my materials, but I figured the junkyard owner would be reimbursed for them, one way or another. \"We've got twenty two fifty,\" said the stupid cross eyed one, Ed, I believe, and not Double D. The other kids glared at the slow kid. \"Don't tell him that!\" snapped Hat Guy. \"Twenty five,\" I said. \"That's as low as I'll go.\" Violins played as Eddy told me some store about how they were saving the money to build a giant treehouse with a jawbreaker dispenser and a soda machine or something ridiculous like that. \"You don't have to buy it. Build your treehouse. I'll sell this to someone else.\" \"I'll go get the money jar,\" Ed said. He zipped away, coming back with a handful of cash...and change. So I had my first sale. When I told the cats at the dump about it, they got excited and thought I was, or rather, they were going to be millionaires overnight. I explained that wasn't how it worked. I frowned at the money I collected, worried about someone stealing it, like the kids, or even a cat. \"Is there a bank around here?\" I asked. \"I wouldn't use it if I were you,\" Hector replied. \"They get robbed every day, and blown up every week.\" \"There's a superhero bank in town,\" Wordsworth said. \"But they won't accept just any clown.\" \"I'll have to ask dad,\" I muttered, stuffing the money in my colonial peacoat. I'd probably lost it to Hammerspace, but oh well. We tinkered with a few more things that evening, a primitive sort of DaVinci inspired airplane that you pedaled, a jet propelled unicycle (I put car tires on the sides for support), and a hot air balloon, among other objects. I found a few Acme products that I couldn't fathom, like the large `Artificial Rock', the `Earthquake Pills', or the `Anti-Nightmare Machine' that resembled a mechanical bull. I also found something called an `Electric Eye Security System', an item so basic that you could do better building one from scratch. We modified some rocket skates to operate at a slower speed and sold those, but that was about it for the evening. \"It sounds like you're finding your niche,\" Amanda said when I had finished telling her all this. I just frowned. \"I'm not so sure. It's all a big gray area. The trade laws, the copyright laws, sales tax, espionage, insider trading...if we ever get big enough to get established, I don't know what will happen.\" \"I'm sure you'll figure something out.\" She paused. \"Wait. What's this about a survey?\" I told her about the Survey Monkey. She furrowed her brow. \"Drew, I don't think that was such a good idea. \" \"He only asked me my address and stuff about George Wendt.\" \"That's just it. Doodles don't do that. Not for money, at any rate.\" \"So...what was that?\" \"I don't know, but it doesn't sound good.\" She smoothed out her see through plastic skirt. \"What do you think of the outfit?\" She must have had another visit to the mold machine or something, because she now wore a little white and red jacket, midriff length, with long transparent sleeves. Through the skirt, I could see a white bikini bottom, trimmed with red piping, long white and red boots that came up way above the knees. She had traded in the regular set of bunny ears for an angular slightly robotic looking pair. Overall, her outfit resembled that of a Japanese cartoon character. I swallowed. \"It's, uh... cute. \" \" Drew... \" she said. \"Fine,\" I blurted. \"It's really cute. \" \"Are you going to do it again?\" Sneezer said over my shoulder. The mouse had been quietly hanging around me as I worked all evening. Since I had been human, or at least male most of the time, I noticed his interest in me waning a little, but he kept on reading a bunch of books oddly specific to our situation, like Sexual Identity Issues In Half Doodle Hybrids , Loving the Transformed Humanoid, Bring Out the Amorous Rodent in Anyone, and Touching The Inner Rodent of a Shapeshifting Mutant. I tried to peek at a couple of them, but he'd quickly shoved them back into Hammer Space. \"I don't think so,\" I answered, but Amanda said, \" Anything's possible. \" I sighed. \"Do you really want to go back the way you were?\" She shrugged. \"I don't know. Do you? \" \"I thought you wanted to become one hundred percent human.\" Amanda frowned. \"I do. But you obviously aren't happy about it. I thought maybe, since mom is still working on the cure...\" \"That seems like a good idea,\" I said. \"But I don't know if it would work. There's a chance you might just take whatever's left of my humanity and make me completely animated.\" \"I guess you're right. Still, I wonder what you were thinking when you were kissing Cupcake.\" \"Um...\" I stammered. \"`Get off me'?\" The expression on her face said that she didn't buy it. \" Drew... \" \"Okay,\" I blurted. \"I admit she's a nice kisser, but I'm not into baby play.\" My sister looked disappointed. \"I suppose it's just as well. Dane is trying to sleep.\" Chips pulled up in front of the apartment, and we all got out, Amanda folding the vehicle into a suitcase. As we sat in the genie bottle elevator, staring at the sparkly designs on the walls, I felt something wrap around my tail. I was a rodent again, apparently, and Sneezer had taken advantage. He seemed tired, leaning against me. It wasn't anything perverted, so I let him be for a few moments. But then I noticed his paw sliding over my thigh. I opened my mouth to complain, but then I changed to myself in animated male form, so he quickly pulled his paw away. If Sneezer ever became bi, it would all be over. When I entered the apartment, I saw Dane curled up on the little sofa by the bookshelves. To my chagrin, I saw that Amanda had been helping her dress. Not as risque, I admit, but still not the kind of thing you wear outside a nightclub. All black, the upper portion a small sort of vest with a skull and snakes painted on it in sort of an Aztec style, with a tall fan collar. For the bottom portion she had a diagonally slanting skirt with a skull on the butt. I noticed this last item because she had curled up with her rear end facing the door. Light glistened off her long boots, the wrist cuffs with spiky studs on them. She didn't stir when we came in. It must have been a long day for her. I wearily staggered over to the bed, flopping down onto the covers. \"Honey,\" Amanda said as she climbed in next to me. \"You'll get it all wrinkled!\" I frowned. \"What?\" \"The French maid,\" she said, tugging at the bottom of my dress. I'd transformed again. Another tug, and my outfit up like a window shade, leaving only the neck piece. \"I don't understand. How would that not wrinkle it?\" \"This is Cool World. Just accept it.\" When she pulled the collar over my head, I suddenly noticed I had been stripped to my underwear. She pressed me to the bed, straddling my hips as she unbuttoned her skirt. The birds squeezed out of my rolled up clothing, fluttering up to the bookshelves to get a good view of the action. Sneezer ate popcorn. \"No,\" I protested. \"We're not doing that . We just had this discussion a few seconds ago. \" Without a word, she unzipped her little jacket partway, taking out a flat little glistening package. I groaned. \"I see you've been giving this some thought.\" She tore it open with her teeth, pulling out... a glowing condom . She stretched it out. It was animated, but thankfully without a talking face. \"Okay...a lot of thought.\" The mouse had brought out a chair from somewhere, slurping noisily from a soda as he watched. A real mouse would explode, because they can't digest carbonation. I kind of wished for it to happen... but then I kinda didn't . As if this hadn't been embarrassing enough, I noticed Dane sitting up on the couch, staring at us. \"You guys care if I watch?\" \"Not at all,\" my sister said. She waved the condom at me. \"I thought about getting Midnight Cowboy or the French Tickler, but I wasn't sure you'd want it talking back.\" I nodded. \" That definitely would have been disturbing! \" I flickered, transforming into a humanoid rat creature. \"Now,\" she breathed, laying down on top of me. \"Let's see who kisses better. Me, or Queen Poopy Bird.\" \"Honestly,\" Dane said. \"You'd have to wash a lot less cars if more birds did wear Depends.\" My sister turned her head to glare at her. \"Dane, sweetie, I don't mind you watching, but could you refrain from talking until the end of the performance? \" Giggling through her nose, Dane pantomimed zipping her lips. As Amanda brought her chin close, lips poised to meet mine, I turned real. \"You know, we never really kissed that much before.\" \"A pity,\" she said, giving me a deep heavy one. After about a minute or so of doing this, rubbing up against me and everything, she pulled away and said, \"How's that compare to bird beak?\" Ironically, I had become a crow. \"I don't know which is worse,\" I chirped. \"Telling you I like kissing Diaper Bird, or saying that my sister kisses better than...my other girlfriends?\" \" Half sister,\" she purred, kissing me again. \"But I'll take it.\" I was now green and had antennas sticking out of my head, but I was still male, and only wore a pair of boxers. She sat back on my legs, tugging the shorts down. \"This isn't right,\" I said. \"We've got protection, and you're green,\" she answered, like that made it okay. I transformed into my cartoon self image, ink and paint underwear around my knees. \"I know. It's still wrong.\" \"Your Like Meter is saying something else.\" \"What does it know?\" She shrugged. \" It knows what it likes. \" She unrolled the cartoon contraceptive over my Like Meter. Once it had been stretched to a certain length, I noticed a mustache on it, and a thin little mouth. The mouth opened. \"You have a wee weewee , monsieur.\" \"Oh damn,\" Amanda said. \" I grabbed the wrong ones. \" Really, she didn't seem to be that upset. I paled. \" Ones? As in plural?\" That's when I heard a muffled \" Whee doggies! \" \"I hope you don't mind too much.\" She pulled the French Tickler all the way on. \"It doesn't look like you do...\" I thought of the phrase `Sacre bleu' and immediately cringed. \"What happens if I turn into a female? Is it just going to fall off?\" \"Why would it fall off?\" She removed my boxers completely. \"More than fifty percent of what you turn into has to do with your psychological state. I should know, I've dealt with it all my life.\" I said turned into an anatomically correct robot. \"Then...maybe we should spend the evening practicing how to do that.\" She fingered the French Tickler. \"Exactly. This is going to be an educational experience for both of us.\" \"Wait. What are you going to learn?\" \"Technique. \" I had become a naked clown, but she didn't care. She grabbed my hands, sliding my fingers into the waistband of her bikini bottom. \"But it'll fall off, right? If I abruptly change sexes for a minute?\" \"It's animated,\" she said, following up with a kiss. \"It can go concave, like a diaphragm.\" \"I was not aware that monsieur's weewee was that wee wee ,\" the tickler said. \"But I will accommodate whatever madame wishes.\" \"You had to get the talking condom,\" I groaned. She honked my red nose. \"It won't talk so much once it's inside something.\" That just made me shudder. I was real, and naked, with my fingers in her waistband, but I still hesitated. I really wasn't sure I wanted to go through with this. I know what my body told me, but c'mon. We're related. She made my fingers pull the bikini bottom off. Well, I thought as she rubbed against me, easing herself down to the point of insertion. I suppose this is nothing I haven't done before. That's as far as we got. Suddenly I had breasts, my voice raising a couple octaves as I softly moaned. \"Sacre bleu!\" cried the Tickler. \"Where did you go?\" \"C'mon Drew!\" Amanda growled as she rubbed up and down against my orange furry body. \"Focus! Think about me! Think about how I make you feel! \" \"I am!\" I said. \"Then pretend I'm someone else! Cupcake, and ex girlfriend, anything! \" She kissed my muzzle like a sex starved lesbian, fondling me all over the place. I only turned into a girl parrot. \"You're my sister,\" I explained. In a fit of sexual frustration, she let out that Yosemite Sam noise. It sounded just like her mother, which killed the mood even more. I turned into a female bat. \"Fine!\" she shouted, climbing off the bed. \"I get it! You don't like women! I understand completely! I don't either! \" \"I thought you were going to train him, \" Dane said. Both I and my sister glared at her. The human raised her hands defensively. \" You said to wait until the show was over... \" Amanda shook her head, pulling her bikini bottom back on. \"I said I'd train him , not control his mind. \" I turned into rat girl. Realizing who was looking at my nipples, I quickly covered myself with sheets. My sister seemed to notice this, for she marched up to the mouse, snatching away his popcorn bucket. \"All right, Sneezer. You give it a try. He's going to break, one way or another!\" The mouse eagerly leapt to his feet, rubbing his paws together. \"Hot diggity dog!\" As he jumped into bed with me, Amanda took a seat in Sneezer's chair, scooping mouthfuls of popcorn into her mouth as she slowly crossed and uncrossed her legs. \" Wow ,\" Sneezer said as he took off his jacket. \"I know you promised a date, but I had no idea it was that kind of date!\" \"It's not,\" I stammered. \"Really, Sneezer. Believe me, it's not.\" \"Then why are your nipples hardening?\" I pulled the covers back up, letting out an embarrassed squeak. \"It's cold!\" He pulled off his shirt and laid on top of me, rubbing his naked chest against my bare breasts. \"Then let me warm you.\" I let out my loudest girly scream ever, and actually did that thing where you turn into a puff of smoke, jump through a wall, and leave a hole shaped like your body behind you. On my way back downstairs, I collided with a figure in a yellow jumpsuit. Reddish brown hair. Sort of freckly. \"April!\" I blurted. The woman narrowed her eyes at me. \"Do I know you?\" \"Uh, no,\" I said. \"I just...loved that piece you did about the Foot Clan.\" She smiled. \"Thank you.\" There was an awkward pause. I guessed it might have something to do with me being naked, but Bugs Bunny was naked, and nobody cared about that . \"So,\" I said. \"What are you doing up here? \" April took out a notepad. \"I'm investigating an incident that happened at the C.C. Knicknockers establishment earlier today, one resulting in several injuries and thousands of dollars in property damage. It appears that, before the incident, a brown rodent in a kimono had been sighted in the area...\" Unsurprisingly, I just so happened to match that description, without the clothes. \"Have you noticed anything unusual in the area lately? Any strange new tenants?\" That tenant would be me. \" No...\" April frowned. \"Don't look at me. I don't even own a kimono.\" She sighed, staring like she didn't quite believe me, but then did that thing you see in all those Fugitive type movies, when the guy puts on a really bad disguise, and the cop is too dumb to realize that the sketchy guy with the false mustache and glasses is still wearing a prison uniform. \"My apologies, ma'am. I've just heard reports of a doodle matching that description, and a vehicle similar to the one found at the scene of the crime was seen at this location.\" The Owlmobile had been to the high rise a few times. \"I don't know what you're talking about,\" I lied. She looked even more suspicious, then even more like a dopey movie cop. \"Well, if you ever do see her, tell her she's an inspiration to all animal lovers, and I'd love to have an interview with her.\" As flattering as this all was, I suspected this to either be a trap, or a great way to get my ass kicked by Miss Terious's goons. \"I'll...let her know.\" She gave me a weird look again, then walked away. You're a cartoon, I told myself. Cartoons never have a dull moment. That's good and bad. I wandered down the hallway, trying to sort out my thoughts. \"I see you're enjoying yourself. \" I looked up and saw Amanda's mother, now in human form. Fair skin, hair the color of tarnished gold. When I looked at myself, I saw that I was human again, and naked. \"Actually, fun was trying to be had with me , and I wasn't having it.\" She rolled her eyes like I did that kind of thing all the time, then pointed to a watch on her wrist. \"See that? I haven't turned into a doodle for more than twelve hours!\" \"You found a cure?\" I shouted with barely contained excitement. \"It's difficult to say,\" she said. \"But so far, I haven't changed back. I think it's a very good sign. Come into my suite. I'll show you.\"[Chapter 58] Jessica 0000 If you've read my description of Disneyland and thought I didn't know what I was talking about, that's partially intentional. If people actually knew where Mickey installed his own death machines, he'd move them, which will make it harder for us to destroy the installations in the future. Also, it's because a guy dressed as Minnie shot me in the head with some kind of electrical charge, which screwed my memories up. Anyways, those things, and guys in drag shot at us, and we ran. One of their blasts did hit me in the head, and Misty and her boyfriend were carrying me, firing at robotic Mickey and Goofy with their own weaponry. Misty's bug luggage thing moved remarkably fast, a handy thing because she kept pulling weapons out of it. The English coonhound-ish head of one of the machines exploded. The response of the crowd was similar to something you'd hear at The Haunted Mansion. Nobody thought it was real. I knocked over a fat guy in a pirate shirt, which I felt bad about, and then a staff lady dressed as Snow White, which I didn't feel bad about at all. Chad somehow caught up with us as Misty was showing me how to use her weapons. I blew up a mechanical Daisy Duck, something I'm very proud of. Storefronts, porches of restaurants, and other decoration shattered and exploded in the melee. Following the map, Misty led us to a locked gate behind the Enormous Silver Golf Ball Thing, blasting through the lock. The Mickey Mouse intercom system shouted at us as we barged down the staircase, into the darkened tunnel beyond. It looked like the entrance to a subway. A nice subway. One with shrubbery all around the staircase, to hide it from nosy tourists. We destroyed a steel security door, breaking into another set of underground tunnels, this one below the humming, banging and thundering equipment of action rides. The machines stood in separate white rooms, with card scanner doors, a mess of complicated cables, and stacks of flashing computers everywhere. We passed room after room of nothing but thousand dollar computer stations, monitored by yuppies in business casual. I bet Mickey would have had them in dresses too, if these tech guys didn't occasionally show up on TV. The other rooms contained huge hydraulic machinery, and you could hear the sounds of dinosaurs and screaming people upstairs as one of the pumps shot a support strut upwards. Hearing the sounds of stomping boots on the steps, I spun around and saw a dozen men in Minnie outfits rushing after us, bearing animated and non-animated guns. Misty took out a grenade, pulling the pin. \"Wait,\" I said. \"How big an explosion is that going to make?\" She shrugged. \"Pretty big. Why?\" \"Well, if it's too big, there's a chance that it'll take out the foundation supports and kill hundreds of innocent tourists.\" \"I thought you wanted to be a villainess.\" I frowned. \"I suppose, barring any disabled children, we would only be killing the wealthiest one tenth of the population... A tenth who don't know how to spend money ...\" Misty tossed the grenade. The whole building rocked with the explosion, the walls and support pillars cracking. The floor behind us collapsed, revealing a vast winery operation, and a secret marijuana farm. The guys in Minnie Mouse outfits, that weren't obliterated in the blast, or killed by flying debris, lost their footing on the rapidly collapsing concrete flooring, tumbling into wine processing machinery, knocking down rack upon rack of Mickey's finest vintage. The pot, of course, was not within smoking distance. Misty led us onward down the corridor. More machines. Maybe Star Wars, ET or something Marvel related. At the end of the once pristine tunnel lay an elevator. Instead of a call button, it only had a slot for a key card and a retinal scan. Misty blew up the security panel with a small explosive device, and we were in. Not as fancy as the other elevator I'd seen, but the controls were digital. Miley struggled against her bonds, trying to escape, but Misty iced her again. \"Could we please do something about that bimbo?\" I asked. \"Maybe turn her into a drawing or something?\" \"We need to get closer to the spike. I'm afraid my crystals will produce an incomplete sketch, which could be fatal to a human being.\" \" We don't want that, \" I agreed. I looked around for number buttons, only to discover that this also required a card key. \"Great. Now what.\" Misty frowned and shook her head. \"If only we had an artist present...\" \" Yeah. If you did, what exactly would I be doing? \" \"Oh excellent!\" she said, clapping her hands in delight. She pulled a drawing pad and a cartoon pencil out of her bug, offering them to me. \" Do me a solid. \" I didn't know if she had been spying on me, or if she just happened to watch the same TV show, or maybe that figure of speech just came to her, but it kind of bothered me. I acted like it didn't, though. I stared at the items. \"Like, draw a new elevator button or something?\" Misty nodded. \"Brill-yont.\" I thought about using numbers on my drawing, but who really knows how many basement levels are under The Vatican, or Area 51? And so I designed mine to look like a TiVo remote, with an accompanying monitor that displayed floor information. Before I had blocked in all the shading and details, Misty reached into the paper, pulling out my creation as if she knew what it was supposed to be. The remote fell to the floor. She slapped my invention over the elevator control pad, stabbing the door closing button. When I glanced out, I saw the reason for hurry. Some Minnies had crossed the gap, firing their weapons at us. The door closed as they were making Swiss cheese out of the shiny back wall. Misty put her hands on her hips, frowning at my creative display. \"How does this work?\" I picked up my remote, scrolling through floors like they were today's hour-by-hour lineup on the Food Network. \"Like that.\" Wonderful World of Wine. Epcot Escorts, and More . Mammy's Big Baby Nursery (if they're as big as I imagine - ick). `Lost Antiquities,' probably lost items that the world has been searching for for decades, but hasn't been rich enough to access. The Ark of the Covenant, now available from The Disney Vault. World Biodome. A water reservoir. Minnie Max Penitentiary. Twenty floors of R&D; and meeting rooms, each described by numbers and vague acronyms. Mickey's Survival Town, which appeared to be a vast city comparable to that underground facility in Resident Evil . \"Do you see the mausoleum yet?\" Misty asked. \"Not yet,\" I said. Mickey's Library of Congress. The Disney Vault, Bank and Trust, funds and assets probably not reported to the Federal government. MCP, apparently Disney's bomb proof computer core. Administrative offices. United Nations' Secondary Headquarters. An atomic `power' facility. Employee Memorial Center. Genetics. More administrative offices. Everything below this seemed to be mining related. Oil extraction centers and the like. \"I don't see a Merry Mausoleum here. Are you sure it isn't the Employee Memorial Center?\" \"Your guess is as good as mine,\" Misty said. I selected the EMC with my remote, then felt my stomach shifting upwards as we dropped dozens of stories beneath the earth's crust. Misty said nothing, just kept her eyes on the screen of her tablet computer. I only got halfway to the floor when she yelled \"Stop!\" \"What? The MCP?\" She frowned at the screen. \"No. Above that.\" I channel surfed back, sending us up a few floors. \"Here?\" Misty nodded. \"Seriously?\" I said as I stared at the readout. \"That's just where they lock up the DVD's to create an artificial demand for something you can still find on VHS or online for free.\" \"That's what the readout says!\" \"Okay then.\" The door slid open, and I found myself staring at a chamber filled with hundreds of steel safety deposit boxes. \"This really doesn't look like a mausoleum to me.\" Misty waved her device up and down the rows of locked boxes, trying to stare the answers out of the screen. \"It's somewhere around here.\" The place was like a maze, and everything only had a meaningless number designation. I followed Misty around and around to wherever her computer told her, hoping for the best. Hearing two voices, we froze. \" Girlfriend, \" said one lispy sounding one. \"Don't paint them red. It'll stand out too much. You want a darker color to go with the dress.\" \"I guess you're right,\" said another lispy voice, this one a bit deeper. \"I still think it's cute, though.\" I'd stumbled across a pair of security guards, with a lower case S. They wore black leather police uniforms, with skirts, heels, blue nylons, and little leather police hats with mouse ears attached to them. Something to do with the J. Edgar Hoover administration or something, I guessed. They sat on high stools, at little desks that looked like podiums, giggling as they looked at beefcake pictures and Facebook on their phones. The one to my right opened a bottle of nail polish. Misty drew her gun, but I just chuckled and shook my head. The men (I use this term loosely), didn't even notice when the baby started crying. As we were sneaking past, Misty suddenly gets the nerve to speak to one. \"Excuse me. Is this the way to the Merry Mausoleum?\" The weirdo didn't even look up from his phone. \" Craig. Do you know anything a mausoleum? Sounds kind of spoo-kay !\" \"Girlfriend, you know what the bitch is talking about,\" said Craig, matter-of-factly. \"She's looking for the Disney Disney Vault.\" \"Oh.\" The two pointed down another long corridor lined with safety deposit boxes. \"Disney Disney Vault?\" I repeated. \"Are we looking for what I think we're looking for?\" \"I guess they have to put the DVD's somewhere ,\" Chad said stupidly. I just groaned and shook my head. \"Never mind.\" The path was rather clear cut past the `fruit stand.' The middle aisle led straight down rows of lock boxes. It was great until we reached another security door. Misty opened the bug luggage thing, taking out a hacker device with the fake credit card and little computer, like that kid from the Terminator used to rob those ATM machines. It opened the door in a couple seconds. \"Why didn't you use that before?\" I asked. \"It would have been a lot easier.\" She shrugged. \"It was under all the explosives.\" The door slid away into the ceiling like something out of a science fiction movie, revealing the narrow white corridor beyond. I immediately got suspicious. Featureless save for plexiglass plates, sinister looking panels, and cameras, it reminded me of something bad. \"I need to see that sketchpad again.\" Misty handed it to me, and I drew a ball, throwing it into the room beyond. The second it bounced into the middle, a bunch of laser fry slicers popped out of the walls, chopping the object into a grid of finely cut blocks. Despite being animated, it burned into a pile of ash. Misty gasped in shock. \"How did you know?\" I rolled my eyes. \"I watch a lot of movies. Be glad that ball wasn't you.\" That's when I got an idea. Lasers are controlled by mirrors, so I drew us a mirrored box. Me and Misty huddled under it, waddling in like the Trojan horse. I wanted to bring along Miley, Chad and Misty's boyfriend, using an elaborate sort of mirrored wagon system, but Misty was overcautious about it, even telling our companions to stand clear of the door. When we reached the door at the opposite end of the tunnel, I felt like I was in the middle of a new Star Wars movie, laser beams and laser cannons blasting all over the place, sparks showering down from the walls and ceiling, machines exploding right and left. The room went dark. The lasers stopped. I heard a door pop open. I crawled out of the box. \"I think the coast is clear.\" I heard machines whirring, perhaps aiming at me, but they only made sparks when they attempted fire. I waved the others on through the corridor, urging them to hurry. The room beyond, unsurprisingly, contained lock boxes. We marched along the aisle, searching for possible traps. The thing we encountered was far from what I could have logically expected. For no apparent rhyme or reason, some of the lock boxes just popped open on their own, barfing out rolled up plastic animation cells. They made a silly sound effect as they unrolled, like when someone in a cartoon lowers a ladder, or Betty Boop pulls down her skirt, then things started crawling out . The first thing I saw were cobras, which wiggled around on the carpet and tried to bite us until Sleezington tied them in knots. What came next wasn't nearly as easy to dispatch, as they were the size of cars. We faced tigers . The realistically painted, not at all friendly type. \"Lovely,\" I groaned. \"Now what?\" Misty handed me the sketchbook. I drew a boom box. She stared as I set the thing on the floor. \"What the hell good is that going to do?\" \"You'll see.\" I pushed the play button, and the chamber filled with the theme song from Rocky . \"Disney cartoons can't resist a musical number.\" The tigers didn't agree. They just roared. Right away, I got slammed into a wall full of security boxes, spilling `priceless' DVD's and celluloid frames all over the place, to the tune of Eye of the Tiger . \"These guys must have been made from Disney's golden age!\" I coughed. \"They're immune to song and dance!\" \"Let's see if they're immune to bullets,\" Misty said, pulling out a large elephant poaching gun. \"Wait,\" I said, getting an idea. \"Start...dancing.\" \"I don't do musicals,\" Misty growled. \"And I really really respect you for that. But if these things aren't going to boogie, we're going to have to boogie for them.\" Her eyes widened in comprehension. \"We'll be invulnerable!\" It was my turn to stare. \"We will? Cool!\" I selected Get the Party Started by Pink and started dancing, giving it the Milli Vanilli lip sync treatment. I had to do it. We were going to die. I got up in the tigers' faces, hoping all the sexy would distract them enough to let my boyfriend and our bimbo prisoner sneak past. It did work for a minute, but then Misty shot both tigers in the head... while dancing , then shot the boom box. Oh well. Mission accomplished. We hurried away before anything else could crawl out of the celluloid. We passed through an archway, and we found ourselves standing at a massive gate outside a castle looking thing, framed with giant torches, the bowl shaped kind they always light at the beginning of Olympic games. Misty pointed. \"Through that gate!\" The moment the words came out of her mouth, I saw a giant green head appear before us. An oddly familiar head, with slicked down hair and rounded features. At first I thought it was Hugh Beaumont, but then I decided this was Disney- land, so I changed my mind. \"Who dares disturb my slumber!\" a booming voice yelled as the torches blazed with giant fireballs. \"Thank the guys that took over your company!\" I yelled back. \"It's no wonder that you're spinning like a rotisserie in your grave!\" The giant head froze, staring at me in silence for a moment. \"I don't know which is worse. Morally corrupt executives thinking they know what my vision is, or idealists who swear they know what it isn't! Maybe I like the Playboy channel, and Ted Turner did me a favor!\" \"What you do with your billions of illegitimately earned money is your own business, sir. We're just here for the Spike.\" The eyes on the floating head bust with fire. \" No one takes the Spike! \" he roared, causing the torches to flare up like dragons. \"I'm afraid we are. Well, not really afraid afraid, since this is basically a gag you stole from the Wizard of Oz, but...you get the idea...\" The head screamed at me. \"Wow Walt, you sure are pissed for a dead guy. How did you even get this thing to respond to me correctly?\" \"It's not a thing!\" the giant head shouted. \"I am Disney! God of all doodles!\" Misty fired at a cluster or black devices attached to the ceiling, and the giant head faded into nothing, screaming in outrage as it disappeared from sight. \"Hologram,\" she said. \"` Pay no attention to the man behind the curtain, '\" I quoted. We pushed the gate inward, and we found ourselves in a crypt. It was a mausoleum, of sorts. All along the stone walls, I saw the sealed burial compartments, marked with gold and silver plaques, the various members of the Disney family, and Walt's pets. In the center of all this, on a raised dais, lay a cryogenic machine. \"The rumors were true!\" I cried as I ran up the steps. It looked like the glass coffin from Snow White, except it had been hooked to antiquated refrigeration systems, apparently a cryogenic stasis tank. The lack of upgrades told me people really didn't want Walt to come back, they just wanted a piece of his company. When I scraped the ice off the coffin with an ice scraper someone had helpfully left beside the machinery, I got my first clear look at the body. The man looked exactly like he did in pictures I saw from 1966, except now he was blue, frosted over like a container of frozen orange juice you've left in the back corner of a freezer and forgotten for a few months. His chest glowed. I scraped over that portion, thinking that Walt, with all his billions, had somehow developed that thing Tony Stark puts in his chest during all those Iron Man movies, but it wasn't that. \"The Spike!\" Misty cried as she waved the computer over the coffin. \"It's right here!\" She flipped a few latches and broke a lock, throwing the coffin lid open. A cloud of cold steam rushed out, and we had our first unobstructed viewing of The Waltsicle. Disney's suited figure lay with its hands by his side, eyes shut, face placid, like your average corpse. The un-average thing was that he had been staked through the heart. With a glowing spike. I personally found this more than a little unsettling, but Misty didn't care. She just yanked the object right out of the frozen stiff, as indifferently as one would rip a loose nail out of a piece of sheetrock. Walt's eyes flew open, red rimmed pupils flashing with indignant rage. His frozen hands shot out, grabbing me by the shoulders, and , as he pulled me into his box, his mouth cracked open, baring a pair of long glistening canines.[Chapter 59] Drew Although I worried that Holli might attempt to have her way with me again, this was too important to pass up, so I had no choice but to follow her. Once inside the suite, she threw me a fuzzy bathrobe for decency. Shocking, I know. I pulled it on as I followed her into the lab. It appeared as if she had converted a quart of the black slime into club soda. All around, glass containers glowed with liquid that changed as constantly as I did. Every part of her chemistry set contained some sort of colorful liquid, though generally few with realistic colors or reactions. Burner flasks had pink and aqua colored stuff that flashed black and purple, condenser and filter flasks contained a rotating red-blue that appeared to be permanently marbled, defying laws of diffusion, collector flasks flashed the colors of a stop light, and Erlenmeyers held swirls, checkerboard and polka dotted fluid that turned colors like that of the horse on the Wizard of Oz . Along one wall stood stack of animal cages, each containing a real animal that flickered into a doodle at different times and a different frequency than their neighbor. \"So. Drew, \" Holli blurted. \"I noticed you've been getting rather... close with my daughter...\" \"Of course. I just found out she's my sister.\" She rolled her eyes. \" We both know there's more to it than that. \" I frowned. \"That part was a mistake.\" \"Then why are you wearing a French Tickler?\" \"It's complicated.\" \"It doesn't seem very complicated to me.\" \"It doubles as a diaphragm. And I've been changing .\" \"Was it concave or convex when you were sharing her suite?\" \"Both,\" I groaned. \"Look. If you want to say something, why don't you just come out and say it?\" \"Drew, I don't mind you sleeping with her, but I want to know if you're going to care for her.\" \"Are you serious? She takes care of me ! She's a friggin' superhero!\" \"Still, she needs emotional stability. Perhaps economic support as well.\" I winced. \"All right.\" \"That didn't seem very certain, Drew. I want to know If you're going to be there for her.\" \"Why wouldn't I? She's family .\" Holli didn't seem satisfied with that answer. \"What happens if this cure works and you go back to normal? You'll have no reason to stay here. She'll be all alone, with no one to understand her, and love her, no one to be her companion...\" \"She can find other doodles, someone who's not related. She can be normal.\" \"That's just the thing, Drew. She doesn't want to be normal. \" \"Then she can live with me in the real world!\" I snapped in annoyance. \"She can stay at my place. We'll figure something out!\" I paused. \"Wait. Did you say `economic support' a moment ago?...You live in a fancy apartment building, and dad's in a mansion.\" \"Things cost money here, Drew. We don't have an unlimited supply.\" \"This is a cartoon world. Why can't you just draw the stuff you need? \"Why can't you?\" she asked. \"Because I have no artistic talent.\" \"Neither do I.\" She sighed again. \"Look, lady. I'm not going to abandon my own sister. I'm willing to give her everything she needs. Well, except if it's sexual.\" \"Why not? That's a need too.\" I rubbed my face in disgust. \"I can't believe you actually said that.\" \"You don't need to be ashamed. If you want to sleep with her, it's okay. I just wanted to know if you loved her, and hear you say it with your own mouth.\" \"Fine,\" I said. \" I love her . Satisfied?\" She smiled. \"Yes. Very.\" I stared at a beaker full of bubbling liquid. \"That's the cure?\" Holli nodded. \"I can't promise this will be permanent, but it works, which is better than my previous attempts.\" She took a rat out of a cage, a rat that looked like a cartoon character made of a fur coat and tanned leather, stroking its head. \"This is Rommel. He was my first successful test subject. I would show you Stalin, but the results were only so-so with that one.\" She fed it a piece of cartoon cheese, setting it back in its cage. \"I have to say I'm impressed. Cartoons generally skip the testing stage and go straight to testing the dangerous... whatever on themselves first.\" \"Yes. Cool World is full of impatient Frankenstein types. I was much more... careful with this one.\" \"All right. I guess even if I have to dose myself every day, or month or whatever, it's better than I am now. I'm willing to give it a try.\" She handed me a beaker, and I drank. It was like drinking a cocktail of Alka Seltzer and Thera Flu, laced with bergamot. Very medicinal. Not something you'd want to have on the soda pop aisle, especially considering the viscous fluid that came down your throat afterwards. \"How much do I need to drink?\" I said after a few sips. \"The whole beaker.\" I shrugged and downed it. My whole body started glowing, like it did after I had slept with Amanda for the first time. Feeling dizzy, I staggered over to a stool and sat down. After I waited a few minutes, the glowing subsided, and my original darkly shaded real body solidified. I remained real for five minutes, then ten. Satisfied that I'd at last found the cure, I shook Holli's hand vigorously. \"Thank you. You don't know how much this means to me. I can't thank you enough. I don't know how to begin.\" She sighed. \"Start by taking care of my daughter.\" \"I will,\" I said, completely serious. \"Whatever happens, I will.\" As she led me to the door, I tugged on the corner of the borrowed bathrobe. \"Mind if I keep this?\" She gave me an indifferent shrug. I marched back to Amanda's suite, never once turning into a doodle. My sister stared at me when she let me in. \"You look... different. \" \"I think I'm cured. Holli found something.\" Her mouth fell open in shock. \"Then we don't need this!\" She pulled off my French Tickler. \"Please, Amanda. It's been a long day. I just want to sleep.\" She stuck her hands in my bathrobe. \"You're a man. A little sex will put you right out.\" I pulled the robe shut quickly. \" I really am tired. Too tired for that. \" \"You've de-animated yourself?\" Dane asked with surprise. I nodded. She was not impressed. \" Why. \" \"Because I want my old life back, okay?\" Dane frowned. Sneezer started sniffling, and I thought for sure he would blow a hole in the wall. \"You mean...the rat lady is gone?\" I nodded. \"Sorry, Sneezer.\" But I really wasn't sorry at all. He started crying in the exaggerated way that doodles generally do, weeping buckets and soaking handkerchiefs in a disgusting fashion. Dane gave him a hug. \"There, there, little guy! I'm sure you'll find another mouse chick somewhere!... Or maybe some other kind of significant other! \" \"Yeah,\" said Amanda. \" And there's always a chance that Drew's cure won't work... \" \" I guess every silver lining has its storm cloud.\" The mouse sniffed and nodded. \"You're right. You're absolutely right.\" He looked Dane in the eyes. \"Do you like mice? Really, really like mice?\" Dane twisted her lip, suddenly looking uncomfortable. \"If you're implying what I think you are, I'm not sure I like mice that much. \" \"Can I...try to change your mind?\" She laughed. \" You can try. \" Amanda whispered something to her, but Dane muttered back, \"He's cute, but not that cute.\" Sneezer didn't try. \"I think he's secretly bisexual,\" I said. \"So are you,\" said Amanda. \"That's accidental.\" \" Yeah . You're accidentally bisexual.\" I just scowled at her. \"So. You're human now. What's the plan?\" I sighed. \"I don't know if I'm completely cured yet. I'm going to hang around a couple days, see if anything changes. If everything still looks good, I'll go home.\" Remembering what I promised Holli, I quickly added, \"And take you with me, if you want that.\" She gave me a broad smile. \"Why wouldn't I want that?\" \"It's a deal then.\" Sighing, I turned to Dane and said, \"Mind if I sleep with you?\" \"What!\" Amanda cried indignantly. \"I'm a lesbian,\" Dane blurted. \"Great! That's perfect!\" She looked relieved. \"Oh. Sleep sleep.\" There really wasn't room on Dane's bench, but the floor below was padded, so I curled up there and fell asleep. When I awoke, I found Dane's arms wrapped around me, her mouth pressed against the nape of my neck, saliva trickling down my back. Her crotch rubbed against me in a way that suggested maybe she wasn't a lesbian, at least unconsciously. With my eyes half shut, I tried to wiggle out from under her, only to discover my sister's naked back and buttocks sliding up against me from the other side with a soft moan. Nothing happened, and it was still dark, so I just closed my eyes again. There were worse things than being cuddled by two women simultaneously. When my eyes opened again, I found myself alone, with the mouth of a bugle was sticking in my face. I got blasted with Reveille. I groaned and sat up, suddenly noticing that a different cat stared back at me. Brown, skinny, with a Cheech and Chong headband. \"Hector?\" \"Riffraff's busy,\" the cat said. \"And we've got ourselves a very busy day.\" I looked around, and saw it was just me and the pathetically optimistic Sneezer. The girls, again, had left me, like they had a sixth sense about things of this nature. I got dressed and used the bathroom. The face staring back at me from the mirror was a Parasaurolophus, a stupid looking fin headed dinosaur. I touched my face, and it felt like my normal face. Assuming it was a trick mirror, or that my cure had sent my doodle body into Mirror World, I followed Hector out to the Cat-Illac. At the junkyard, I made eggs Benedict for Riffraff and his friend, then spent most of the morning window shopping for the cat's wedding supplies. I'd say `shopping', except I wasn't about to waste money on that, and the bride and groom needed to be present at some point. It seemed part of their plans involved me trying on dresses as rat girl, but that was just too bad. I didn't care that much about the wedding, especially since, now that I was cured, they wouldn't have looked that great on me. Deciding enough was enough, I drove up to Ewes Bank and parked. \"What are you doing?\" Hector cried. \"The junk yard is over on the next street!\" \"We need capital.\" I got out. \"If they're not hiring, I'll try the place next door.\" \"Hey! Wait a minute! I thought you were cured ! Weren't you going to leave us and go home or something?\" \"I don't know if I'm fully cured yet. I'm going to at least have to stick around a day or so.\" \"I was under the impression that this type of noid joint was a long term daily thing.\" \"What do you know about it, Mr. New Job Every Episode?\" I challenged. \" They don't have to know . Besides, if the cure doesn't pan out, I might actually need to go full time. You've got to plan for every contingency.\" The cat rubbed his chin. \"Smart...\" Ewes bank had real pavement, and a real sidewalk leading up to their very real glass and steel building. The sign was cartoon artwork, but the rest was bland, ordinary, down to the meticulously cut lawn and shrubbery. I pushed through a glass revolving door, entering a vast high ceilinged room with corian tile floors, leather couches, and a huge horseshoe shaped security desk with a marble counter running around it. A fake doodle sign covered the original steel bank logo. The marble walls were paneled in places with fine polished wood. Despite being the only visitor in two days, I signed in on a clipboard. A tiny wavy haired black woman in a security uniform looked up from her Facebook page, squinting at me through her thick rimmed glasses. \"Can I help you?\" I forced a smile. \"I'm looking for work.\" The woman frowned. \"Did you go to the website?\" I rolled my eyes. \"No?\" She narrowed her eyes. \"You need to do a search of local job openings and fill out an online application for this region. \" \"I don't have the internet. If you'd look outside, you'd know why.\" She shrugged. \"Go to a library.\" I smacked my face. \"We're in the middle of freaking Toon Town! Are you telling me that you have so many applicants for this region that you're forcing them all to go online?\" The face she gave me said yes. I frowned as I watched an animated sheep in a polo and khakis swipe a badge at a little security turnstile, clopping across the tiles. I buried my face in my hands and snorted. My body suddenly felt large and bulky, and when I rubbed my head, I felt it bald except for a long fin. My face had sort of a beak to it, and no nose. Looking bored, the security guard, handed me a flat cartoon computer. \"Take this and have a seat,\" she said in a tone of weary resignation. \"Click the home icon and fill out all the forms.\" I did what I was told. For some reason, my dinosaur body didn't break the couch. The computer, although ink and paint, accessed a real looking website. It actually looked like... the other bank's website , but the application questions were a little strange in sections. For instance, below the name, address and phone number, there was a box for `What TV show, movie, comic or video game did you appear in?' and `If you know what a social security number is, and have one of your own, please include it.' After the education and job experience boxes, I also found a box that asked: `Briefly describe the following terms: Credit Card Spending Limit, Late Fee, Membership Fee, Finance Charge, Interest.' I didn't have all the company addresses or the address for my school, but I filled in everything I could, pushing the send button I found at the end of the page. Unsurprisingly, I experienced no glitches or lagging. It went off in a second. As I returned the computer, I glanced at the large plasma TV on the wall, doing a double take when I saw what they showed on MSNBC. Spaceship Earth, in all its shiny dimpled glory, was rolling free from its moorings in Disneyland's Epcot Center. People ran and screamed as the giant silver ball thundered across the Innoventions plaza, crushing everything and everyone in its path. Explosion rocks Epcot, the caption read. \"What the hell is Jessica doing over there?\" I cried. The program cut to a newscaster interviewing officials about the disaster. They claimed it was a \"pyrotechnics mishap.\" Before I could get any more information, I heard someone saying, \"Drew Deebes?\" I spun around and found a small young woman with short brown hair and glasses staring back at me. White blouse, black vest, slacks. Gold necklace and jade earrings. She reminded me of a blackjack dealer somehow. \"Uh, hi,\" I stammered, unsure if this were the boss or just the secretary. \"That's me.\" She smiled pleasantly. \"Follow me.\" The woman led me through a door on the side of the room behind a row of security turnstiles, into a little board room with a long table and tall padded leather swivel chairs. The walls were a tidy pastel green, bearing only a massive plaque with the real company name on it. She offered me a seat. \"Wait here.\" I sat down, she left the room, and I waited. I waited a long time, eventually reverting to my human state. I slouched in the chair, about to give up, but then the girl returned, accompanied by a tall African American woman in a puff sleeve purple blouse and black leggings. Her face was plump, her hair straight and cropped short. When she saw me change into my dinosaur form, she grinned broadly. These people seemed nice enough. I figured the interview process would be easy. But then the door came open again, and in walked the bird . Her coloration was ink black, and animated, the white hair and the design of the face familiar in an oddly unsettling way, but she had horns , and glowing eyes . Her outfit technically could not be described as business casual, nor professional. For the top, she had on a tan-gold polo with red trim, but the collar was high and fan-like, like Dracula's cape, and the shirt cut off at the midriff. Chains crisscrossed her chest like some kind of Hellraiser character, a large gold Star of David medallion securing them around her breasts. Instead of pants, she wore a tiny skirt of matching color, long boots and elbow length gloves with chains wrapped around them. She pulled up a chair next to the ladies, setting a folder on the table as she cast me a knowing glance. The moment our eyes met, I knew this was no mere coincidence. She turned her chair to face me. \"Ahem.\"[Chapter 60] I soon discovered I was not looking at Cupcake's cousin, her evil twin, nor an animal version of Storm from the X-Men. The three females introduced themselves as Bethlynn, Trynice and, you guessed it, Cupcake. The situation was awkward at first, but I played it off like I had never met the bird before. I smiled, shook their hands. \"Nice to meet you.\" Cupcake took a stack of papers out of her folder, handing a packet to each girl. I could tell it was my application. They reviewed the information quietly for a few moments. \"Wow,\" Bethlynn muttered. \"It almost looks real!\" \"It is real,\" I said with a frown. \"I can't remember everything I was supposed to have on there, but you can Google most of it.\" \"You came all the way from Las Vegas?\" She looked surprised. \" All the way? Then where are we exactly?\" \"Overland Park, Kansas.\" I couldn't exactly disagree with her. Maybe the building was in Kansas, or maybe she got transported from Kansas to this location, so she probably wasn't wrong. Completely. Trynice looked me in the eye. \"So. What made you decide to work here?\" \"Well, I'm trying to pay off a car. But that's the funny part. I'm not actually looking for real currency. The car is actually a painting , so the only reason I really came here is to get...the kind of money that doodles use. \"I'm a serious guy. I want a job I can do for eight hours a day, five days a week, and get a regular paycheck. I want a job that I can punch in at a certain hour, every day, do something boring but necessary, and get paid for it.\" \"Sounds good,\" Bethlynn said. \"But I think you'll have to ask our Doodle Ambassador about the money.\" Cupcake grinned. \"I'm certain we can accommodate your request, provided you qualify.\" \"Is that the only reason you want to work here?\" I shrugged. \"I've done a number of customer service type jobs. I know how to handle people, and how to make deals, and I think there's something enjoyable about it. I think it would be easier than, say, trying to win a million dollars at a pie eating contest or something.\" Trynice nodded. \"I noticed...you didn't dress up for the interview...\" I rubbed my face in frustration. \"I wish I could have, but it's not easy in this place. I had some cartoon dress up clothes, but they're a little unpredictable. I put stuff in the pockets, and they're gone.\" \"Speaking of which, forgive me for mentioning it, but your appearance is... unusual . It seems you're not a doodle, but you turn into one from time to time. Care to explain?\" No, I definitely didn't care to explain, but they put me on the spot. I gave them a half truth. \"It was an accident.\" \" An accident, \" Trynice repeated, sounding skeptical. \"What kind of accident?\" Bethlynn asked. \" It's complicated, \" I answered. Cupcake grinned. \"It was a sexual accident. \" I sighed, raising my hands defensively. \"Look. If you guys don't want to hire me, tell me to get lost.\" \"Relax, Drew,\" Bethlynn said. \"Yeah,\" Trynice added. \"It's against the law to discriminate based on sexual orientation.\" I stared at the two in horror. \"You just made it sound worse.\" Then, after another embarrassed silence, I stammered, \"I'm glad you don't discriminate against my... orientation. \" Bethlynn glanced at the application. \"It says here you worked at Encore... \" I stared at her. \"You've heard of it?\" She nodded. \"I used to work there.\" \" It's been awhile, \" I said. \"That's probably why I don't recognize you. Sorry about the addresses, by the way. I'm stuck in Cool World, so I can't get to my stuff.\" \"We can look up the information,\" said Bethlynn. \"What impresses us is that you know what these places are, and actually filled out the application the way you were supposed to, complete with social security number,\" Trynice said. \"It's what I do.\" Cupcake's folder had been closed, but now she opened it again, setting up one of those retinal scanner/camera things they had in Blade Runner . I guess Hammerspace was linked to the folder, or something. Trynice opened a little memo pad, reading from the first page. \"Are you willing to work eight hours a day, five days a week, and stick to that schedule indefinitely?\" I was human, so I assumed it couldn't pick up half truths. \"Yes.\" \"A man calls in, saying he just lost his wife to prostate cancer. He said he doesn't think he can afford the minimum payments now that he's down to one income. What do you do?\" \"Is the man gay?\" I asked. \"I mean, prostate cancer is kind of a male thing.\" Cupcake furrowed her brow in puzzlement, but didn't speak. \"Yes,\" Trynice said. I sighed. This kind of situation did seem real. \"I guess...I'd ask a supervisor if there were any special programs we could put him on,\" I said, feeling a little disgusted. \"Is that really going to come up on a day to day basis?\" She didn't answer. She just read the next question. \"A credit card is free money, and when it stops allowing you to buy things, it's your right to not make any more payments until it starts working again.\" I laughed. \"Sure. Tell that to the credit bureau. \" \"A woman is upset. She wants to buy her children gifts for Christmas, but she is over her account spending limit, and behind on two payments. She said that her car just broke down and is in need of a lot of repairs, and she just lost her job. What do you say?\" I'd seen a few trick questions like this before. The key is the emotional resolution, rather than the solution. \"Um, gee, I'm sorry to hear that you lost your job and have all those expensive repairs to make. I hope you can figure something out.\" \"The woman is now upset, because we denied her spending limit increase, saying that her children will not have Christmas this year.\" I shrugged. \"I'd tell her sorry, ma'am, but it has been determined that we are unable to increase your spending limit based on your credit. If you disagree with the reporting, you can take it up with the bureaus. Either that, or I'd recommend covering a few missed payments to help free up some capital and make an increase more likely.\" \"But it's Christmas!\" Cupcake protested. I rolled my eyes. \"A credit card is not a charity. It is a loan . The company eventually wants the money back. If more people didn't spend beyond their means like that, collection agencies would be a lot less busy. They're not doing themselves any favors, either.\" I paused. \"Wait. Aren't you Jewish?\" Cupcake reddened. \"You're right. You're absolutely right. Mostly. \" I didn't ask for an explanation. I just stared at her. \"You're hired,\" said Trynice. I stared at her in bafflement. \"That's it?\" \"Yeah,\" the woman said. \"You know how hard it is to find a cartoon person who gets all that?\" \"Training class should still be in session,\" Bethlynn said. \"I'll show you to the room.\" She passed me through a turnstile, leading me down a wide hallway. It was strange to see a matte painting beyond the glass fire exit door at the far end, an element of bizarre in a completely boring setting. A big woman in shorts snored on a couch along the wall, paying me no attention. I was led into something that looked like a college classroom. An auditorium with rows of desks and computers and phones, surrounding an instructor's desk and a markerboard. The desks were largely occupied by animated sheep, though I saw a horse and a squirrel as well. A short bearded noid in argyle, with glasses and well combed hair stood in front of the class, teaching them about finance charges. \"If the balance is six hundred, and you have an APR of fifteen percent, what will be your next regular minimum payment?\" he asked. He received a mixed reaction. Some of the sheep just stared blankly, some poked buttons on calculators, scratching their heads. I picked up a calculator from one of the desks, did the math, and told him the amount. The man snorted in annoyance, then, when he realized I'd given the correct answer, he whirled around to face me. \"Hello? Who are you?\" \"He's your new student,\" said Bethlynn. \"Drew, this is Pete Garrotte. He'll be your new training manager.\" Pete gazed at me for a moment, then laughed, and somewhat nervously I thought. \"Oh thank God! An actual human being for once! Front row, please.\" I marched around the desks. \"Anywhere's fine.\" We worked on APR calculations and such for several minutes. I knew what I was doing, so he had me helping the others out. I watched with amusement as Pete scolded a horse as it tried to figure out answers by tapping its hooves on the desk. \"Don't do that. It'll ruin the finish.\" We learned how to use a program called SeQual, a very basic program designed to limit employees to the most basic of programming functions for optimum micromanagement. Boring, straightforward, simple. My fellow trainees refused to stop calling it Squeal. We had practice transferring calls. Easy stuff. Type in an extension, push a button, right? Well, some of the other `agents' literally transferred themselves through the phone. \"Don't do that!\" Pete said when he caught a second sheep's head popping out of the receiver of another sheep's phone. You would have thought that, since I kept out of trouble and did what I was told, only occasionally turning into a doodle maybe once an hour, the instructor would have gone easy on me, but, being a `Bell Curve' type of instructor, he tended to scold me when I tried to skip ahead of the class. I guess he didn't think of me as highly as I imagined, he just appreciated the fact I didn't pop my head through the phone, or smash the place up with a giant hammer or something. Whatever, I thought. I went along with the lesson like I was a total novice, hoping someone would figure it out sometime. At the end of class (lunch break, actually), Pete had to teach the sheep the concept of a weekly paycheck. The sheep marched out, leaving me and the trainer in the room. He was friendly for all of that condescension, or maybe just desperate for someone normal to talk to. Normal-ish. \"So. Nevada. That's a long way from Kansas City.\" I was annoyed to hear that comment again, even from someone else, but I humored him. In case you're wondering, we did chat a couple times during class. \"You know, I used to live in Fargo. Sometimes it got so cold up there that you could actually throw a pot of boiling water into the air, and have it come down as snow.\" Remember that story. It will be on a test later. \" That sounds pretty cold ,\" I agreed. \"I'm still trying to figure something out. How did you get all the way over here? Did you fly? \" \"I'm not sure what happened. I was in Cool World, and your office building just appeared out of nowhere.\" \" Cool World. Cupcake has told me a few things about the place, but I really haven't gone out very far. I tried walking around the block, but it got dangerous. Things were exploding. \" \"It's definitely unsafe,\" I said. You got to know something about cartoons, or you're in trouble, and sometimes even that doesn't help.\" He frowned. \"Why do you sometimes turn into a dinosaur?\" \"I fell into something called a Miasma Pool,\" I lied, pulling something out of Final Fantasy . \"It does weird things to you.\" Pete sighed. \"I just want to go home. I've got a wife and kids. They're worried sick.\" \"Why don't you try calling them?\" He looked pained. \"I do , but how can I explain this without looking like a nut?\" \"I know the feeling,\" I groaned. \"I'm kind of stuck here myself.\" \"I think my kids would love it.\" After an awkward silence, where neither of us could think of what to say, Pete said, \"Do you know of any good restaurants around here?\" I only shrugged. \"It all pretty much tastes like cardboard, no matter where you go, and you probably got to use cartoon currency, unless you meet someone super nice.\" \"Anything's better than Company Kitchen. It's extortion.\" \"Company what?\" He showed me the little self service convenience store they had on the property, monitored by cameras and nothing else. Honor system. You scanned the bar codes from sandwiches and snacks and pop at a machine and swiped your credit card. It was expensive. Twice as much as you'd pay at Quicktrip, which of course, means it was really, really expensive. \"So what have you been doing about sleeping arrangements?\" I asked. \"Well, we kind of just lay our coats down and sleep on the floor. A few of us have inflatable rafts from an incentive contest. Some lay on those, but mostly the floor. Cupcake's supposedly having some little birds come in to build us nests, but the idea sounds kind of sketchy to me.\" \"I'm surprised she hasn't at least given you bird seed or suet cake or something.\" Pete laughed. \"She suggested it, but nobody took the idea seriously. Is that what people live on around here?\" \"Sometimes. If you're desperate enough.\" Another silence. I frowned at the high priced food. Pete scanned a sub sandwich and paid for it. \"See you back in class in about...\" He checked his watch. \"Twenty minutes.\" The moment he left, I got slammed into a gray wall next to the chip racks. The black scantily clad bird glared at me with its glowing eyes. \"So...\" I stammered. \"Uh, great to see that you're all right after that trip to the Nether Region or Dark Dimension or whatever it's called.\" \" Shadow Realm ,\" she growled. \" You should know. You had me trapped in there for ten long years.\" I sighed. \"It wasn't nearly that long. Honestly. My, um, second job would fire me if I was gone that long.\" \"Time passes differently in the Shadow Realm,\" she said in a threatening tone. \"An hour outside the Shadow Realm is equal to a year inside.\" \"I think that would actually make it less than ten years , based on when we put you there, but I'll take your word on that. Unless you meant one year passes for every thirty minutes...\" I guess, like that water planet in Interstellar , time passed a lot quicker in that place. Her hands clamped around my throat, her beak clamped down to a small slit as she spoke the next words. \"For ten long years I wandered the Shadow Realm, subsisting on fungus and dead bodies, hiding in the darkness, killing to survive. Do you know what was the single thought that kept me alive all this time? The sole motivation for me to keep going? The motivation for which I lived and died?\" I swallowed. \"Uh, your desire to murder everyone I care about, and torture me until I die horribly?\" She grabbed me by the collar, kissing me passionately. \"Guess again.\" I paled. \"Oh my God. Seriously?\" She grabbed my chin with her feathery hand. \"I admit I did hate you at first, for leaving me in that place to die, at least that first month. \"But then, as I wondered day after day in that desert wasteland, a terrible loneliness gripped me, and as I lay all alone, masturbating in a sleeping bag I'd fashioned from the skins of dead Shadow Beasts, I thought only of my king , and the great kindness he showed my people.\" \"Oh God,\" I groaned. \"Please tell me you're kidding.\" She shook her head. \"For a decade, I have fantasized, dreamed about the day I'd take you home, to be the first being , the first... noiddle to warm my nest.\" \"Noiddle?\" I said. \"Part noid, part doodle,\" she explained. \"I've had a lot of time to think about it. It sounds better than `noodle' or `dooid.'\" \" To think, I was about to question your statement about being a virgin. \" She grabbed the seat of my jeans and kissed me. \" There's an easy enough way to fix that... \" she purred. I pushed away her kissing mouth. \"Look, Cupcake. You're cute, and maybe we share similar business interests, but let's take things slow. Get to know each other a little first. It's lunch time. How about we sit down somewhere together and chat?\" She looked somewhat disappointed, but nodded, giving me a warm smile. \"Anything for my king.\" I grabbed an Italian sandwich, running it across the scanner on the kiosk. My mouth was watering with the idea of eating real food for once, expensive or not. Since I was still non-animated, I didn't have to worry about Hammerspace for the moment. I was actually able to swipe my debit card. Insufficient funds, the screen said. Thinking it was a mistake, I ran it again. Insufficient funds. I cursed under my breath. Even though I paid ahead on my rent, I had left a hundred in there for situations like this. The small sum wouldn't have prevented my eviction, so I had left it alone. I stared at the screen, still puzzling over what had happened, trying to remember some transaction, any transaction, that would have put me in the red. I got so mad that I marched up to Cupcake and said, \"Do you know where I can have access to a computer? Something's wrong with my bank account, and I want to know what it is, or who just used it without my permission.\" She looked delighted. \" Oh I think I know just the place ,\" she said in a sing-song voice. She led me out and down the hall, beneath a wide spiral staircase to one of their brass plated elevators. As the elevator rose, we both were silent for a moment. \"So,\" I said. \"That's an interesting look you've got now.\" \"When you say interesting,\" she breathed. \"Do you mean sexy?\" I swallowed. \"Let's... start with interesting, and see where we go from there.\" And then, to not make it sound insulting, \"You're cute. I'm willing to say that much.\" I changed the subject fast. \"What did you do in this Shadow Realm? Besides masturbate? What was it like there?\" I guess I was hoping that she would be reminded of why she hated me. \"It's a lot of rock desert and hostile vegetation. A lot of dust storms. The plants and fungus really change you . I could take you there sometime, if you want...\" I cringed. \"No thanks.\" She ran her fingers down her horns. \"You like them? I think they're very distinct.\" \"Uh, yeah. They're neat.\" I sighed. \"Did you...meet any other birds there?\" She giggled. \"Not any that I'm interested in, if that's what you're getting at. A lot of super large weird looking ones, twice as big as me, or little tiny desert birds, few of them knowing English. They don't hold a candle to you.\" I smiled uncomfortably. \"I'm...gratified to hear that, I guess.\" The elevator came open at an upper floor, and we walked through a call center with ceiling to floor windows and row upon row of upholstered particle board cubicles. She led me to the end of this impressive floor, into a little meeting room, one with a long polished mahogany table, a laptop computer, and a swivel chair with its back to a large window. She ushered me to the seat behind the laptop, and when I got in and scooted myself up to the table, she leaned over me, pressing her breasts against me as she helped me log in. Pretended to ignore this, I focused on pulling up my bank website, putting in my password, reading my statement. My account was seventy five dollars in the red. I had two new unauthorized one hundred and eighty seven dollar purchases from Amazon. Some company named Sweatshopkukooclocks dot com. This transaction had been processed before the landlord had decided to cash my rent check. As a rule, they don't cash it the moment you put it in the night drop, they wait a few days. The rent check was pending , not processed . It was going to bounce . It was likely they would evict me, since people in real life do not do reasonable things like cashing only the valid part of a large check. Evicted. For two damn kookoo clocks. Although I hadn't wanted her to, Cupcake had been looking at my bank statement with me. I let it pass because it was her computer, she was animated, and I was very upset about the fraud. \"Is something the matter?\" \"Yeah. I'd say so,\" I growled, pointing at the items. \"I didn't do that.\" \"It does seem... a little out of character. \" I let out a heavy sigh. \" Kookoo clocks . That's...a weird coincidence.\" Cupcake frowned at the screen. \"What makes you think this is one?\"[Chapter 61] Jessica 00000000 I screamed, pushing the frozen animation legend back, but his icy fingers refused to let go. Cartoony thoughts, I told myself. Think cartoony thoughts. I started singing Pressure Drop by Toots and the Maytals. Walt didn't sing along with me, probably because it was after his time, but he did give me a zombie-like \"Huh?\" and I somehow escaped his clutches by turning into the rodent mascot for my design company, about a foot shorter than my regular self. He climbed out of his coffin to chase after me. All the sealed burial compartments rattled like an earthquake had struck, and, judging by all the explosives we set off upstairs, I wasn't a bit surprised. Of course, my second guess was that Uncle Walt had unleashed some terrible demonic power, like he had The Bloodstone or was experiencing The Quickening or something. I kind of wanted to hang around and see what kind of destruction he was capable of, but I really didn't want to get my blood sucked by some old man. Plus, anytime you see light flashing through the wooden slats in your sheetrock, and Hellraiser chains flying through the air, it's a bad sign. Misty pulled out a gun and shot Walt a couple times, but he was a vampire, so it didn't do anything. Worse, when I turned to run, she screamed and turned into a skeleton as lightning bolts lit up her body. She fell to the floor unconscious. It's hard to check the vitals on a cartoon, but I assumed she was still alive because she hadn't turned into a blackened cinder. I picked her up, trying to drag her out the door, but that's when I saw Mickey and his Minnies blocking the way with their assorted weaponry. \"It has been a long time since my corporeal form has feasted on human flesh,\" Mickey said, his voice dropping to a masculine, heavy smoker's voice. I gave him a nervous laugh. \"You all right, Mickey? You don't seem to be acting like yourself!\" \"This is my real self.\" He gestured to the vampire. \"By all means, re-acquaint yourself.\" \"No thanks. I'm good.\" His smug demeanor dropped. \"Hand over the Spike.\" While rescuing Misty, I had somehow managed to pocket that spike in my bikini, despite not actually having pockets. Hammerspace, I guess. \"What use it to you?\" \"Use!\" he cried indignantly. \" What use! How about transferring the human consciousness into an animated entity! The Spike! Give it to me! \" I stared at him in astonishment. \"You transferred your consciousness into Mickey Mouse.\" Mickey looked uncomfortable, like he may have had a few regrets about the decision. Maybe. \"As I lay dying of lung cancer, surrounded by nothing but images and films of Mortimer, excuse me, Mickey , a scientist friend delivered that spike to me via courier. The Spike was my only hope. By the time it arrived, my life was nearing its end. \"The Spike brought my creation to life, but it did nothing to save mine. I made a phone call to the professor, but he knew nothing that could help me. \"That's when I remembered how one of my child actors, Kurt Russell said that his mother was a witch/spiritualist. I made a call to her right away, begging her for any possible means to prolong my life. \"It was Louise who suggested using it as a stake. The damn doodle refused to do it. \"But a child...neither one of us could resist the draw of a child...\" \"Kurt Russell stabbed you in the chest with the Spike!\" I finished with a laugh. \"That's awesome!\" \"It will be more awesome when you return what is rightfully mine.\" \"I can't let you do that,\" said a gruff voice behind them. I glanced back, and there he was. R. J. Macready himself. He was aged, wearing a beard and an eyepatch. He would have been rather heroic looking, had he not also been wearing a pink t-shirt from some breast cancer rally. I guess...you could probably still call that heroic. In his hands, he gripped an industrial blowtorch. The Minnies spun around, pointing their guns at him. \"I wouldn't do that, Kurt.\" Mickey said. \"Right now, you have a favored place in my Magic Kingdom. Don't spoil a good thing by being an asshole.\" \"There's no point,\" he said, arming the igniter on the flamethrower. \"You already beat me to it.\" He blasted Mickey in the face.[Chapter 62] Mickey, being animated, was immune to fire, but you probably guessed that already. Kurt seemed to know this as well, for as the mouse screamed, writhing from a strange combination of real and animated flames, the man kicked Mickey in the chest, stomping him to the floor. The Minnies, upon turning their weapons on the aging film star, suddenly realized they were only holding the Nerf collection. You see, like any good villain, the mouse talked overlong, and while he jabbered, rather fascinatingly, about his life's story, Misty and Sleez had used their cartoon powers to do the old switcheroo. They pelted Mr. Russell with foam darts. Kurt marched over the prone mouse body, rushed to the middle of the chamber, and gave Mickey's real body a liberal dose of fire. Funny thing, expansion. A door that's normal in the winter will sometimes swell and refuse to open in the summer, and a glass of water, frozen in dry ice, will break when dropped in a pot of boiling water. When Walt expanded, it was amazing . It was like someone shoved an M80 inside a Cornish game hen and lit the fuse. Walt's head, limbs, and frozen gizzards went flying everywhere. \"Ciao, Mickey Mouse!\" Kurt spat. A moment later, the rumbling earthquake got stronger, and the mausoleum compartments started cracking open. I saw a rotting foot kicking open one of the broken concrete seals. A growling dog snout, one that was mostly bone, nosed open another. \"We need to go,\" Kurt said. \"Unless you'd like to perform Thriller. \" I chuckled. \"I admit that does sound fun...\" The man picked up Miley Cyrus, throwing her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes, running out into the castle courtyard. I hadn't paid much attention to this detail, but there was a smaller door near the giant one, behind one of the giant torches. We all ran through this door, hurrying down a crumbling stone spiral staircase identical to the one they show on every Tales From the Crypt episode. After crossing through what appeared to be the actual Cryptkeeper set, we entered a white corridor, and I flinched, fearing another laser fry slicer. \"Relax,\" Kurt said, unzipping a dufflebag he'd been carrying with his other arm. \"This room is safe. The ones past her, those are the ones you should really worry about.\" Atthe end of this room, we neared a wall, covered with a grid crisscrossed with neatly arranged asterisk patterns. Kurt stared at his watch for an entire minute, then marched ahead. The wall abruptly slid away, and he was climbing into a large cube shaped room. \"Hurry!\" he shouted to me and my companions. \"It'll move soon!\" And so I jumped in. The room was a perfect cube, the same length along the walls, floor and ceiling, and each of those surfaces was patterned with the same looking grid/asterisk design, backlit by a pale eerie light. At dead center of the roof, floor, and all four walls, there was a square opening, through which you could either climb, drop, or even jump, if you could manage to jump high enough to go up. \"Hey!\" I said. \"I've seen this movie! You've got through it by using prime numbers, right?\" \"No,\" Kurt answered. \"I actually got through it by throwing plush toys and Googling the score to When You Wish Upon A Star .\" He pointed to a music note on the wall. \"If you know the pattern,\" I said. \"Why do you need the stuffed toys?\" \"Cel phone reception is shit down here. I'm lucky to get two bars.\" I stared into the bag. \"Still, it looks like you've got a few left...\" Looking depressed, he said, \"I came here with six bags.\" With those inspiring words, he dug out a plush version of that crab from Little Mermaid , hurling it through one of the openings. The moment the toy went through, I saw a thousand razor tipped metal rods shoot out of the walls, slicing Sebastian into a cloud of cotton stuffing and ripped fabric. Kurt glanced at the opening to his left, then looked at the opening to the right before turning around and facing the direction we came in. He pointed. \"That way.\" \"But that's the way we came in!\" I protested. \" I know, \" he said with a tone of resignation. A second later, we were staring at a wall. No more entrance. The room had moved. We were now trapped in Hypercube . \"Please tell me your phone is still charged.\"[Chapter 63] Drew I Googled the clock company to see if they truly were \"What it says on the tin\" and found out they called it a \"sweatshop\" because the guy worked really really hard. I suppose, if this were Miss Terious's doing, she had been too dumb to figure out how to get clocks made with real sweatshop labor. The only online complaints I could find about this place were that the clocks weren't genuine Swiss clocks, they were Hungarian, they never gave refunds, and the guy was notorious for processing payments with insufficient credentials, i.e., allowing people to make too many attempts at generating their own false expiration dates and CVV codes until they \"got it right.\" If they said the billing address was for Texas and the account holder lived in Ohio, they didn't care. In fact, if a bank rejected a pending charge due to a wrong billing address, they'd simply search the internet for the \"right address\" and run it again. Federal law couldn't legally force them to give refunds, so they never did. Worse, all their call centers were in India or the Philippines, where the law was sketchy, and customer service reps could pretend to not understand English while they politely gave you the runaround. I could still dispute the charge with my bank, but there was one foreseeable problem with doing this: If I actually got the kookoo clocks, I couldn't say I hadn't received goods and/or services, and they would be skeptical about any sort of fraud that involves products being shipped to my apartment . Even if they were shipped to the guy next door, I'd have a chance at disputing it. It would make no sense for someone to ship things fraudulently to my apartment, unless they worked in the leasing office, and could take them out of my mailbox . Who in their right mind would believe that story? Cupcake had seated herself on the table top next to the computer, legs spread, one hand drawing up part of her skirt. Blue panties, white trim. \"Can you...dispute the charges?\" I admit I was a little flustered by her antics, especially when compiled with catastrophic failure like this. \"Uh, yeah. I mean, no , not unless I go back to my world and visit the bank.\" I sighed. \"And doing that isn't exactly easy.\" \"You can't do it by phone?\" I laughed. \"You work for a bank and you ask me that ?\" She looked like she sincerely didn't know. I rolled my eyes. \"The only fraud dispute you can do by phone is shutting off your debit card. You have to physically fill out a bundle of paperwork and mail it, which can take weeks, sometimes months, or go into a bank and do it there, which generally takes a little less time. I personally need to get this done fast to keep my apartment.\" I gestured to the computer. \"I'm done. Want me to shut this off?\" She shoved it aside. \"I'll take care of it.\" \"Thanks,\" I said. \"You've been pretty decent about this whole thing.\" Truthfully, her suggestive behavior wasn't exactly decent, but I didn't say anything because, well, maybe I didn't mind so much. She scooted in front of me, spreading her legs wider. \"Can I ask you something, Drew?\" Squirming a little, I answered, \"Okay?\" \"I haven't seen you transform any. You were a dinosaur for a couple minutes, but you're mostly human. Why is that?\" \"I've found a cure.\" She chuckled. \"You act as if being a doodle is a bad thing.\" Sighing, I said, \"I just want my normal life back.\" \"Normal is boring.\" \"Maybe I like boring.\" \"Sometimes I like boring too,\" she said with a smirk. \"Why a dinosaur? Among my people, you turned into a bird. This is Ewes Bank. Why not a sheep?\" \"I don't know. Maybe it's part of the cure?\" For a few seconds, I turned into a sheep and bleated, making her laugh. She placed a hand on my makeshift bandage. \"Is it healing any?\" \"Probably not,\" I said. She kissed me. \" My noble king. \" And then she grabbed my hand, drawing it along her upper thigh. I pulled my hand away. \"Stop.\" Again, being seduced by a shapely cartoon bird only added to the already existing frustration and sexual confusion. She eased herself down onto my pants. \"What's wrong.\" \"I just showed you what's wrong!\" I snapped. I shoved her back up on the table. Cupcake planted her boots on the armrests of my chair, showing me her wares. The blue underwear was exactly the same color her skin used to be. \"Is there anything I can do to help?\" I grabbed her knees, pulling her legs together. The way she shuddered when I touched her, you would have thought I were running my hands down her breasts. I pretended not to notice. \"You think you can get your little birdies to carry me over to Holli Would's apartment? \"Ahem.\" She stood up on the table, arched her back, and bat wings exploded from her body, paring down her clothing in the process. Her top and miniskirt burst open, becoming part of the wings' tan underside, the chains snapping across the stretched out leather folds, leaving her in robin's egg colored bra and panties. \"How about one big bird?\" I swallowed. \" That'll work.\" But as she hopped down from the table, I suddenly realized the problem with this whole endeavor. \"Wait,\" I said as I got up. \"How's this going to work? I'm barely into the first day of training. I can't just skip out, can I?\" She pushed me into the table, touching her beak to my lips. \"They trust me here, and I'm a quick study. I'll show you the ropes, and then some. \" \"I've heard that workplace relationships don't work,\" I stammered. \"If we have a problem,\" she breathed. \"I'll just fire you and keep you on as a consultant. \" This did nothing to decrease the awkwardness of the situation. I reddened. \"Shall we go?\" Like most office buildings, the majority of the ceiling to floor windows at Ewes Bank didn't actually open, but this didn't stop Cupcake. She just pulled a knob out of her bra, stuck it to the glass, and she had an instant casement. As she pushed it outward, I saw the door to the room crack open, and a yellow feathery head poked in. \"Did somebody call me?\" The creature limped in, clad in a neck brace, his leg in a cast, one wing in a sling. I guess it's hard to write off a doodle once they're relatively popular. \"My apologies,\" Cupcake said. \"I meant to say `large bird.' \" Big Bird looked disappointed. \"Very well, my queen. Are you certain there isn't any service I can perform for your majesty?\" \"Thank you, Big Bird,\" Cupcake said. \"But no. You should really rest up until your injuries heal.\" Big Bird frowned. \"Yes, your highness.\" And then he nodded at me . \"My king.\" The fowl waddled away with his head down. Sort of. He had a neck brace, you know. Cupcake led me to the window. \"Do you trust me?\" I swallowed. I really hadn't had any reason not to trust her. All she wanted to do was get into my pants. \"Yeah...\" I almost said, \"With most things\" or \"With my life,\" but they both sounded awkward and dangerous, so I just nodded and said yeah again. She stepped out the window, hopped onto a cloud, and beckoned to me. \"Seriously?\" Her glowing eyes narrowed. \"Do you trust me or not, Drew!\" I sighed, taking the first trembling step toward the pane. A weird voice nearly startled me headfirst into the parking lot below. \"Did somebody call me?\" Glancing back, I saw a big blue green avian creature that looked suspiciously like the guy that had just left. \"I'm Large Bird. \" I groaned. \"Uh, no. We're good. \" \"You know, I'm glad . I've always said she needed to get laid.\" \"No, no. Not that good! \" \"Gee, I'm sorry to hear that!\" I turned to face the demon bird on the clouds, who still waved me over. \"You want me to jump?\" I called. She shrugged. \"Unless you can grow your own wings and fly over !\" \"Is it safe?\" In response, she did an erotic stripper type dance on the cloud. \"All right. But I'm going to be mad if I fall down and die.\" \"I thought you trusted me,\" she said with a pout. \"All right,\" I stammered nervously. \"All right. Fine. I trust you.\" Singing Round and Round by Ratt in attempts to protect myself against the inevitable fall, I leapt from the window, turning into a shovel beaked Parasaurolophus as I did so. I fell. Cupcake swooped down and caught me as I dropped past the first floor, grunting with the effort of lifting my large saurian form. A creepy looking gargoyle turned its head, grinning at my escort. \"Hey, hot mama!\" His voice had a weird distortion to it. \"Why don't you drop this dweeb and hang out with me for awhile?\" I supposed the wings and horns were a big turn on for him. \"No thanks,\" Cupcake said. \"I don't date architectural features.\" \"Ouch.\" Once up on the cloud, I relaxed somewhat, turning human again. I allowed Cupcake to press her body against my back, feigning nonchalance as she wrapped her arms around me, placing her hands on my chest. Her wings flapped, and we were off, soaring across the idealized cartoon landscape. \"There. That's not so bad, is it?\" she breathed in my ear. I didn't want to say yes, but it wasn't that bad, either. \"Um,\" I stammered. And that's all I could manage. She giggled. \"You're staying in the big twisty building with the eye on it, right?\" \"Yeah,\" I said. \"How did you know?\" Cupcake laughed. \"Drew. Think about what you just said.\" I grimaced. \" Oh that's right . Bird queen. Tell me. What's your national baby farm going to say about us sleeping together?\" She nearly dropped me in surprise. I think she must have interpreted this as `Let's go to town right now.' \"They're very open about it,\" she eagerly gushed. \"Of course, storks don't deliver most bird babies. You lay them yourself .\" Then she purred, \" What's your baby farm going to say about us sleeping together.. .It's almost like something you'd say after you did it. Or immediately before. \" I gulped. \"I was being hypothetical. I meant `if' we slept together, what would they say.\" \"Three quarters of the company would say, `was it as good for you as it was for me?'\" \"I'm...assuming...you mean that you're three quarters of the company?\" \"Uh-huh.\" As if I wasn't already uncomfortable enough. \" What's your baby farm going to say... \" she kept repeating under her breath. Cupcake knew exactly where to go. In seconds, we were at my sister's window. The trouble was, the window was locked from the inside. I knocked several times before anyone opened up. I was greeted by Dane, still dressed in her crazy costume. \"You're back early!\" When she saw my companion, she burst out laughing. \"I see you've got a new girlfriend!\" \" Not as new as you might think, \" Cupcake said. \"Miss...Kookoo.\" Dane raised her hands defensively, eyes wide, her mouth hanging open in shock. \"That was a joke! I hate kookoo clocks! Honest!\" \"May we come in?\" Cupcake said. Dane waved us in, looking visibly nervous. \"I dig the new look,\" she said as Cupcake folded down her wings, fastening her clothing articles back into their original positions. \"It's badass.\" The bird smiled. \"Thank you.\" \"I agree,\" I said. \"It is cool.\" Cupcake blushed a little, tugging her shirt collar open wider. \" I am happy to please my king. \" Dane giggled. \"You made a good choice, your highness. \" I glanced around, but didn't see my sister. \"Where's Amanda?\" Dane shrugged. \"She went down to some strip club. She said she was going to help you pay off the car.\" I sighed. \"I hate to say it, but that actually sounds like a plan.\" I frowned. \"Look. I'm going back to the real world. It's only going to be for a few hours. Someone did fraud on my bank account and I need to fix that so I don't get evicted. You want to come along?... You don't exactly belong here... \" \"No way,\" Dane said, her face completely serious. \"I'm never leaving here. Ever !\" And then, after a pause, \"Okay, maybe if I really really had to, but you'd have to have a damn good reason.\" Sneezer's head popped out from behind a curtain. \"I'll go!\" I rolled my eyes. \"That's pretty much a given.\" And then I did a double take. \"How did you know I'd be here?\" \"A little bird told me.\" Extra popped out of the mouse's pocket. \"Sorry, master.\" Groaning, I stepped out the door, into the hallway. The Bird Queen followed me. \"Look, Cupcake,\" I said. \"I really don't think you should come with me. I'm going to the real world . People will stare. There could be a problem.\" \"You're letting the mouse go...\" she pointed out. \"Well, yeah,\" I said. \"But Sneezer follows me around whether I want him to or not.\" Sneezer nodded. \" And it pays off! Sometimes he turns into rat woman and gives me passionate kisses. In fact, last night, we almost scored. \" Cupcake grinned. \"Then I have to come along. After all, someone has to sign off on this manager approved company activity. \" That made it even more horrible. \"Fine,\" I said. \"If you want to come along, you can. I guess I owe you.\" \"Notice how he didn't disagree,\" Sneezer said. \" About the scoring. \" The bird queen smiled broadly. \" I noticed! \" Trying not to think about all this, I hurried over to Holli's place, knocking on her cardboard door. A slender goat in a white dress opened it. \"I'm afraid there's been a problem with the formula.\"[Chapter 64] \"What kind of problem are you having with the formula?\" I asked. \"It can't be any worse than randomly turning into a doodle for a second, can it?\" \"Actually, yes. It can be worse.\" She bleated in goat fashion. \"I've been like this for an hour. It's stable, but in the wrong way.\" \"How long do I have?\" \"Judging by when you first dosed?\" She checked her watch. \"Half a day or less.\" \"Perfect. Hopefully this will give me just enough time to get things fixed at the bank.\" And then, as an afterthought, \"Just the same, if I take a second dose...\" \"You can try it,\" Holli said. \"But it doesn't seem to have any affect on Rommel.\" \"Do you...have any newer mixtures that work better?\" Holli shook her head. \"The last rat I tested exploded.\" \"I'm sure it'll be fine,\" Cupcake said as she massaged my shoulders. Holli frowned. \"What's she doing here?\" \"Well,\" I said. \"She's my new boss, and she was nice enough to fly me over here.\" \"He also loves me,\" she purred. \"I... like her,\" I said. \"Love's kind of strong for someone I just barely know...\" Holli just shrugged. \"Sleep with whoever you want. Just be good to my daughter, okay?\" \"Of course,\" I said. And then, noticing how bad that sounded, I quickly added, \"No one said I'm going to sleep with Cupcake.\" \"But the thought has crossed his mind,\" Cupcake said. I winced. \"Let's talk about this later.\" Holli showed me into the lab, handing me a couple bottles of chemicals. \"I probably wouldn't use these except as a last resort.\" Cupcake swiped something, stuffing it into her cleavage, but I turned a blind eye to it. If she wanted to turn into Frankentweetie, that was her decision. It would only make it that less likely for me to sleep with her. We took the rip in space/time back to Dane's place. Although it was uncomfortable to have Cupcake and the mouse around, I was thankful for them when they helped me open the portal. Once through the hole, we waded through the piles of musty junk in the girl's bedroom. I frowned at the unmade bed, the sloppily stuffed dresser drawers, the posters hung in haphazard fashion. \"What a dump!\" Cupcake complained. \"Finally!\" I said. \"Someone who gets it!\" \" I don't get it,\" Sneezer said. I rolled my eyes. \"You wouldn't.\" The moment I stepped out into the hallway, an unmuscular body with tattooed arms shoved me into the wall, pressing a knife to my throat. My bottles of chemical fell to the floor, but fortunately they were plastic, and they fell on carpet, so nothing was lost. \"What have you done with my girlfriend!\" he yelled. I suppose I could have fought back, but then again, I wasn't really that interested in interfering in their relationship. \"She's alive and well,\" I said. \"She just likes being in cartoon world better than she likes being here.\" Greg punched me in the face. \"Look,\" I pleaded. \"She clearly has no interest in me, so we don't need to fight over this. In fact, I can take you to cartoon land, if it'll make you feel any better.\" \"So you killed her, now you're threatening me?\" \"No...\" He punched me again. \"Don't you touch my boyfriend!\" Cupcake screamed, and then I saw nothing but a cloud of black and tan feathers. A second later, the young man was flat on his back with his knife buried in the carpet just an inch from his throat. \"Jesus,\" he whispered as he stared up at the demonic creature standing on his chest. \"I'm never smoking that shit again!\" I got away from the guy as quickly as I could. The clocks in the house said 4:40 PM. Well, the one on the Greg's open laptop actually said 4:40, the DVD said two PM, and the oven said twelve o' clock. Although I never understood bankers' hours, I respected them. We'd have to hurry. Not wanting to interrupt Greg's fat people pornography browsing, I opened a new tab on his browser, getting directions to the nearest branch of my bank. I used a golf pencil to write the directions down on an envelope of an insurance cancellation notice, and we were out the door. \"Um, Cupcake?\" I asked. \"Yes, my king?\" \"Would you have any objection to flying me over to twelfth street?\" \"None whatsoever.\" She spread her wings in her usual indecent manner. \"You just wanted to see me in my underwear, didn't you?\" \"Um,\" I stammered. \"It's more like icing on the cake.\" I mostly said this to encourage her to fly me to the bank. Mostly. \"Icing! On a Cupcake! I like it!\" It turned out Cupcake had a photographic memory. I guess it comes with the territory. Classic animated storks don't use Mapquest. We got stared at, but she carried me and Sneezer over the roofs of tobacco stores, used car lots, and those damn tax offices with the guys in Statue of Liberty costumes out front, landing at the Las Vegas Bank of the West. I told my companions to stay outside, and try not to get into trouble. I suspected all my activities would be on Facebook later, but I wanted to minimize the damage. I took a seat along the wall facing the only clerk able to handle fraud disputes (as opposed to the tellers, which happened to be abundant), waiting patiently as she showed a skinny geezer with missing teeth how to read his online bank statement and view his stocks. I worried that they'd continue to ignore me until closing time, but I had faith in the system. No one can occupy a bank chair for more than a minute without being asked if they needed help. That's good and bad. While I waited, I flickered doodle a few times. People muttered and pointed at me, but I pretended to read a copy of Forbes. \"Can I help you?\" The clerk had finished showing the guy how to use the Internet, it seemed. She reminded me of a high school math teacher. Conservatively dressed, dark skinned, hornrimmed spectacles, sour expression on her face, hair in a tight bun. She was everything I looked for in a banker. I prefer honesty to plastic smiles. I hurried to her glass topped desk, whipped out my ID, and told her my story. Okay, not my whole story , but the easy to digest version. While I was doing this, I changed into a doodle a few more times, but kept serious, thinking serious thoughts until I changed back. I acted as if nothing were wrong. Better check your prescriptions again, Mrs. Jennings, I implied nonverbally. As I signed the dispute forms, my hand became useless due to becoming Parasaurolophus and staying that way, but I got sad and depressed enough about it that my hand flickered real and I was able to turn the papers in. The woman stared at me, but I refused to act uncomfortable or nervous. I was determined to repair this blight on my account. \"Has that check gone through yet?\" I asked. \"The one for the rent?\" Mrs. Jennings frowned at the screen. \"I'm sorry, Mr. Deebes. That check already shows a decline.\" I sighed. \"I guess I'll just have to write another check.\" \"This is going to sound silly,\" she said. \"But I could almost swear that you look like a dinosaur.\" I shrugged. \"Maybe I am one...You know, one time a kid I met said I was old because I remembered when Reagan was president.\" \"No, I mean, like a real dinosaur.\" She nodded her head toward the tellers. \"You see them pointing?\" I played dumb, glancing over at them. \" They're pointing? \" And then, after pretending to think about it for a moment, \"You're sure they're pointing at me?\" Mrs. Jennings rubbed her eyes. She looked disturbed, but processed the forms anyway, typing something on the computer. \"I think the coffee's wearing off.\" After telling me I had a provisional credit on my account, she showed me my online statement to make sure she'd done it right. I told her it was correct got up, and immediately found my animated jaw dropping to the tile floor. A shapely young woman with perfect coffee brown skin, short cropped dark hair, dressed in clothing suspiciously similar to my royal bird friend came clopping into the room on her high heeled boots. I gawked at her plump but visually pleasing facial features, the wide flat nose, forming sort of an odd beak shape, the dark glittering brown eyes... The chains were real. I heard them jangling around her breasts. The polo appeared to be actually made of the rough Peruvian cotton weave you'd expect one to be made of, likewise the skirt. The gloves and boots seemed to be leather. It was hot. When I put my jaw back, I found my heart beating out of my chest, and I was making a weird saurian bellow. She clopped over to me, giving me a coy smile. \"Is there a problem?\" The voice. It was unmistakable. \"Cupcake?\" \" Dolly Madison , actually,\" she said in a seductive purr. I chortled. \"And all this time, I thought your name had something to do with breast size.\" `Dolly' only twisted her lip. \"Is it done?\" I nodded. \"Did you... drink something? \" She slid her hands down her hips. \"Sneezer said you had a thing for noids.\" Hearing a chirping sound, she reached into her purse, taking out a phone. \"Hold on. I just got a Tweet.\" She giggled and typed something. Was this one of her informants, or just some real life weenie complaining a tiny brained celebrity doing something stupid? I didn't ask, out of politeness. She put away her phone. \"Carlos is waiting for you in the parking lot.\" \"Carlos?\" I said. \" Carlos Queso . You know, your friend. \" I stared at her for a moment. \"That's okay. I don't really want to know.\" I found out anyway. The moment I turned human and pushed open the glass door, I found myself staring at a little guy that bore a striking resemblance to one of those `Homies' toys you see in certain gumball machines, specifically the `Mousey' one. The hombre was skinny, with a backwards cap and rodent-like features, but still a man. I would have stared for a moment and passed by without a second thought, had he not been wearing Sneezer's costume, the jacket, slacks and all. \"How'd it go?\" he said in Sneezer's voice. I glanced at him, then at `Dolly.' \"You both drank that stuff, didn't you.\" Sneezer just shrugged. \"Whatever. Let's go have lunch.\" I would have said, `Let's go back to my apartment,' but that implied something I wasn't ready for, even with a suddenly humanized Cupcake. I would have preferred to go out, but I couldn't afford it, even with provisional credit. As we stood in the parking lot, the full weight of Cupcake's action struck me. \"Cupcake, we're, uh, in for a long walk.\" Out in the parking lot, the attractive young woman grunted and wiggled for a few moments, apparently trying to pull the bird stripper routine as a human. Failing to shred her clothing like the Incredible Hulk, she pulled off her chains, tried it again, and when she failed a second time, she pulled off her top. \"Cupcake. Dolly. You probably shouldn't be doing that in public. There are laws here...\" \"It won't matter once we're in the air,\" she said as she yanked off her skirt. \"Plus, I like seeing you squirm.\" I had nothing to say to that last comment. She did look very... nice . \"All right . Let's hope this works.\" As luck would have it, wings actually did pop out of her back. As I stared at her silky blue underwear, cartoon bat wings spread out from behind her. \"You know, I'm not sure this is going to be safe. Maybe you should fly low.\" \"Definitely,\" she said. \"On the way in, I tripped on a rock and fell on my knee. I'd rather not experience any more pain today.\" She stuffed her clothes into her purse, which, though real looking must have had Hammerspace in the bottom, then grabbed me, flapping her wings. In attempts to keep her afloat, I taught her Three Months To Kill by Hueylin Duvall, School Day by Chuck Berry, and some other mindless songs. As I directed her to my apartment, her wings fluctuated between leathery horror B-movie bat wings, cartoon wings, and no wings, wherein we remained suspended only by the theme song to The Great Space Coaster . I was rather pleased to defy the laws of physics in the real world for once, instead of having it defy me. We crash landed on the roof of a McDonald's two blocks from my house. It would have been convenient had I not been broke, and hanging out with a half naked chick. Fortunately for us, the building was as rigid and wooden as their French fries, so we didn't cause any property damage. Once Cupcake was decently clad, well, the equivalent , we climbed down from the smoking area, hurrying across a busy intersection and down a sidewalk lacking curb to the complex. I had the keys, but it turned out I didn't need them. Someone had bashed in my door. The handle and the locking mechanism had been knocked in so much that it couldn't lock, or even click into the hole to make the door stay closed. Instead, it stayed closed due to the splintery piece hanging askew from the caved in door handle piece. All you had to do was push it in to access the room, and pull the damaged portion snug in the frame to close it again. Not secure at all. It got worse. When I walked into my apartment, I found it clean. Too clean. My TV was gone. My computer. My Amazon Kindle. My games and game systems. My radio. No bills, no paperwork of any kind, no bank statements or checks anywhere. No trash. Paradoxically, I also found no trash, the dishes spotless, stacked in my cabinets, my bed made. It was like I had been robbed by Mary Poppins. When I thought about reporting this, I slowly began to comprehend the evil of this scheme: No one was ever going to believe that my things were stolen. On my bed I found an oversized greeting card envelope, tied with a shiny red bow. Seething at the audacity of this bipolar vandal, I ripped the envelope open, scowling at what I found inside. `Thank you for your business!' the card said on the outside, beneath a pretentious looking image of a wooden bird. The interior was blank, save for one brief message, written a neat cursive script. We're even. -M.T. I ripped the card in half, crumpling the pieces in my fists. \"That bitch!\" Cupcake cried. I couldn't help but smirk a little at her appearing to sympathize with my plight. This definitely was a doodle who `got it.' \"Did you say we could have lunch?\" Sneezer asked. My journey to Cool World had happened long before I had a chance to go grocery shopping. I treated my guests to peanut butter sandwiches. We ate in silence around my little table, staring at each other, I and Sneezer in office chairs some company discarded, Cupcake on the bed, legs under the table. In case you're wondering, from time to time, I have rolled over in my sleep and knocked dishes to the floor. \"I have no checkbook,\" I said. \"Which means I can't write anything to pay the rent.\" \"Still,\" Cupcake said. \" You disputed the charges . When was your rent due anyway?\" That reminded me to charge the phone. Unfortunately, `Mary Thievins' had taken my charger too, along with my calendar and my alarm clocks. My microwave was an older model that didn't tell time. Even the stove didn't have one. I glanced at my phone, its battery now down to one bar. \"I got a week.\" She smiled. \"So you can still make this work!\" That made me feel a little better. \"I guess you're right. I think I could even maybe drive to work to get that straightened out.\" \"That's the spirit!\" I took another bite of my sandwich. \"I'm sorry about this. I'd take you somewhere nicer if I wasn't so broke.\" \"It's okay. I understand. You were robbed. \" She ate a piece of her own sandwich, pausing for a moment to fight the dry peanut butter down her throat. \"I...noticed you've been...treating me differently.\" \"I...I dunno,\" I stammered. \"I mean, you're real right now...\" \"I mean, before that. \" \"Well, I kinda did feel sorry for you...And you do seem to have matured since we last... met. \" That wasn't quite the word I wanted to use to describe my visit to bird land, but it was the first one that came to mind. \"You work at a bank . A real bank. You obviously know something about the real world and finances or you wouldn't be where you are. And then you help me out. ..You don't do that diaper thing anymore, do you?\" \"No... Did you want me to? \" \"Uh, no,\" I said. \"I thought a lot about that when I was in the Shadow Realm. After that first year alone, I asked myself, `Do I want to please my king, or do I want to spend a life alone, pooping on myself?' I answered, `Although pooping is indeed pleasurable, it does not compare to winning the heart of someone I truly care about.' And so I stopped. Anything to please my king.\" \"He prefers bird poop on his windows,\" Sneezer said. I thought about disagreeing, but instead I said, \"That's right. It's better there than in my bed.\" Still, probably implied more than I wanted anyway. I took a deep breath. 'You were crazy before, like all the other doodles, but now you're... professional , for lack of a better word. You get me. I like it.\" She turned into a demon bird. \"Drew, you flatter me!\" \"Uh, as long as you don't let it get to your head, queen. \" Cupcake giggled. \"We'll have to work on putting the `my' or at least an `oh' in there.\" She became human once more. Once that meager repast was finished, I sat down on the end of my bed, staring at the tidy floor. The leasing office was already closed, so I couldn't do much about the unwanted packages, or the rent. I dialed work, but after ringing a few times, the phone died, the screen going black. I tossed it on the carpet. \"You can drive to work tomorrow,\" she said, pushing me onto my bed. \"Let's have some fun.\" Sneezer pulled up a chair to watch. I admit I had thought about it, but I was trying to get myself out of this whole mess, not dig myself in deeper. \"I, uh, I'm not sure I want to have that kind of fun yet.\" She wrapped her legs around my waist. \"Why not? You like me, you like how I look, maybe really really like how I look... It sure feels like it... \" \"Cupcake,\" I protested as she unshackled her top. \"Regardless of what I feel about you, I went through a lot of trouble to cure myself. I don't want to mess that up.\" \"Drew, is being a doodle really all that bad?\" I swallowed. \"Somewhat, yes.\" \" Somewhat,\" she said, turning into the demon. \"That implies that there's some things about being a doodle that you actually like.\" \"Well, yeah,\" I admitted. Just when I thought I found her logical mind refreshing. She pulled off her top. I'm ashamed to admit it, but the first thought that came to my mind was, `If I sleep with you, will I grow wings?' I shook my head, forcing myself to be serious, and not stare at her breasts. \"Wait. C'mon. I don't want to be like this forever!\" And then I turned into a dinosaur and bellowed for emphasis. I figure if I had stayed a doodle, she may not have had as much fun with me, but, of course, I didn't stay animated for that long. I guessed the side effects would happen a few hours later, or something. She turned human, rubbing her crotch against me. \"How about now?\" \"I'm sorry. It's like an STD. Just because I don't see it doesn't mean I can't get infected.\" Cupcake frowned, pulling a shiny silver package out of her bra. \"Would this help?\" I stared at her in shock. \"Not you too!\" \"Don't worry, my king,\" she said, tearing the package open. \"Unlike your French Tickler, this one doesn't actually talk.\" I paled. \"How did you know about that?\" She gave me a wink. \"I am the bird queen.\" She undid her skirt, then worked on undoing my shirt buttons. \"Don't worry, Drew. Tomorrow we can check with your job, and get you those checks you need.\" That's when Carlos Queso stuck a little rectangle of paper printed with my routing and account number in front of my face. \"Is this a check?\" I frowned as I examined it. It was blank. Well, not blank, signed and blank . I sat up, accidentally bumping my face into Cupcake's bra. Ignoring her giggles, I snatched the check out of Sneezer's hands. \"Where did you get this!\" \"I grabbed it on the way in,\" he said with a shrug. \"Someone stapled a whole bunch of them to a telephone pole.\"[Chapter 65] Jessica 0000 We had to figure out the score to When You Wish Upon A Star, backwards , or die in a complicated death trap. Worse, I noticed Hanna Montana stirring from her beauty sleep, which potentially could mean the accidental death of us all. My phone had run a little low on juice, so I really didn't want to use that , either. I mean, seriously, what would you read? Okay, so maybe I could possibly type something up from memory, but... As I pondered this, Misty took out a Dick Tracy watch, clicking the buttons. \"Agent Dark Monkey! What is your status?\" The sounds of a gibbering chimp answered her. \"Ah, so you've found the address. Good work!\" Chimpanzee sounds. \"...I really don't care. Get in there any way you can. Insectia should be able to come up with something, but if she runs out of ideas, there's nothing wrong with a little brute force.\" I heard a loud cracking sound. \"I sent Insectia to accompany you for a reason , Dark Monkey!\" Misty scolded. The monkey answered her with an `I'm sorry' sound. Kurt cleared his throat impatiently. Misty frowned. \"Listen, Dark Monkey, do you know the notes to When You Wish Upon A Star ?\" Hoo hoo hoo hee hee hee. \"That's really okay. We wouldn't want to derail your mission.\" She glanced at the man with embarrassment. \"I'm sorry. I don't know that one.\" She shut the device off, giving him a smile. \"Unfortunately, neither does my monkey.\" Looking frustrated, Kurt removed Miley's gag, asking her about the song. Instead of screaming about the kidnapping, she said, \"Wow! Kurt Russell! I've seen all your movies.\" The man rolled his eyes. \"Thanks. Look, we're in a tight situation, so if you want to get out of here alive, I need you to tell me if you know the complete score to When You Wish Upon A Star.\" She shook her head. \"No, no. I sing from a teleprompter.\" But then she frowned. \"Did you say When You Wish Upon A Star?\" Kurt crossed his arms and nodded. \"I'm not sure, but I kinda think I know that one backwards and forwards.\" \"I know it too,\" Chad whispered to me. \"Well, parts of it... \" \" Everyone knows parts of it,\" I snapped. \"Be quiet!\" Kurt pointed to a music note on a little brass plaque in the corner. \"Obviously we're at the end of the song. What goes before this note?\" Miley hummed a note, pointed to one of the doors bearing the preceding letter. In the Cube movie, the puzzle was solved by an idiot savant, too. We stepped into the next cube, unharmed by...whatever deadly trap that could have been there. Misty held her watch to her ear again, listening to the squealing chimp. \"Yes, yes. Get rid of all those things. We need to teach him how crippling the loss of that factory was to my personal finances. Especially those birds. Did you remember the card?\" The monkey grunted yes. \"Good, good. Now I want you to make a big mess of his place, too.\" She frowned as she listened again. \"What do you mean, it's already a mess?\" I tapped her on the shoulder. \"He's a man , Misty. You might upset him more by cleaning up , and moving everything around where he can't find it.\" \"But he turns into a girl rat! \" I laughed and shook my head. \"Trust me on this one. He'll be pissed. \" \"What about the clocks? Should I take those, too?\" \"Uh...\" I thought about it a moment. \" I guess you could , and the cell phone charger and his calendars, but that would just be mean. \" Kurt said Mickey's place was chock full of deadly traps, but we didn't have to worry about them. Miley could just take one of our pencils, draw a measure with notes in it, and point us to the appropriate room. That may sound amazing, but I don't think she's really as talented as all that. I'm pretty sure it has more to do with the fact that, for her, regurgitation is a survival skill. In an hour, we stood in another white hallway. \"One thing that bugs me about this,\" I said as I followed Kurt through a gate, into another underground concrete tunnel lined with Mickey heads. \"If we were in the entrance when we started, and the rooms are always moving around, couldn't we have just sat in that same room and waited for it to roll us down here?\" \"I tried that,\" Kurt replied. \"But I ended up in a room full of gay guys in baby costumes. They tried to put me in the big crib.\" He visibly shuddered. As we neared the end of the tunnel, Misty stopped, talking on her Dick Tracy watch again. \"Agent Dark Monkey! Status report!\" The monkey jabbered incoherently. \"... I see. Very good.\" Misty stared at me. \"What are those little pieces of paper with the numbers running along the bottom?\" I frowned. \"Receipts?\" \"They are rectangular, and have different designs on them.\" \"Like baseball or Pokemon cards?\" \"No, those are cards .\" She showed me an image. \"Oh. Those . Those are checks .\" I had to explain how they worked. Misty told the monkey to do something with them, and we continued our march. The tunnel took us to a cave-like dimly lit gray room piled full of boat parts and little broken animatronic dolls. Judging by the ladder and the tools, it seemed to be a maintenance area, and the endlessly repeating inane music I kept hearing told me it was the Small World ride. Hearing crying, I told Chad to bounce little Isosceles, maybe check if his diaper had been changed. But then I noticed the crying had an unusual amplitude. I dismissed this at first, thinking that if I were a baby being made to ride on that stupid boat, I'd cry too. Then I looked down. Below, piled in a big mound, lay a dozen, maybe more, children that had...strangely doodle-like characteristics. Kind of like... Isosceles. The crying abruptly stopped as they all turned to face me. \"My babies!\" I squealed. Chad fainted.[Chapter 66] \" All right... \" Kurt said as he watched me pick up and cuddle my babies. \"I was going to help you out to the parking lot, but it looks like you've got your work cut out for you here...not that I could complain about taking an army of weird deformed baby monsters home...\" He grabbed our captive's arm. \"C'mon, Miley. I know a place where we can get free drinks.\" I was about to ask him to show me so I could get some too, but Misty already had her icer out. \"Tsk, tsk. The party's just started.\" Kurt spun around to attack, but it was too late. Both he and the pop tart collapsed unconscious on the floor. I put my hands on my hips, glancing at her. \"I assume you have a plan.\" \"`Natch.\" She took a device that looked like a giant Tricorder out of her `buggage.' \"Spike, please.\" Oh. I forgot to mention something. Since I had the spike stuck in my bikini this whole time, I never once changed back into a human. Awesome! Anyways, that's why I was able to carry the thing so far without an embarrassing `wardrobe malfunction.' I turned back into a noid the moment I handed it over. \"That thing doesn't give you cancer, does it?\" Misty only shrugged. \"You know, I'm not really sure.\" The Tricorder thing was designed to interface with the spike in a way that was kind of Freudian,but I guess really there are few cartoons that aren't in some way Freudian. Thong wearing guys with swords cutting bloodless holes in dragons, for example. She pushed a button on this device, and all of a sudden it's like there's a hurricane blowing through, and I see a beam shooting out, ripping a big hole in reality, through which I could see Master Blaster's throne room. I have never been so glad to see an animated world. \"Hey,\" I said. \"Why couldn't we have done this back there? Instead of going through The Cube?\" \"The Cube was moving ,\" Misty said. That almost made sense. \"Okay. So what about before The Cube? Why couldn't we have done this at Mickey's place, or in the Cryptkeeper's Crypt?\" Misty just sighed. My jaw dropped. \"You knew?\" \"It was on the computer . I didn't want to tell you about the babies up front or we'd never complete the mission.\" In response, I shouted, \"Okay, Miss Let's Put The Mission Aside To Get Revenge on Drew Deebes!\" Instead of apologizing, she said, \"I didn't actually know we were going through this area of the park. I thought we were going to need to make an extra trip just to find all your little darlings.\" She cleared her throat. \"Believe it or not, I actually did intend on doing just that, but not before we got everything else done.\" And then she said the closest thing I would get to an apology. \"I didn't know if we were going to live. If I knew we would be standing here with the Spike...\" She pushed some buttons on the device. \"At any rate, let's get those prisoners, and your babies , back into Cool World where they belong.\" Our adult companions were a little heavy, but between me, Chad and Sleez, we schlepped them both in, and the babies. As much as we loved Disney theme parks , were were all too happy to leave, ourselves. Spikes are powerful, so we got through the portal without a problem, at which point we stood before Master Blaster's floating throne with our unconscious trophies. The first thing out of the guy's mouth was, \" Not her again! \" as he shook a fat finger at Miley. Trying not to look nervous, I just smiled. \"Whatever do you mean?\" But Misty said, \"Here's the circus performer you requested.\" Master Blaster knitted his brows together. \" Circus performer! She couldn't perform her way out of a cardboard box! The only performance she knows how to do is on her back!\" \"She is the Amazing Tool Licker,\" I said. \"Precisely. Did I say `on her back'? I meant `on her knees!'\" Well, I suppose everyone has had their turn...I'm assuming , right? \"Have you seen her lick a skill saw?\" I said. This made him stop and rub his chin. And then he looked down. \"Is that Kurt Russell?\" I shrugged. \" It might be. \" Master Blaster clapped his hands eagerly. \"Oh excellent! Excellent! You know, the man's a little escape artist . I had so much trouble keeping him imprisoned last time. Wonderful, wonderful!\" He summoned Fat Cat to bind the two captives, then grimaced when he noticed the crowd of little flesh creatures. \"And what are those things?\" \" Those ,\" I said. \"Those are not things . They are my babies. \" He stared at them for a few moments, floating around in his chair. \"I think I should like to have one of these. But only one. Would you allow me this honor?\" I stared at him like he were crazy. But then, after thinking about it a moment, I decided I had too many, and Master Blaster would make a good adopted father, having three babysitters on staff and everything, so I let him have his pick. He picked a cat girl. Judging by his choice in servants, I suppose that's not really a surprise. He probably subscribes to Cat Fancy . Come to think of it, you couldn't have made a better match. I glanced at my baby in the harness, then frowned at Chad. \"Honey, I don't think our little Isosceles should go through any more traumatic experiences like that. You think you'd be okay with staying here and just babysitting him for awhile?\" \"Passion flower,\" he stammered. \"I...I would prefer to travel with you , and see new things.. .\" \" Chad, \" Misty said. \"Wouldn't you much rather stay home and play with your dolls?\" \"I...\" He frowned. \" But... \" \"Don't you like the idea of being a home maker?\" He nodded with enthusiasm. \"Well then.\" \"Hey!\" I cleared my throat. \"I really do need you to take these babies back to Misty's home for me. Can you do that, sweetie?\" \"What about you? \"Won't you be in danger?\" \"I'll manage. I've got Misty and Sleez with me. Just put on your leotards and show the babies your doll collection, or something.\" \"Are you going to a real winery?\" Chad asked. I shrugged. \"I believe so. Why?\" \"Lovely snap dragon, I have never been to a real winery before, or tasted real wine . May I please go?\" \"But who will take care of the babies?\" Misty whispered something to her butler. \"Mmyes,\" Sleez replied. \"Sleezington will take care of it, won't you, Sleez?\" \"Gladly, O Sexy Mistress of Darkness.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Sleez, what did I tell you about pet talk?\" \"You enjoy it ,\" he answered. She blushed, waving for him to get to work. \"If you please, Sleezington.\" \"Mmmyes. This will be lovely practice. \" He quickly loaded the babies into large jukebox bubbles, one by one. He tried to take the one Chad carried, but when he got near, I waved him away. \"That's okay. We're good. \" \"Now...\" Master Blaster said. \"The next Spike is located in a place called Ghermanntown...\" He pointed to another mirror. \"Ghermanntown?\" I said. \" ...Winery? And why does that sound familiar?\" Misty stared at the screen. \"Do you know something about Ghermanntown Cellars?\" I smirked. \"I've had a few bottles...\" We walked to the mirror he'd indicated. On the other side, I could see a dimly lit basement containing silver beer kegs, chairs, and a wine rack. Boxes contained wine, dish detergent, and toilet paper. A pool table with a tarp over it stood in the corner. We climbed through the glass into... Viktor's Bierhausen. That's what all the menus said when we went upstairs. The place looked like an IHOP with a bar...and German things on the walls. The owner's family crest, a German flag, maps and photos of locations like the Rhineland and Berlin, Dutch windmills, and Normandy as an actual beach. If Viktor's always did such light business, the place should be renamed the Poorhausen . I saw only one couple eating there. The air was thick with bread and burnt bratwurst, cookies and... tacos . I guess they were trying to branch out. A gnarled old man, who indeed appeared to be German, caught us as we were coming through the hallway. He rubbed his eyes, turned around, darted back into the kitchen. We hurried outside. Ghermanntown was a little north of Saint Louis, and, being almost an island, you ordinarily reached it by means of bridges. I'd visited the place once on Oktoberfest. Cute. Very cute, but hilly. The hills compared to that of San Francisco. You'd have to be crazy to go skateboarding on them. At present, not nearly as exciting as it had been during October. So maybe I've visited the place a few times. It's on the way to an independent design firm in Kansas City...before other firms pushed them out of business. A boy skateboarded down to a gas station on the bottom of the hill. Kookoo! If he lived there, I kinda felt sorry for him. His big career choices would be either working at the winery, working at said gas station, or some touristy place like Viktors. Small town, not many other types of businesses. The people I met in the gas stations said they wanted to move out so they could find better work. If you want the internet, you have the choice of dial-up, or dial-up, but they have four kinds of car companies to buy from. Misty glanced at a cemetery at the top of one of the steep hills, then stared at her screen. \"We need to be at Ghermanntown Cellars, which is...\" Rolling my eyes, I just pointed to the top of the opposite hill, to the tiny gray building surrounded by all the trellises with the green vines. \"Would it be there , perhaps?\" The whole town is basically a big suburb, a lot of cozy little split level houses, occupied by old people and maybe a couple yuppies having a midlife crisis (I believe this is the case with the newer bead and breakfast). The more run down buildings lay at the bottom of all the hills, but it's not exactly a ghetto. If you want a ghetto, you'd have go go across some railroad tracks. We climbed a steep hill, winding our way up roads framed by bushy trees and little houses. When I barged ahead, Misty asked me if I knew where I was going. I told her the winery stands on the highest point in the town, so you only have to keep going up to find the place. Sure enough, we soon reached a large vineyard, and a park with picnic tables. There it stood. A long brick structure with large windows in front, and none in the back that I could see. Yuppie tourists stood and chatted on the lawn, more or less about us when we passed by, because there wasn't that much to talk about out in the sticks. They must have gotten some phones from out of town, because they were Snapchatting me and posting stuff on Facebook, I believe. Well, if this cel phone dead zone actually allowed it... Tired of being gawked at, we hurried through the front door. The place was old . It looked pretty much the way it looked the last time I came there. Even the giant wooden cask that faced us when we came in. The empty podium next to a giant wooden cask bore a sign saying something about the next winery tour being at four P.M. It didn't say whether they were at lunch or doing a tour, but the only thing keeping me from taking my own was a rope and a grumpy looking yuppie in a suit. Misty made short work of him with her icer, and we ran through an alley made of stacked antique casks, down a staircase, into the winery proper. We passed through a miniature museum, displaying the racks they once used to harvest mushrooms in, and other antiquated winery equipment, then pushed past a brunette woman in a suit as she explained how they had big shiny silver mixing drums instead of guys stomping grapes barefoot outside. You know, I never figured that one out. If you discover foot fungus in your wine, is it free? Not important. We kept going, rushing down a roped off area with an employees only sign. \"Ma'am!\" the tour guide shouted. \"Ma'am!\" But we were already running between a pair of shiny air tight vats, and down a brick corridor. That's when I saw the weird World War II photographs, and a swastika flag. \"Um...Misty?\" I stammered as I gawked at a photograph of German kids jumping around at Der Fuhrer's potato sack race \"This place looks a little suspicious. Ate you sure this is where the Spike is suppose to be?\" She glanced at her computer. \"This is the place!\" A few seconds later, I saw a group of Brown Shirts coming down the hall. Not what I expected. On one side stood an old man in an S.S. uniform... with a walker . On the other, a fatter man, also in Nazi costume, with a power chair. A third looked almost like a worthy opponent, but he had no teeth, and carried a portable oxygen concentrator, with plastic tubing in his nostrils. Before I could laugh and push them over, I noticed a glowing figure stepping out from behind them. A short figure with a toupee and a toothbrush mustache. \"Ah good,\" he said with a thick Bavarian accent. \"You have brought me the other Spike of Power! Deutscheland shall at last be restored to its former glory!\" The aged Brown Shirts commenced a chorus of \"Sieg heil\". ...Then broke into a coughing fit.[Chapter 67] DREW [0000] I hurried out of my apartment, checking to see what Sneezer was talking about. Cupcake almost came outside in her underwear but I told her not to. Sure enough, entire checkbooks and deposit slips had been stapled all over nearby telephone poles, complete with forged signature. Worse, many had already been removed, leaving tell-tale stubs of ripped paper, some identity thief already on their way to buying who knows what, with my money . The bank, of course, was closed for the day. You could still call to change the bank account number to protect against fraud, but that required a phone . I mentioned this problem to Cupcake. \"I wish I could borrow one from somebody...\" \"How about I go inside and knock on people's doors?\" Sneezer asked. He still looked human. I stared at him for a moment. \"Would you?\" He nodded, darting through the entrance. The queen bird leaned against the glass window next to the front door. Her reflection looked strangely lizard-like, but she was already black, with horns, so I wasn't really that surprised. What did surprise me was how she suddenly reached down into her underwear, pulling out a sort of gold trident with rounded points, affixing it to a jeweled bird ornament she had tucked in her top, then pulled a long staff out of her throat like a sword swallower, screwing it into the ornament. I wondered why I hadn't felt any o those items when she was getting all friendly and rubbing her breasts and crotch against me, but I guessed her clothing still possessed elements of Hammerspace. \"And what will you be doing with that ?\" I asked. A little black girl in overalls, with cornrowed hair braided in little beads drew pictures with chalk on a nearby section of sidewalk. Cupcake pointed the staff at her, mumbled something, and the child got enveloped by bright glowing light. A second later, the girl became a little red cartoon bird with braided hair hopping and chirping on the pavement. The bird examined its wings, chirped merrily, and flew to the rooftop. I stared at the queen in horror. \"Cupcake! How could you! That was a little girl !\" Cupcake shrugged. \"Drew. I didn't hurt her. I just made her into a bird. \" The red bird flew down, alighting on my shoulder. It chirped and nuzzled against me, seemingly without a care in the world. \"See?\" Cupcake said. \"She looks happy, don't you think?\" I furrowed my brow in dismay. \"I... I guess. \" \"From what I've seen of this area, this is a place for the financially struggling. If you could choose between a life of poverty and being a cartoon bird, which would you pick?\" I sighed. \"Yeah, but what about her family?\" \"I'm sure we'll get to that eventually...\" Cupcake pressed me against the door frame. \"Where were we...\" She kissed me passionately. \"Did someone need to borrow a phone?\" I looked up and saw a big fat woman in a polka dotted dress. The orange cat sidled out around her swollen calves. Her name was Bertha Featherstone. I knew this only because we got our mail mixed up a few times. She was a nice enough neighbor. We never really talked that much, but we weren't enemies or anything. Sneezer had brought her outside. \"Yes,\" I blurted. \"I'm sorry for the inconvenience, but someone's trying to do bank account fraud with my checking account.\" The woman shook her head, making tsk sounds. \"It seems like everyone's having problems these days. Why, only last month someone hacked into mine...\" She frowned, stared down the sidewalk. \"Sissy! Sissy! Where did you go!\" She frowned at me. \"Have you seen my daughter? Little thing with braided hair and overalls?\" \"Uh, no,\" I stammered. What was I going to say, yes, we turned her into a bird? \"I'm here, mama,\" chirped the red bird. \"Sissy!\" Bertha cried, apparently not seeing my little animated companion. \"Where are you!\" \"I'm here, mama!\" the little bird cried. \"Sissy!\" \"Mama!\" The scene would have played on like a Twilight Zone episode, except at that moment, Cupcake grew impatient, blasting Bertha with the staff. And then there were two birds, a little red bird and a big fat cartoon chicken in a polka dot dress. The two hugged each other and chirped happily. \"How's that for family?\" Cupcake said. I was too shocked to reply. She smiled. \"Gotta love a happy ending.\" I frowned. \"I'm not sure that's what this is.\" Ignoring this comment, Cupcake twirled her staff, planting it on the ground. \"You know, this also doubles a sex toy.\" She clicked a button on the side of the trident, and it vibrated. Sneezer raised an eyebrow. I cringed. \"A shame we had to get interrupted,\" she said. \"I was hoping to surprise you. It could have made our lovemaking interesting. \" \" Tragic ,\" I muttered facetiously. The cartoon chicken handed me her phone like everything was still normal. \"Um, thank you, Bertha,\" I said. I called the bank, and did manage to change the account number. It would have to do until the following day. \"There!\" Cupcake said with an air of triumph. \"Everything's finally getting back to its proper order. What do you think? Are we happy now? Ready to...go back to our love nest ?\" I still felt unsettled. \"Not quite.\" Sighing heavily, she placed a hand on my shoulder and said, \" Drew. We'll take care of your bank account tomorrow .\" \"That's not what I'm worried about. Can you please change these people back to normal?\" \"They're better off this way.\" \"No. They're not.\" She glared at me. \"Drew. I'm your boss, your queen and your lover. Don't piss me off.\" \"What, or you'll go away?\" \" C'mon, Drew, \" she said, pressing me against the door frame again. \" I see how you look at me... \" We kissed. \"What happened to you in that Shadow Realm?\" I asked. She grinned. \"I already told you.\" \"You're different . I thought I liked that, but now it seems you're a little too different. \" \"Drew,\" she said. \" I spent ten years in the Shadow Realm . It's not like I'm some sort of demonic impersonator from the region of Kral or anything.\" I stared at her in suspicion. \"The what?\" But then I realized comic books always tend to go in that sort of direction. \"Never mind.\" She unscrewed the trident from the rod, slipping it back into her panties. \"Let's go back downstairs. I think we'll both be in for a very interesting time.\" \"Excuse me,\" cried a strange voice. I looked around for a moment before noticing an incredibly short figure clad in a hat, a scarf and a rumpled coat. I frowned at him. \"Uh...hello?\" \"Are you Drew Deebes?\" the stranger asked. \"No,\" Cupcake said. \"He's the Bird King.\" \"I might be Drew Deebes,\" I blurted. \"Who wants to know?\" The little person lifted their hat and I saw a bald peach colored cartoon guy with Coke bottle glasses and a round nose. Sneezer gasped. \" It's Professor Whiskers! \" The little guy nodded. \"I need your help, Drew. The lives of everyone in the real world could very well be in danger.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Is this real danger we're talking about? Or are we talking about rescuing little birdies from a sweat shop?\" Cupcake scowled at me, putting her hands on her hips. \"Oh, the danger is real , all right,\" Whiskers said. \"I only wish that it wasn't.\" \"Does it have anything to do with Disneyland?\" \"Mr. Deebes,\" Whiskers said. \"In a matter of hours, what happened in Disneyland will look like... Disneyland , in comparison.\" I furrowed my brow in puzzlement. \"I'm not sure I follow.\" \"Two Spikes have already been removed from their rightful place. You have to stop that woman from taking any more! The power will weaken the stability of both universes, ending life as we know it forever!\" \"That sounds dangerous,\" I deadpanned, not quite taking him seriously. Whiskers turned red, narrowing his eyes at me. \"Are you going to help me, or are you going to mock?\" \"I don't know. I'm leaning toward the mocking right now. What could be worse than smashing a bunch of tourists with Spaceship Earth?\" \"Mr. Deebes, Have you heard anything about Ghermanntown?\" I gave him a blank look. \"Is that part of the theme park?\"[Chapter 68] Jessica 0000000000 Senior citizen Nazis. Easy, right? Just shove them down, grab the Spike, and be on your way. That was the theory. The problem was the Fuhrer. That, and his army of animated Nazi-esque Lion King hyenas that growled behind him. None of these were Whoopi Goldberg. Half of them had on brown shirts and walked on two legs. \"Uh, hi, Mr. H,\" I said diplomatically. \" You're looking well! Tell me, were you originally a doodle, or did someone stab you with a Spike like Walt Disney?\" \"I am myself,\" he said. \"My surgeons did a fine job faking my suicide. Disney is a fool. You do not need to kill yourself to harness the Spike's power. I merely channeled its energy to preserve my youth and create an army. Already we come very close to amassing enough power to vaporize your `Pentagon' and establish Fourth Reichstag.\" \"Can I ask you something, Hitty? Why Ghermanntown? Why this quaint little wine town in the middle of nowhere?\" Hitler shrugged. \"I enjoy the taste of wine, and the town reminds me of golden times in Deutschland. Plus wine helps cover my overhead.\" \"Are you really an alien named Mizo?\" Hitler screwed up his face. \"Vas?\" I shrugged. \"It was something they said in The Tommorow People . Never mind.\" He pulled out a dangerous looking real burp gun. I'm not talking about some cutesy cartoon weapon, I'm talking about grandpa's version of the machine gun, with the little canister. \"Now. You will give me the Spike you carry, or you will die.\" Misty tried to shoot him, but Adolf fired first, leaving my friend screaming and clutching her wrist as ink poured onto the floor. \"I have been observing you ever since you arrived at Viktors,\" he said. \"I know your weaknesses, and I know you have something that belongs to me. I could kill you right now, but I am a benevolent Fuhrer. Hand the Spike over, and I will allow you and your friends to live.\" \"No deal,\" I said. \"As much as I enjoy being a villainess, I draw the line at joining the Aryan Nation.\" He pointed the gun at my boyfriend. \"This is not a negotiation. You have something I want, and you will give it to me. Cooperate and you shall have a long and prosperous life. Disobey, and you shall die.\" I should have kept the Spike in my bikini. It would have been safer. \"I...don't know where it is,\" I lied. Hitler waved his gun to his hyenas, and we were surrounded. Our weapons got confiscated, the Spike was stolen, and a group of armed guards put us in handcuffs, forcing us to march further into the complex. At the sight of all this evil, my baby started crying immediately. Chad bounced him and tried to calm him down, but it didn't work. He stopped in the middle of the tunnel. \"Isosceles is upset,\" he said. \"I'm going to take him upstairs.\" Hitler and two of his hyenas pointed guns at him. \"I wouldn't do that if I were you.\" \"Isosceles needs to be changed,\" he insisted. \"I saw a changing station upstairs.\" Hitler shook his head irritably. \"Schpline, schpline! Leave us! Take care of your doodoo !\" He waved Chad away. \"Make sure he actually changes the baby\" he whispered loudly to the guy with the walker. As Chad left with him, I reflected that this departure had more to do with Isosceles making a mess than an actual rescue plan. We passed through a room were people in hair nets inspected grapes, a lab where old guys tried to develop more interesting ways to get drunk, and a room where a couple younger guys performed the dangerous operation of spraying out and cleaning the vacuum sealed fermentation vats. \"Once we have Washington,\" Hitler said, \"I shall change the label to the symbol of the Reich. No more disguising our affiliations.\" \"Good luck getting a kosher seal on that,\" I said. Hitler gave me a blank look. \"Vas? What seal?\" \"Uh...kosher?\" \"Is...this like a Bordeaux?\" I laughed. \"He asks if we make wines for the Juden ,\" said the old brown shirt with the oxygen tank. \"Nien,\" Hitler said. But then he paused. \"Okay, maybe one case. That is all.\" I stared at him in shock. \"Because...you...poisoned it or something...right?\" Hitler narrowed his eyes, thinking about it. \"Poison...\" He rubbed his chin. \"Yes... poison . That is brilliant!\" I grinned. \"So you didn't poison it.\" \"Rabbi Kravitz is a very good customer of ours,\" wheezed the fat Nazi in the power chair. \"He also buys a lot of pork sausage from the meat shop.\" \"We should put poison in his wine,\" Hitler said. \"He has done very good business for us,\" the fat guy insisted. \" Fine. We will destroy the Pentagon, then send him poisoned wine. But for right now, we shall punish him for belonging to an inferior race by providing him terrible customer service.\" \"Begging your pardon, Fuhrer, but by providing terrible customer service, we could potentially lose money.\" Hitler frowned. \"I must think about this.\" He opened a security door, leading us into a giant cave. It looked like a military base built by Batman, except everything had swastikas on it. Rows of cartoon tanks, G.I. Joe style armored carriers, helicopters, jets, and combination vehicles. Somehow, they had managed to acquire one real tank, a real Jeep, and a Howitzer, but all the other weaponry was ink and paint. Along one wall, a machine steadily maintained a portal the size of a car, allowing a group of soldiers to carry more weapons in. At the end of this chamber, we took a monorail to another cave, probably beneath the cemetery across town. The entire place was one big control room, with a massive glowing map of various targets around the United States, and rows of computers manned by generic Nazi types from various cartoons. In the center of this chamber, monitored by GI Joe 's iron headed Destro and the darkly attired Baroness, stood a giant science fictiony laser cannon. On the side facing me, I could see the Spike they were using for power. A socket slightly above this Spike was empty, awaiting its companion. Cords ran from the machine to a series of large electrical transformers. The guy clearly knew how to milk power for all it's worth, but any history textbook will tell you that. \"Um, not meaning to critique your brilliant manipulation of magical power,\" I said. \"But if you really want D.C., why not just unplug all the cords and transformers and just direct all the power to your weapon? I mean, as much as I don't want this country under Nazi rule, I can't help but think that you are somewhat lacking in the planning department.\" Hitler backhanded me across the face. \"Do not presume to tell your Fuhrer what to do!\" But then, to Destro, he said, \"Unplug the cables.\" He took our Spike out of Misty's device, handing it to the Baroness. \"Attach this to the machine at once. We will aim it at the Pentagon immediately.\" The Baroness took it, giving him the Nazi salute. \"Sieg heil.\" A guy with a serpent headdress, Serpentor, I believe, pushed a button on the wall, and the ceiling started opening up. You know how I said it was `probably' under the cemetery? It was under it. The moment the roof opened, in came a shower of dirt, caskets, suit wearing cadavers, and granite monuments. An aquarium full of sharks got smashed to bits, and so did several computers and a laser etched glass statue of the Nazi bird. That did not stop the Fuhrer's mad plan. The moment the roof was open, I saw the gun rising off the floor on a tall hydraulic lift. The Baroness had already installed the second Spike, so it was all ready to go. \"Are we going to conquer the world?\" Misty asked. \"No,\" I said. \"We're just going to make the world suck a lot more.\"[Chapter 69] DREW Okay, so, not cool that Cupcake was turning people in to birds. But I also knew that there wasn't much I could do about it, which is why I hadn't really pressed the issue or fought her about it. If she wasn't going to do anything about it, how was I to reverse their transformations? Also, I didn't know my neighbors very well to begin with. People were always moving out, so I generally didn't get too concerned about what happened in the other units anyway. But now I had someone with me, someone who apparently cared about the real world, so I decided to brave the subject. \"Uh, Mr. Whiskers...\" \"It's Professor Whiskers, if you're being formal.\" \"Right. Professor ...Do you...notice anything...unusual around here?\" He frowned. \"Your...friends...do not appear to be what they seem.\" \"You got that right,\" I said. \"Notice anything else?\" \"I, uh, no?\" \"Let me just spell it out for you,\" I said. \"A couple of my neighbors have been transformed into doodles. My demonic friend here thinks that's fine, but I don't. Do you know any way I can fix the problem?\" Whiskers rubbed his chin and thought for a moment. \"Where are they?\" I knocked on Bertha's door, and the two doodle-fied humans answered. Whiskers took one look at them, pulled out a laser gun looking thing, and blasted them. I thought they'd be history, but a second later, I saw a pair of real people collapsed on the floor. Understandably, they got scared and hurried into their apartment. \"They'll be fine.\" He turned a knob on his gun, pointing it at Cupcake. \"I have half a mind to vaporize you. With all the suspicious activity going on around here, we don't need doodles pulling unwanted transformations.\" He glanced at me, awaiting my approval. \"Uh, let's not kill her yet. She's kinda my boss, she likes me, and she's cute.\" Whiskers frowned. \"As you wish. I only hope it won't lead to a disaster like your father's girlfriend did.\" I furrowed my brow, but decided not to mention Amanda. Cupcake looked a little irritated about her plans being thwarted, but her annoyance seemed to be directed at Whiskers. She still gave me the eyes. Maybe there was a little genuine love keeping her from going full villain mode. The professor cleared his throat. \"Now that our little bird problem has been cleared up, let's get down to business. Two Spikes have been stolen from their rightful place...\" \"So what do you want me to do? Drive down to little Germany and kick some butt?\" He gave me this look like he might. \"To me, that's doing a little too much. I'm not a superhero, I'm just an average guy who has the misfortune to have a freak for a father.\" \"Actually, I have a much simpler task in mind,\" the little guy said. \"I want you to go to a specific address, and make sure the Spike doesn't get stolen.\" \"Oh no,\" I said, raising my hands in protest. \"No. No. Unh-uh. I'm not setting foot around that prison, or that hotel. I'd rather not get into trouble deeper than I already am.\" \"Actually, I have a feeling their next target is going to be a house .\" \"Oh lovely,\" I muttered. \"As if I had enough problems with Romeo in there...\" I sighed. \"So my dad's old place, right?\" Whiskers nodded. \"I guess... I really wasn't doing anything anyway... \" Cupcake cleared her throat, but that only underscored my point. \"Yeah. I'm not busy. \" \"He was only having sex!\" Sneezer said. I pretended he didn't say that. I let everyone in my car (including Cupcake), started the engine, pulled into reverse. A second later, I heard a series of loud pops, and we were `lowered to the ground', literally. Using all kinds of cuss words, I jumped out, examining my tires. I saw nothing but lumpy rubber on rusted rims. As I examined each tire, I noticed shiny wooden objects descending from the wheel wells like spiders, retracting little knife blades into their bodies as they blinked their ruby eyes at me. I tried to catch one, but a blade popped out and slashed at my hand. They scampered away into the field across the street. \"I'm afraid the world will just have to end. I only got one spare, and it's a donut. I'd suggest we hitch a ride on demon bird here, but she's kind of sketchy , if you know what I mean, and I'm not sure she wants to carry the added weight.\" \"I have a much better idea...\" Whiskers took out a sketch pad. \"I once knew a bubble turret gunner during World War II who swears he saved everyone on his bomber by drawing a pair of cartoon landing gears. You see, the plane was damaged, so the gears refused to extend. They would have died, if not for the cartoonist on board. I did some research, and his plane was involved in the Spike tests.\" \"Spike tests? So the thing about it being part of an experimental weapon is actually factual?\" \"Yes.\" He handed me a sketchbook and a pencil. \"You got the wrong guy. You want my dad.\" \"Are you saying you can't draw a circle?\" \"Why don't you draw a circle? I don't see the point.\" \"Mr. Deebes, I merely want to see a demonstration of talent.\" \" Lack of talent ,\" I corrected. \"I want to see that for myself. Draw me a tire.\" Just to humor him, I drew a donut, adding a valve stem and writing Goodyear along the rim for verisimilitude. The drawing swelled larger and larger, expanding out of the paper. It nearly fell out of my hands and rolled down the street before I grabbed hold of it again. Naturally, I had to use the tire jack and remove the flat tires to put on these rather suspicious looking ones. Whiskers suggested I also draw a tire jack, but I thought that would be taking this a little too far. I drew three more tires, embellishing them with patches and candy sprinkles and a crude imitation of the Michelin Man as a joke. The tires actually worked. They suspended the car, even withstood me kicking them. \"I still think this is a bad idea. But it seems to be working...\" We got back in the car, and drove a few blocks. The car crashed down on the pavement in front of a janitorial supply company and an abandoned Blockbuster. I looked out the window. \"The tires are gone.\" \"Try singing a song,\" said Cupcake. Rolling my eyes, turned on my CD player and sang along to Mystery Walk by Omar and the Howlers. At first, it did nothing, but then, a couple minutes into the song, the car rose up off the pavement. The drive got even smoother as we went through the rest of my mix CD, especially Abba's Eagle's Serenade , you know, because of my passenger. In fact, my car actually grew feathers, as did the tires, which should have screwed up the traction, but didn't. We arrived at dad's old place a couple minutes later. Of course, the car collapsed on the driveway the moment I turned off the car. I really didn't want to knock on the door, but Whiskers did, several times. Cupcake assembled her magical staff. \"The pot's not mine!\" a muffled voice yelled from behind the door. \"I don't know how it got in the car! I swear!\" \"That's what you get for knocking like a policeman,\" I muttered. Greg must have looked through the window or something, for then the door cracked open, I found myself being yelled at. \"I thought I told you not to come back here!\" Cupcake turned him into a woodpecker. \"Stop that!\" I cried. Whiskers changed the guy back to normal. \"Our apologies, sir. We're trying to save the world.\" Greg just gawked at us, struggling to find an adequate response. Whiskers took out a little computer, following a glowing diagram to the back of the building. It wasn't a big basement, and there was junk all over the place, broken bicycles, boxes of old clothing, broken guitars, picture frames, used art supplies, vinyl LP's that would have been valuable, had they not been in such poor condition, and a collection of Dane's art in a variety of media. Whiskers led us across the concrete floor. He stopped in the middle. \"Aha! There it is! Still secure in its hiding place!\" He pulled out a pair of chairs that looked like discards from a bar. \"Now we wait.\" We just sat there, staring at each other. I'd say this was pretty much a wasted day, from the moment I left Cool World to now, and it wasn't getting any less pointless. Cupcake sat down in my lap, rubbing her body against me. Sneezer, in the meantime, just sat in his chair, giving me this look like he were expecting me to turn into the rat at any moment. \"So, uh, Whiskers,\" I said. \"Did you draw all that weird shit all over that hotel room? The cat eating the mouse, the juggler and all that?\" The professor frowned. \"I... may have. That room was supposed to be sealed.\" \"So you made the spikes, and Cool World.\" \"It was an experiment, with unforeseen consequences. I believe Cool World existed long before my tests, but our worlds weren't in communication until we detonated the experimental weapon.\" \"Can any of this be reversed? Like the spikes, for example?\" \"Not without destroying everyone and everything in Cool World, including your sister.\" He dug an abstract painting out of a box, staring at it absently. \"I'm over one hundred years old. The spikes are the only thing keeping me alive and healthy. You can understand why I would be hesitant to end this.\" \"So how are we supposed to stop these things if we can't reverse their power?\" \"I believe returning them to where they belong is a step in the right direction.\" \"But what happens if someone else comes along and removes them again?\" \"I have been studying this matter for decades, but it is difficult without an actual Spike to examine.\" \"Perhaps this will help.\" Cupcake spun her staff upside down, slamming the tines into the concrete. A crack appeared in the floor around it, spreading out, expanding into dozens of spiderweb cracks. \"What are you doing!\" Whiskers cried in alarm. Cupcake picked up a shovel, tossing aside pieces of concrete. \"What does it look like?\" \"No!\" Whiskers cried. \"The Spike must remain where it is!\" Cupcake picked up the trident, pointing it at his head. \"I'm sorry, professor. I'm going to have to disagree with you on that.\" The staff flashed, transforming Whiskers into a tiny green bird with glasses, flittering around the room in a state of nervous agitation. Sneezer made no protest, but I certainly had one of my own. \"Hey!\" I shouted. Cupcake aimed her staff at me. \"My king. Although I love to admire your handsome physique, I must warn you that if you impede my mission in any way, I'll shrink you to the size of a golf ball.\" I froze, and for a few moments, I just anxiously stood and watched her toss aside chunks of concrete, uncovering a glowing head piece. Trembling with excitement, the bird creature knelt down, placed her paws on the object, and her whole body exploded in glowing light. When my eyes focused, she wasn't a bird at all, but a green demonic serpent creature, similar to a dragon. Still in the same costume. Still kind of cute. \"You're not Cupcake at all, are you?\" I said. The reptile grinned. \"I was wondering how long it would take for you to notice! But I did spend several days studying her mannerisms and behavior patterns. \"At first, I really didn't get what was so appealing or sexy about you, but after a few memory probes, I found the motivation.\" She let out a happy sigh, like she were relieved at finally getting all that off her chest. \"So...you really are a clone from...whatever it is.\" \"Kral,\" she corrected. I shook my head. \"You know, I used to think that diapers were a turn off, but I think your lying is far worse.\" Instead of getting offended or ashamed or something, she only asked, \"So you do like diapers.\" \"I knew it!\" Sneezer said. \"It sounds like we're going to have lots of fun back at the royal nest!\" The reptile picked at the Spike with the shovel, trying to pull it out of the ground. I picked up the handlebars of a bicycle, just the handlebars, brandishing them like a bat. \"I'm sorry, Cupcake, or whoever you are. I can't let you take the Spike.\" She turned the trident on me. \"I'm taking the Spike and that's final.\" I didn't reply, I just marched closer, waving the handlebars threateningly. \"You don't want to do that, Drew. You really don't. I have a magic staff . What do you have? A piece of bent aluminum?\" I charged at her, swinging it at her head. In one quick motion, she knocked the handlebars out of my hand with the staff, and then the trident was pointing in my face. \"Hey! That's my rat girl!\" Sneezer shouted. I looked up just in time to see a distressed copy of Harry Winkler's debut album knocking the evil clone in the side of the head like a Frisbee. Seizing my chance, I grabbed the staff. The clone whipped it out of my hand before I could do anything. I saw a flash, then my body shank smaller and smaller and smaller. A large green hand grabbed me, and I found myself being shoved into my enemy's cleavage. She got Sneezer a second later. I could only watch helplessly, from her bra, as she yanked the Spike out of the floor, causing a stream of black ooze to come gushing out of the ground. With Spike in hand, she marched upstairs, to destroy the world.[Chapter 70] Jessica 0000 The weapon would destroy the Pentagon, maybe the whole of D.C. in the process. I jumped out of the way just seconds before a heavy aluminum coffin dropped on my head, inadvertently colliding with some Nazi or another, probably from Johnny Quest or James Bond Junior , judging by the comic book style of design. As I lay on top of him on the floor, I thought about Chad for a moment, specifically how it would be funny if I reached out of my handcuffs and stole this guy's gun. I actually succeeded in the theft, but it's kind of hard to shoot with your hands stuck behind your back. I tried to figure out a way to joke the gun out long enough to shoot someone, but the gun got stuck in the cuff, and then I turned real, so my hand wouldn't go anywhere. \"Come closer!\" Misty hissed to me. \"I have a plan.\" And so I did. \"Press your gun against my handcuffs.\" \"That sounds dangerous.\" \"I'm animated, and that's a cartoon gun. It'll be fine.\" I pressed the muzzle against her cuffs and fired. Instead of doing what a gun was supposed to do in real life, under real physics, the real cuffs actually shattered, causing no harm to her. Rubbing her wrists, she rushed to the death ray, climbing the side of the hydraulic lift. The Nazis opened fire, but she only dodged out of the way and kept climbing. Attempting to give aid, I darted around the weapon, ramming my body into Red Skull henchmen, football style, firing random shots at Nazis the best I could with my hands behind my back, occasionally punching people when it was funny to do so. When they fired at me, I dove behind a casket. My actions served to divide the enemy's attention long enough for Misty to reach the top of the machine, and work on removing the spikes. Sadly, this was when Chad chose to make his entrance. \"I have cleaned the baby.\" He looked up in surprise. \"Misty? What are you doing up there?\" \"Get out of here, fool!\" she shouted. I made myself think cartoony thoughts, bowling him onto the floor before anyone could shoot him, back first so as to not harm the baby. Chad grabbed my gun, shooting my cuffs apart. Misty had now successfully removed the Spikes from the weapon, shoving them into slots on the sides of her bikini. Her body glowed white, and I saw it growing larger and larger. Now, instead of looking human, Misty kind of looked like that giant thing from the movie Aliens , except with a pink party dress. The Nazis fired, but their bullets bounced off. She roared, slashing the laser, causing the nose to come crashing to the ground But then someone got the bright idea to shoot her with real bullets. Misty screamed and fell off the laser cannon, bleeding ink as she shrieked and writhed on the ground. \"Misty! No!\" I cried, leaping to my feet. Hitler leaned over her body. \"I should have killed you back in Berlin!\" I ran through the crowd of soldiers, blasting everyone that got in my way, until I at last reached my friend's side. Chad covered me with a Luger he found on an unconscious Nazi, shooting anyone that aimed at me. Hitler ran away. My friend was dying, dripping blood and ink everywhere. \"Come closer,\" she gasped. I did, but it apparently wasn't close enough. \"Closer. I placed my ear to her, thinking she had something super secret to tell me. \"I'm giving you my power,\" she said. \"Kiss me.\" \"Misty, we're close, but we're not that close.\" \"Please, Jessica. This is important. Kiss me. We don't have much time.\" Okay, so it's a dying woman's wishes, so I humored her. At first, she was just making out, and I felt really awkward and embarrassed about the whole thing. Well, except for the fact the Nazis liked the show too much to shoot us. But then I felt a large oozing object squishing through my mouth and down my throat. I couldn't breathe. My arms flailed around in desperate attempts to escape, but the thing was already in. Tentacles shot out of her body, slipping the Spikes into my bikini. I swallowed... whatever it was , and discovered I didn't need to breathe. Maybe I had become completely animated or something. My body had suddenly grew plates like Misty had. I hopped to my feet, spun around to face my attackers, kicked some ass. Like some comic book character, I flipped around the room, shot people with their own guns, quite a few of them with the real kind hat actually killed doodles. When I landed from another flip and paused on a pile of bodies, I admired my strangely modified body, caressing my leg plates. \"Huh. I could get used to this. \" That's when I noticed Hitler pointing a real gun at my boyfriend's head.[Chapter 71] Drew 000 Evil Cupcake turned Dane's boyfriend back into a bird, marching out the front door. From there she strolled up the sidewalk, waving her trident and singing that Feed the Birds song from Mary Poppins , the points of her weapon shooting waves of white energy through passing cars and pedestrians, causing wrecks as drivers fluttered out car windows or flapped against the glass. \"Feed the birds...Tuppence a bag...\" I pushed my way out from between her breasts, flying around her head. \"Cupcake, you have to stop this! It's not right!\" She frowned at me. \"And to think, I was about to turn you into a handsome muscular young birdman with a large penis.\" I swallowed. \"You were?\" I shook my head. \"You have to turn these people back to normal!\" \"Now Drew,\" she said. \"You clearly are in no position to boss me around. In fact, if you keep buzzing around my head like a pesky little insect, I shall be forced to stick you inside my panties until you roll into my intimate regions, and your whole world starts smelling like tuna.\" \"Forget it, Drew,\" I heard Whisker Bird saying as he flew beside me. \"She's not going to listen to reason. This isn't your Cupcake.\" \"Actually, she never was `my Cupcake,' and she didn't listen to reason, even when she wasn't an evil twin.\" \"That's unfortunate.\" I flew away from the bird queen clone, gesturing for him to follow. \"What do you suggest we do?\" I whispered. \"It's difficult to say. She is channeling the power of the Spike into her weapon. In these wimpy bird forms, we haven't a chance!\" \" I heard that! \" Evil Cupcake shouted. She pointed at a tree. \"You two. Carve me the image of the Planter's mascot! Now!\" All of a sudden, I lost control of my body. I was essentially a woodpecker, drilling away at a painfully solid oak tree. Already I could see the tophat forming. \"Drew...While you are mindlessly carving that monocle and that trademark nose and mouth, I want you to think about something. It doesn't have to be this way. \"By releasing C.C. Knicknocker's entire avian workforce, you singlehandedly destroyed my only competitor in the industry of wooden goods. For this you deserve my deepest thanks, and a seat as company vice president. \"I understand how you don't like the idea of being Bird King. I don't like being Bird Queen much, either. But we both like getting rich , and being big shot company executives . Am I right or am I right?\" It seemed she released me from her spell just long enough to answer the question. I whimpered yes. What else was I supposed to say? \"With this Spike,\" she said. \"I don't need to resort to cruel methods to get my birds to do my bidding. I can make them carve grandfather clocks or Michelangelo's David with just a wave of my hand. \"And you, my pet, can rule this wooden empire by my side. All you have to do is be a little more supportive , and maybe finish what we started in your apartment.\" \"You may think your methods are more humane,\" I said, \"But you're really no better than Miss Terious. You've just made the bullies and the whips invisible.\" \"Insolent pig!\" she screamed, making a stabbing gesture at the oak. My beak slammed into the bark like a jackhammer, carving out a stylized monocle. 00000000000 Jessica 000000000 I glared at Hitler as he readied the gun to fire through my boyfriend's head. Deprived of both Spikes, the man was real now, and looking very old. He still moved like a cartoon viper, but his face looked wrinkled and cracked as the dirt around my apartment. \"Let him go,\" I said. \"Nien! You give me both Spikes, and maybe I won't kill your boyfriend.\" I wished I could just whip out a Batarang or shoot him with Superman's eye lasers, or maybe have some random cameo character pop out of nowhere to save me, but it wasn't happening. I'd have to figure this one out on my own. Suddenly struck by an idea, I pointed four fingers at a spot on the ceiling. \"See that?\" Hitler stared at me. \"Vas?\" I pointed again, this time at some gear thingy that opened the ceiling. \"This?\" He nodded. \"Yah. I see it. Why?\" I pointed at the giant death ray with a vague salute. \"See that?\" He rolled his eyes. \"Yah. Vast is where you must return both Spikes.\" I pantomimed hail falling from the sky. \"See hail?\" He frowned in puzzlement, so I did it again. \"See hail?\" And then he got it. Without thinking, he raised his hand in a cheerful salute. \"Sieg heil!\" I responded by shooting his gun wielding hand. Misty's marksmanship, I suppose. \"I told you cartoons weren't good for you!\" I laughed. Hitler screamed and turned his gun on me, but as he was doing this, I actually saw my baby leap from the carrier around Chad's stomach, clawing and biting the little Bavarian in the face. Isosceles is really tenacious. I think he takes after his mother. Hitler's nose ended up looking like bloody hamburger. The man's weapon clattered to the floor. Chad quickly snatched it up. Picking up a real Smith and Wesson, I rubbed my baby between the ears. \"That's really good, honey, but now it's mommy's turn.\" I picked my boy up with one arm, stomping Hitler's neck with my high heeled boot. The aged dictator reached for a knife on his belt, but I was quicker, firing round after round into his skull. I pretty much used every bullet in the gun. Killing the most evil man in history? Not as satisfying as I had originally thought. Maybe I did it wrong, I don't know. \"Can we...go home now?\" Chad asked me. I sighed. \"I know Misty is dead, but she wanted this thing completed, and I do too, if only to see what it does.\" I paused. \"Also, I think we haven't scoured for local talent enough here. We've got to appease the Blaster.\" All of a sudden, I discovered I wasn't alone in my own head. Jessica, Misty's voice said to me. \"I need to take over your body now.\" \"What!\" I cried in alarm. \"What? No!\" \"Is there a problem?\" Chad asked. Of course he couldn't hear her. \"I'm sorry,\" Misty said. \"I didn't have time to explain this properly before, but we're sharing now. You got to use your body with my powers for awhile, and now it's my turn!\" \"No, Misty! You can't! It's my body!\" \"Jessica. I'm going to have to insist.\" A chitinous visor dropped over my eyes.[Chapter 72] Misty made me pause over Hitler's body for a moment. \"He is definitely not an alien named Mizo. He just looks like a dead person.\" We boarded the tram, speeding back to the big military base beneath the winery. \"Misty, this is a bad idea,\" I said as I watched her steer. \"In real life, defeating a big evil dictator like Hitler won't end a war. There are other generals that want to retain power, and they can be just as impossible to conquer as their commander. Take Himmler for example.\" \"Jessica,\" Misty said. \"You just killed The Baroness . I think it's safe to say we've won.\" \"I don't know. I mean, we still haven't killed Destro. \" \"That will not be necessary,\" I heard a voice say. I turned and saw a metal headed figure marching out from behind a half track. \"Although I disagree with some of your methods, I am glad to see you destroy Hitler. I always told him, `Look, man. I just want to conquer the world, I don't want to wipe out an entire race of people! What's more, you'll be eliminating a huge segment of your labor force!' But he didn't listen.\" \"Um, okay,\" I said. \"But stay out of our way. We're kind of busy.\" \"You got me interested. What's the top secret plan?\" \"If I told you, it wouldn't be a secret.\" I paused. \"All right, Misty. What now? Where's this talent we're supposed to pick up?\" \"Wait,\" she said. \"I must do something first. It'll only take a minute.\" She picked up my baby, kissing it on the mouth. \"Misty,\" I said. \"I know he's adorable, but you can't kiss my baby like that.\" She pulled away. I guess, technically, I pulled away. \"Jessica, I know you don't want me in your body. Hell, I don't want me in your body. This place is depressing, and sharing boyfriends...ugh, that's just not happening.\" I frowned. \"So you're going to transfer your consciousness into my baby.\" \"Passion flower,\" Chad said. \"You are talking to yourself.\" \"Misty isn't dead,\" I told him. \"She's in my mind, and she's trying to take over Isosceles's body.\" Chad looked genuinely puzzled. \"Why must she take the baby? The two of you in one body is much intriguing, maybe a little sexy, yes?\" \"Um, Misty disagrees,\" I said. He frowned. \"Oh.\" \"Misty, I love you, but you can't have my firstborn.\" \"How about your second?\" she said. \"Or third? You've certainly got enough to spare.\" \"Well...\" I said. \"I suppose that will be okay.\" \"Since your babies aren't here, let's get going.\" \"Do you have any orders?\" Destro asked. \"I'm used to taking orders. Things get messy when I try to conquer the world on my own.\" I nodded. \"The first step is to acknowledge that there's a problem.\" I cleared my throat. I wanted to tell the man to buy some nice shirts and slacks, because his outfit is a little tiresome to look at (in case you're wondering, I have a brother, so I know \"The D\" needs to go shopping) but other words came out. \"I need you to check on someone named Drew Deebes in Las Vegas. Make sure he's miserable, but don't beat him up or anything. He should be miserable already.\" She told him the address. Destro frowned. \"Who is this? A president or a government leader?\" I laughed. \"You're funny. It's too bad I'm not keen on the bald look.\" I glanced at Chad. \"Mostly.\" \"I am beginning to feel nauseous,\" Misty said. \"Is it okay if I regurgitate using your stomach?\" I chuckled. \"Let's go back to Cool World before I make you really sick.\" \"We still need to retrieve some local talent.\" \"So you just want me to check on a...guy,\" Destro said. I shook my head. \" Actually , put that one on the back burner for a moment. I have a list of people we, I mean, I need you to capture.\" \"Where is this list?\" he asked. I `ordered' him to show me the place where they kept Misty's weapons and other tools, then showed him the computer with all the requests. \"This is very vague,\" Destro said. \"Kidnapping is easy, but only if I have names . I'm not a contest judge.\" \"Do you happen to have any talent around here at all?\" Nodding, he opened a steel door, allowing me to look in. I saw a dark haired youth with a long nose and braids dangling from the sides of his face. He had on a tennis headband, jewelry, a sports jersey and baggy pants, looking all tough like some serious hard core criminal, except he had no tattoos. Next to him I saw his cell mate, a fat bearded guy, most probably some kind of backup musical support person. He had a red handkerchief tied around his head, a blue tank top, and baggy shorts. The fact that the tank top had Star Wars on it, and he was wearing socks with sandals didn't help matters. He was \"gangster as an Easter bonnet hat.\" \"Ben Nafisky,\" Destro said. \"He claims to be Israel's foremost gangsta rapper. Hitler wanted me to kill him, but the man makes me laugh.\" \"He'll do,\" Misty said. \"But I'd also like for you to acquire a polka musician.\" She paused. \"Check on Drew first. I think this so-called `rapper' should be adequate for the moment.\" \"Hey, mamacita!\" the rapper called. \"Let me out of this loco jail!\" I stared at him in confusion. \"I thought you were Israeli.\" \"I am! I'm a quarter Orthodox Jew, a quarter black, a quarter Mexican, a quarter Cuban, and a quarter Indian.\" I frowned. \"You've got too many quarters in there.\" He nodded. \" I know ! It's crazy, ain't it?\" Rolling my eyes, I said, \"You know, Orthodox Jewish isn't a race. It's a sect .\" \"Oh. Well, you know what I mean. \" This guy was as sketchy as the penciled in mustache on his upper lip. \"But you can rap.\" \"Can I rap!\" And then he went into a complicated tongue twisting rap that sounded suspiciously like Spanish with a few Yiddish and French words thrown in. \"All right,\" I sighed. \"Open this up.\" Destro opened the door, and I iced both him and his backup. \"They probably could have cooperated,\" Chad said. I shrugged. \"That was Misty. Besides, I don't quite care for the music.\" We carried them over to the portal, which was, even now, shrinking. \"That won't work,\" Misty said. \"The portal goes to some military base. We need to go directly back to Master Blaster's jukebox.\" \"Fine. You're the one with the ideas.\" She made me plug both spikes into the tricorder thing, and we were suddenly looking at a massive mortal that squeezed the other one out of existence. If I wanted, I could have driven a tank through Master Blaster's home. \"Nevada is a long drive from here,\" said Destro. \" Yeah . Sorry about that . But you've got cartoon helicopters and stuff. It should cut down on the commute time.\" It was obvious he was displeased. \"You know, it would be easier with the Spike.\" \"I know , but we need to put it in another device. I've seen your show. You can zip all over the world when you want to.\" \"What if I don't want to?\" \"I don't know,\" I said. \"Maybe educate people about Ghermanntown's products during wine tasting sessions?\" \"You think I'd look good with a tie?\" It was then that I began to suspect he wasn't flying to Nevada. Oh well. We carried our captives through the portal, bidding Destro farewell. Once on the other side, I discovered Master Blaster had added a glowing decoration to his chair, and his cats, and my cat baby, were wearing orange prison jumpsuits. \"Misty,\" Master Blaster said. \"Your team appears to have downsized.\" \"Actually, it's Jessica , and it's more like a reorganization.\" He frowned. \"I see. Did you at least get the Spike?\" \"Yes.\" He clapped his hands. \"Excellent! Excellent! With these three Spikes in my possession, my jukebox can at last cross over into the real world, and capture even more musical slaves!\" \"What! I thought the deal was you'd let us use your mirrors if we brought you musical slaves!\" Master Blaster narrowed his eyes. \"Surely you didn't think I was doing all of this out of the goodness of my heart! I don't do pro bono work.\" He cleared his throat. \"Now give me the Spikes.\" \"No. We worked too hard to get them. You can go screw yourself.\" \"Cats...\" Master Blaster said. All of a sudden, all three of his feline minions pulled out guns, two real ones and a cartoon one. \"Hand the Spikes over, or they'll shoot.\" I laughed. \"Find something funny, noid?\" he growled. \"No offense, but your cats don't have a very good track record, success-wise.\" \"That may be so,\" he said. \"But while you were running after those Spikes, all four of my pets have spent hours practicing their marksmanship.\" \"Four?\" I said. My cat baby pulled out a pistol, aiming it at my head.[Chapter 73] Three of my favorite cartoon cats, and my own baby, threatening me with guns. \"Jessica,\" Misty said. \"You've got to distract them.\" \"Um...\" I said. \"Blasty? Can I ask you a question?\" The fat guy nodded. \"To be fair, I'm not holding any grudges. In fact, I rather like you . I just want the Spikes! \" \" Okayy.. .\" I said. \"So what's your question?\" \"Well, there used to be this show called The Bug-A-Loos . If featured a crazy witch who lived in a giant jukebox, who kept trying to capture a group of humanoid bugs as her musical slaves. The whole thing seems oddly similar.\" Master Blaster paused for a moment, then pushed a button on his chair. An entire section of a wall slid open, revealing a giant sized picture of the witch I'd mentioned, Benita Bizarre. \" My mother ,\" he said with a proud smile. \"I inherited the jukebox from her, adding some machinery to make the place float.\" \"She was an interesting lady.\" He sighed. \"Yes she was.\" \"So who's the father?\" He opened another wall panel, showing me another big portrait. ...Of Mr. Spacely, CEO of Spacely Sprockets. \"Wow. So...this sleeping with cartoon characters...it's older than Jack Deebes, I take it.\" Master Blaster only shrugged. \"How come you don't flicker? I slept with Chad, and I flickered.\" \"I've been alive a long time. And mother was not one hundred percent human. It seems the change projected outward, in the form of my control over mirrors.\" \"What about the Nazi mouse? Benita had a gay Nazi mouse. He wore a sparkly hat with the Bebe logo on it.\" \"I don't like to talk about him. Or about him and my mother .\" He paused. \"He's actually bi .\" \"Well,\" I said. \"You have nice parents.\" I walked up to my cat baby. \"You wouldn't shoot at your mommy, would you?\" The kid looked like she actually might. \"Look, Master Blaster. Three spikes are great and all, but wouldn't you like an additional two?\" \"What are you doing!\" Misty cried. \"Don't tell him that!\" Master Blaster's face lit up with a rosy glow. \"There are more ?\" I sighed and nodded. \"And we kind of need the spikes to get to them. Could you please tell your goons to put down their guns?\" And so he did. The moment Cat Baby put away her gun, I quickly snatched her up. \"Hey, cutie ! How has old Blasty been treating you?\" \"Hel-lo?\" the baby meowed. \"Hello?\" Not \"Mommy\" or \"Dah dah.\" \"Hello.\" I rubbed her head sadly. \"Mommy's going to do something a little awkward to you, but just go with it okay? It'll make sense in a minute.\" And then Misty took over, forcing her egg through my baby's mouth. All right, so I'm not a stellar parent. Misty wanted a second born, and Master Blaster has clearly been brainwashing my kid, so I thought hey, why not brainwash her the way I want her brainwashed instead? Come to think of it, all parents kinda do similar things. The moment the egg was transferred to the baby, I felt my body begin to weaken, my arms and legs becoming realistically shaded and sensitive to the cool air. My baby, in the meantime, was aging rapidly, developing from a toddler to a twelve year old in the space of a minute. The odd thing was, as she aged, she suddenly had on Misty's costume, the cape and bikini stretching to match her body to an exact fit. Master Blaster shouted, \"Stop! What are you doing to my baby!\" \"Just a little improvement. It's kinda my baby anyway. To be fair, you did make her try to shoot me. Plus I have other babies. You can take one of those.\" You know how my baby had a gun? Well, now twelve year old Misty had it, pointing the muzzle at She Lion's head. I still had some of Misty's speed, so I rushed to her side, grabbing the gun. \"Misty. Don't. These cats are my favorite doodles in the entire world. I'm not saying they're friends, but I really like them a lot. If you kill them, I'll never forgive you, or myself for letting you do it. Please. Use the icer or something else. Anything else.\" \"But what are we supposed to do?\" Misty said. \"Icers don't work on doodles!\" Suddenly the eighties style visor wearing Cool Kitty turned into a gray statue. Fat Cat froze into gray concrete a second later. She Lion stared at the two statues, glanced at something behind me, and dropped her gun. I glanced back and saw Chad, bearing one of those freeze rays from the cartoon movie Light Years . Master Blaster's hover chair retreated from us. \"Please!\" the fat guy begged. \"Don't hurt my cats! I admit I haven't been the most loving master, but they're the only real friends I have left!\" \"Master Blaster!\" She Lion cried in surprise. \"You really do care! I knew it! \" \"Look, uh, Blasty,\" I said. \"No hard feelings, I hope.\" \"Hand us the Spike, and we won't kill your pets,\" Misty said. Master Blaster's face flushed red. He clenched his fists angrily. \"This is extortion!\" I twisted my lip. \"I...yeah. I think this is pretty much the dictionary definition of extortion.\" The man sighed, pulling the Spike out of his chair. \"I haven't figured out how to use it yet anyway,\" he muttered. \"I only managed to open up a small portal. The Jukebox wouldn't fit.\" He handed it over to Misty. \"Blasty,\" I said. \"Misty and I still want to help you achieve your goals, don't we, Misty?\" The villainess stared at me like she didn't. \"Look,\" I said. \"He doesn't want much. He just wants his floating house to go into the real world so he can abduct the talent he wants. That's not so much to ask in exchange for the most powerful energy source in the universe.\" \"What you've sent so far doesn't impress me,\" Master Blaster agreed. \"I'd be happy if I could just get my Jukebox over there and kidnap a music school or two.\" Misty sighed. \"Oh all right. It's a deal.\" But she took all the cats' weapons anyway. \"Could you change Fat Cat and Cool Kitty back from stone, please?\" Misty adjusted a setting on the freeze ray and did so. \"How is Sleez?\" she asked. \" Busy ,\" Master Blaster said. \" Very busy . Your friend practically has him running a daycare center by himself.\" He paused. \"Speaking of which, I'm not sure he will like your new look.\" Misty shrugged. \"It'll grow on him . Let's move your Jukebox. It'll probably make it easier for us to reach the next Spike anyway.\" Misty dug a few devices out of her bug carryall, experimenting with the spikes and Master Blaster's navigational equipment. She opened golden wall panels and floor panels, dismantled computers and turned circuit boards inside out, but Blasty said nothing about it, watching with puzzlement and curiosity. Okay, well, he did snap at her once, but that was only because she took all the buttons off one of his keyboards, turned it upside down and dumped all the dust out, which really didn't help anything but the cause of OCD. The most successful result came when Misty fitted the three spikes into a giant gold pipe organ/computer in the back of the throne chamber. The large circular monitor attached to the pipes gave us a view of a massive tear in the fabric of reality. Using an upper set of keys, and foot pedals, Misty attempted to steer the Jukebox through this hole, but the only result was a thunderous banging sound. \"Three isn't enough,\" she complained. \"We'll still need the other two.\" She climbed off the bench, removing the first of the three spikes. \"Misty, wait,\" I said. \"Where are you taking those?\" \"Along with us, of course.\" I shook my head in frustration. \"Don't you see? We did something like that last time. We had one spike, and Hitler took it and had two. Let's not make the same mistake twice.\" \"Then what do you suggest? Leave them here?\" I shrugged. \"Blasty can't go anywhere. It's as safe as any place. I mean, he doesn't want to destroy a race of people, or your companies or pollute the planet. They're just submissive feline lackeys and a glorified record producer.\" Misty frowned, but didn't disagree with my statement. \"I am not a lackey!\" She Lion growled, turning red. \"You kind of are,\" Cool Kitty said. \"We all are.\" \"Well.\" For a moment, She Lion seemed to be at a loss for words. \"There are better ways to phrase it.\" \"Sorry,\" I said. \"Anyway, Misty, how about we beam your big five spike weapon aboard this thing? It would make it really convenient.\" \"Jessica, you're fortunate that I trust him with the spikes at all. I'm not letting him have the Reformatter.\" \"The Reformatter? \" I repeated. \"As in erasing and rewriting data?\" \"It's more like saving over . The population of earth will be reformatted with the beautiful bodies of the Zorbatron race.\" \"Will this effect humankind musically ?\" Master Blaster asked. \"No,\" Misty said. \"The content of the songs may very slightly to reflect the reformat, but all genres will continue as they were. The change will only be physiological, so that the Zorbatron race can live again.\" \"When you say content... \" Master Blaster said. Misty sighed. \"So maybe there will be more love songs about sexy thoraxes, feelers and spinnerets, but people will still have the blues, achy breaky hearts and a twenty one gun salute for those who are about to rock.\" Master Blaster nodded, appearing to be satisfied with the arrangement. \"Let's try to find these other spikes.\" He nodded to Fat Cat. \"Did you get the software patch installed?\" \"Yes, your grooviness!\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"Fat Cat can program a computer?\" \"He always liked technical manuals.\" Master Blaster pushed some buttons on his throne, and a large computer screen came out of the floor, showing a side by side map of the real world and Cool World. I saw only a red blob in Cool World, obviously The Flipside, our location, and one solitary red blip on the other side. \"Wait. Why is there only one? My research says there's supposed to be two . One at Jack Deebes' old rental property, the other at-\" \"The Union Plaza hotel,\" Master Blaster finished. \"I thought you only knew about three of them,\" I said. \"Not that I'm complaining, I'm just confused about why you can detect them.\" \"Fat Cat just tweaked the algorithm. He was searching for alternate sources of power.\" \"So he's not a stereotypical evil dimwit ruler after all!\" I said, clapping my hands. \" I had the guy all wrong! \" Fat Cat smiled, but Master Blaster looked furious. \"What!\" \"Sorry. I...I've seen camera recordings of some of your...failings. You're a lot more intelligent than I imagined.\" He looked flustered. \"I'll...try to think of that as a compliment.\" Master Blaster clicked a button, and the image of a reptilian figure in a skirt and polo top appeared on the monitor. The creature stood atop the roof, directly below the scaffolding on the giant sign, holding aloft a glowing trident with a spike attached to it. This magical artifact apparently had power over animated birds, for she had swarms of them flowing around her in waves, to the point where it blotted out the sky. Master Blaster scowled. \"She has one of the spikes.\" I clenched my fists. \"That's not good.\" \"Agreed,\" Misty said. \"With that kind of power, she'll put me out of business! We've got to stop her before she gets the last Spike!\" As if hearing what we said, the reptile turned toward the screen, grinning at us. She pointed the trident our way, and a million cartoon birds burst through the monitor, filling the room with an endless flood of flapping wings and pecking beaks.[Chapter 74] Drew 00000 I could barely move. I had never known beak pain, but now it was tremendous. I leaned against the foot of the Planters idol I had been forced to carve, attempting to rest and recover my strength. Whiskers bird gasped and panted next to me, also exhausted. Although I still wasn't sure I wanted to sleep with Cupcake, this experience galvanized in me a firm belief in animal rights, particularly those of birds. While it might have been true that `no good deed goes unpunished', I now felt the rightness in what I did to Miss Terious's sweatshop. After all, I shared their plight. Evil Cupcake made tsk sounds as she looked down upon me. \"I had such great plans for you, but it seems you just want to be another one of my mindless servants.\" She shrugged. \"Pity.\" She picked me up, shoving me into her underwear. I tried to climb up to her waistband and hang from it like a balcony on a boat or something, but she slapped me, and I slid into the abyss. It was infinitely more pleasurable to her than it was to me, bumping around her interior, bouncing off her labia like a projectile in an X-rated Angry Birds game (and actually once as Spherical Bird Chewbacca) as the various muscles tried to choke me to death. \"Now I know what a tampon feels like,\" I muttered. It seemed like I was in there forever. I really don't know what was going on all that time, except I could hear Evil Cupcake chanting creepy occult sounding spells...when she wasn't moaning with pleasure. Somehow, I managed to wiggle my way out of her vagina, squirming out a leg hole in her panties, which, incidentally, wasn't easy, because the material wasn't elastic. Once out in the open again, I at last got to see what she had been doing all this time. Evil Cupcake had not limited her terrible power to merely transforming humans into birds. All along the streets and sidewalks, I saw the large green glowing pentagrams she had created, shafts of glowing light exploding from their centers as demonic beasts materialized into the real world, overturning cars and smashing store fronts. As I watched this happening, Evil Cupcake struck the ground with her trident, creating another. It was hopeless to argue against her, so I flew far away from her as I possible could. \"Where are you going, Drew?\" I heard a voice in my head saying, but I ignored her, focusing my thoughts on all the bad depressing things that had happened throughout my life, and sang Paint It Black , trying to be real as possible. My feathers took on a dark, realistic shade, but I didn't turn human. I did, however, manage to put more distance between myself from her. I found Whiskers Bird perched on a tree branch. \"What are we going to do?\" I said. \"There doesn't appear to be anything we can do, Drew. That creature can hear everything we say because of her birds.\" \"Didn't you help my dad save the world last time?\" \" That was different. Holli didn't turn Jack into a bird. He was able to use his own half doodle form to overtake her and put the Spike back where it belonged.\" I sighed. \"So what now?\" \"I don't know. We can only pray that she doesn't go to the Union Plaza Hotel and grab the last spike.\" In true cartoon fashion, evil Cupcake had whipped back to my location. \"What a great idea!\" A second later, a large green hand clamped down on my body, and I found myself staring at her face. \"I'll give you a choice this time. My breasts or my panties.\" \"Breasts,\" I blurted. She stretched out her waistband, dropping me back into her underwear. I could only shout in protest as I slid back into the depths. 0000 Jessica 0000 I waved my arms all around, trying to swat the swarms of birds away, but they were like flies. I staggered backwards. The Copy Cats resorted to stuffing them in their mouths, pulling out butterfly nets and shoving them into cages. They were the most unusual cartoon birds. Some shouted for their children. Some seemed very upset, yelling about how they needed to get down to the bank or the dealer lot in five minutes so their vehicle didn't get repossessed, or they wanted to call the tow truck and get the police to take care of the accident they had. Not very happy. A couple of them didn't even seem to be paying attention to their situation, the male bird arguing to the female that he was shouldering all the weight in the relationship, and how it's not working out, the female sobbing uncontrollably and yelling back how he's never there for her when she needs him. They didn't even care that they were parakeets, with wings. The guy even tried to slam a door, but there wasn't one available. Ugh. And then the unhappiest bird of all lands on my shoulder, a weird oddly familiar looking robin with black hair. \"Jessica!\" it cried in Drew's voice. \"Thank God! Listen, you've got to help me! That thing out there has the Spike, and it's turning everyone into birds. You've got to do something!\" I picked him up, spreading his little wings. \" You're so cute! \" I cooed, tickling his belly. \"Hey!\" he cried. \"Can you stop fondling me and help me? Before the whole world becomes a giant demonic birdhouse?\" \"I thought you liked being fondled,\" I said with a smirk. \" I might ,\" he said. \"But now isn't the right time for that.\" Typical Drew. He pointed a wing tip at the spikes poking out of the pipe organ. \"How secure are those things?\" The answer was \"not very.\" The moment he pointed a feather that way, a kestrel clamped onto one of the spikes and yanked it out of the organ. A crow grabbed the next one, then a sparrow came along for another. Misty dug out several pieces of anti-bird artillery, giving some to me, Master Blaster, and Chad to use on the menace, but they didn't accomplish much. \"Stop them!\" I shouted to Drew, but he said, \"I can't! Evil Cupcake has power over all birds! She can make me do whatever she wants!\" I sighed in frustration. The cats leapt at them with their nets, but the birds just chirped merrily and flew above their heads, zooming through the the screen they'd entered. I grabbed one of the cats' handguns, firing at the monitor, but, being a magic screen, more or less, the bullet went right through, accomplishing nothing. When we tried to chase after them, a cloud of flapping wings thwarted us. The portal on the monitor turned into a tiny dot, then disappeared, leaving us trapped in the Flipside. \"Damn,\" Drew and I said in unison. All the birds suddenly fell to the floor, hopping around with agitation and confusion. \"What's that about?\" I asked. \"They're out of range,\" Drew said. \"I feel it too.\" Misty smirked. \"Well. At least I have something to rebuild my factory with. In fact, I think I'll start with you. \" \"What! These are real people!\" Drew shouted. \" They have real lives and families ! You can't just enslave them all!\" I only chuckled. \"Drew, there's too many people on the planet already, with too little in terms of resources. Converting a quarter of humanity into revenue producing cartoon birds is a wonderfully humane method of solving the problem.\" \"How wonderfully Malthusian. The next thing you know, there'll be railcars taking these birds to little shower facilities flooded with poison gas.\" Misty looked troubled, but said nothing. I rolled my eyes. \"Drew, we're talking about large factories populated by little birdies, not wholesale genocide. We're not actually killing anyone. There's a difference.\" \"He comes to us for help?\" Misty asked. \"After everything we went through?\" \"The enemy of my enemy is my friend.\" Then he did a double take. \"Wait. Are you Miss Terious's daughter or something?\" \"Let's just say it's something and leave it at that.\" He didn't care to ask for an explanation. \"Listen. Do any of you have any devices to turn people into birds and back again?\" I glanced at Misty. \"No,\" she said. \"But I do have a device that turns doodles into one eyed alien birds. Would that help?\" \"No,\" Drew groaned. \"Can you at least...find me a ship that can take me over to dad's old rental property?\" \"What do you expect to find there?\" I asked. \"Whiskers had a device that can change people back.\" I shrugged. \"I don't know. We don't have any spikes.\" \"During my first experiments with the spikes,\" Master Blaster said. \"I accidentally broke a piece off on a mirror. You can use that one.\" \"Really!\" I held Drew bird up to my face. \"Would that work for you?\" Sure enough, there was a portal to the Deebes property. I brought Drew to it, just to be nice, but when I approached that particular pane of glass, Misty stopped me. \"Wait. We should move the portal to that hotel first. If that creature gets the last spike, there will be no point in doing anything else. She'll be unstoppable!\" I frowned at Drewbird. \"I'm sorry. She's right. I can't help you.\" \"Fine. I'll go alone.\" And then he shot through the mirror. \"Fatcat,\" Master Blaster muttered. \"You're not very strong, and I don't want you to get hurt. Why don't you go after the little birdie, maybe try to help him out, and stay out of trouble?\" \"Yes, your kindliness,\" the cat said. \"That's a good idea,\" I said to Chad. \"Why don't you go too?\" \"But Jessica!\" he said. \"Already I have protected you from much danger.\" I smiled a little. \"I know. And I thank you for that. But Isosceles needs to be safe, and so do you. Besides, the Deebes place isn't that far from the hotel.\" \" All right ,\" he groaned, and he also disappeared through the mirror. \"Okay, Blasty,\" I said. \"Which one of these mirrors goes to the hotel?\" He directed me to the one on the far end, but as Misty followed me to it, a jewel studded spiky bone boomerang embedded itself in the mirror frame. \"Miss Terious!\" a familiar voice shouted. \"We have some unfinished business to attend to!\" We both turned and stared at the visitor. It was Cupcake from the National Baby Farms, but she looked a bit... different from how I saw her last. For one thing, her wardrobe looked bizarre, like she stole a costume from a Mad Max or Conan character. For the top, she had on a sort of tattered leather biker jacket that stopped at the midriff, with a couple one eyed animal skulls for shoulder pads. At the waist, she had another one eyed skull, hanging from a chain, which held up a canvas-like loincloth. For jewelry, she had necklaces of animal teeth and claws. She was still blue, but paler, her eyes a solid white color, her hair now a lighter sandy brown, puffing out in a ragged sort of bob hairdo. She had been glaring at Misty, but now she scowled at me . \"Actually, I have unfinished business with both of you !\" She whipped out a long staff with bones and a cyclopean goat skull attached to one end, whirling it around like a kung fu master.[Chapter 75] When I came out the other side of the mirror, I found I had company. First, a chunky feline in a Sargent Pepper uniform stumbled out, then Jessica's eyepatch guy, obviously humanized by the sex act... with a mutant baby . And then Whiskers somehow found a way to tag along. The mirror was in a bedroom, but not Dane's bedroom. It was also a mess, but in a different way. I saw Pringles cans, condom boxes, empty boxes of Cheez Its, jeans and socks and underwear on the floor, piles of fliers for obscure rock bands, a Ouija board, and a bunch of drug related paraphernalia, from bongs to cannabis t-shirts. Fat Cat picked up a flier, frowning at it. \"Are any of these new?\" I flew over to the paper, shredding it in my claws. \"No. I'm absolutely certain of that.\" \"That sure explains a lot. We tried to go to some of these places and kidnap musicians, but they were never there, or the venue was out of business.\" \"Serves you right for trying to get up to date information from a slob's bedroom.\" \"Well, mostly we were watching the slob have sex.\" \"That's really pathetic,\" I said. Whiskers Bird shook his head. \"The transmogrifier should be downstairs.\" \"Yeah. Let's go. The smell is making me sick to my stomach.\" The weird looking baby was crying. \"I felt like crying too, the moment I saw this mess.\" I glanced up at the thing carrying the baby. \"So. You're Jessica's boyfriend.\" \"We are engaged ,\" he said proudly. I rolled my eyes. \"I'm guessing you slept together.\" \"Is it that obvious?\" Mr. Eyepatch said. \"What's your name?\" He told me it was Chad Buckthorn. \"That sounds like a character from Watership Down .\" His answer was, \"Who?\" \"Never mind. What is that thing you're carrying around?\" \"His name is Isosceles. He is my baby.\" \"You and Jessica, I'm assuming.\" \"Yes.\" I felt a twinge of jealousy, but then decided the baby was hideous. Maybe it was better that I did sign those papers. \"There are several more at Misty's base. Would you like one?\" I shuddered. \"No...that's...all right.\" Then I frowned. \"You call her Misty?\" \"She and I are friends.\" \"She tried to kill me.\" \"You should not get on her bad side.\" \"I'm thinking Jessica must have picked you for your looks,\" I said. \"Because you're a bit lacking in the brain department.\" Chad reddened. \"Perhaps it is you, not I, that is lacking in brains.\" \"Perhaps I should shove one of these ceramic bongs up your nostril,\" I growled. \"We need to make haste,\" Whiskers scolded. \"Squabble later.\" \"Right.\" The house was as messy as it had been before. I expected Greg to have devoted all his energies to lighting up a bong in bird form, but we found him in his normal body, plucking chords on a guitar. \"Ooh!\" Fat Cat whispered to me. \"I've got to bring this guy to Master Blaster! He'd make a perfect musical slave!\" \"I don't know. He works at Auto Zone. I'm thinking he's not the best musical slave you can find.\" Fat Cat shrugged. \"Master Blaster wanted me to start finding new never before seen acts. This would be perfect.\" \"Swell. But could you please find that transmogrifier thing for us first?\" Greg paid no attention to us. He was singing some song or another that he made up. I wasn't impressed. \"What does this thing look like?\" Fat Cat asked. \"The...transiwhatsit?\" \"There!\" Whiskers pointed his feathers at the couch. I saw the gun sticking out beneath a pile of supermarket fliers, takeout menus, bills and napkins. A second later, the Land of the Lost Stuff chose that moment to acquire a new treasure, dark octopus tentacles wrapping around it. \"Oh no you don't!\" I shrieked, beating it with my wings and clawing at it with my feet. Whiskers joined me in the endeavor. When Fat Cat rushed to our aid, Greg snatched the gun away. \"Ah-ah-ah. I'm tired of cartoon... things busting in my door and taking what they want. You want this anti-birdie gun? You're going to have to do something for me first.\" \"Name it.\" \"My girlfriend is still missing, and I want her back.\" \"I can't help you. She likes Cool World too much. She doesn't want to come back.\" \"It ain't my problem. It's yours. Bring me my girlfriend, and we'll talk.\" \"I can take you to Cool World,\" said Fat Cat. \"You can be together there. All you have to do...is... kinda sorta be Master Blaster's musical slave forever. \" Greg stared at him. \"You mean, like a permanent gig?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" \"How much does it pay?\" Fat Cat frowned. \"Well...\" \"Not interested.\" Fat Cat punched him in the crotch and stole the gun. Before the man could recover, the cat shot me and Whiskers with the ray, and we returned to our normal selves. \"Sorry about that,\" Fat Cat said. \"My offer still stands. Become our musical slave, and you'll see your girlfriend. I can't promise any pay, but we'll give you room and board.\" Greg stared at him for a long time, then sighed. \"Fine. All right. It's a solid gig, and I get to go to cartoon land to see my girlfriend. Lead the way.\" \"Excellent! I'll take you there at once!\" Greg took the cat's paw, looking like a parent from Charlie and the Chocolate Factory being led to the juicing room by an Oompaloompa. I turned to follow them, but Whiskers said, \"Wait. We should turn the other humans back to normal.\" \"That's not going to matter. Not as long as that thing has the Spikes.\" Whiskers sighed. \"You're right. Let's go back.\" I rushed up to Greg's bedroom, but when I got there, I found the mirror had been smashed to bits, Fat Cat cowering nearby, looking miserable. \"Seven years bad luck,\" I muttered. \"I pushed him through,\" Fat Cat said. \"And then something happened. There was glass flying everywhere! How are we going to get home now?\" \"I don't know. We'll figure out something.\" \"I suppose we'll have to walk,\" Whiskers said. And so we all left the house through the front door. Outside was a mess. Cars overturned, crashed over curbs, windows broken, stores lightened of merchandise, trash cans knocked over, garbage spilled all over the place. Whiskers immediately set about firing the transmogrifier at every bird he could, which was great when they were actually animated. When they were real regular birds, they just became cartoony and really confused. He really had his work cut out for him. People fell from the air, painfully at times, others staggering, with woozy steps, out of their cars. He got a bit carried away with it, not noticing he had demons stomping around him. He ran up ahead before I could stop him. A blue-black demon hand clamped around the little guy's neck, lifting him off the ground. Another claw snatched his device away, and a cloven hoof smashed it to pieces. \"Whiskers!\" I yelled, running to his aid. My face had a toucan beak now, but the rest of me was normal, like a kid on a Fruit Loops commercial. I wasn't sure if it were due to the power of the transmogrifier being destroyed, or just me being a half doodle, but I did know that the professor needed help, so I punched the demon in the stomach and kicked him. The creature just laughed and grabbed me around the throat, grinning and chuckling evilly as it looked at me. \"Bold move, Bird King! \" I grabbed at the demon's claws and swung my feet, trying to kick him, but to no avail. I became light headed, stars blinking before my eyes from lack of air. All of a sudden, I saw a flash, and a big black rectangular shape erupted from one of the many glowing pentagrams. At first, when I saw the fender, wheels and chassis, I thought it was the guy from Evil Dead , but no. It was the Cat-Illac. With a brand new paint job...involving skulls. Incidentally, someone had also nailed a number of skulls to the shell, weird looking monster skulls that looked like demons or goats with alien eyes. A female cat in a ripped wedding dress made out of animal skins, with head wreath woven from blinking alien jungle plants, and a squat little cat dressed like a Viking popped out of the car. \"Put the Bird King down!\" the Viking shouted. \"Riffraff?\" I gasped. My captor just laughed at him. \"You going to stop me, squirt?\" \" Me and some friends ,\" he said. My sister hopped out of the back seat, clad in a weathered leather bikini, boots, and a mantle of white animal fur. She still had on the bunny ears. She pointed a chrome plated gun at the demon, a gun that looked like Snoopy. A Desert Beagle , I supposed. \"Let go of them now!\" Then Dane, dressed in a replica of the costume Tina Turner wore in Mad Max: Beyond Thunderdome, stood up, aiming her rifle. \"Drop the tax man! Now!\" 000000000 Jessica 000000000 The bird twirled her staff, knocking Misty to the floor. Deciding enough was enough, I picked up a gun and aimed it at her blue fuzzy head. I didn't realize she brought help. The moment I clicked back the hammer, a white figure knocked me to the floor. The gun went off, accidentally shattering a mirror. I stared at my attacker, a mouse with a glowing club, dressed in a fur vest and a loincloth. Oddly familiar, and kind of cute. \"Sneezer?\" \"Hey,\" he said. \"Aren't you that girl that was going to do it with Drew?\" I grinned. \" I might have at one point ...\" I ran my finger up his chest. \".. .But I really have a thing for doodles. \" I pulled him close and kissed him. When he kissed back, I snatched away his club, knocked him to the floor, and beat him unconscious. I could tell because doodles always have a big pointy hump poking out of their head when you do it right. Then, for good measure, I threw him through a random mirror. \"Sneezer!\" Cupcake cried, momentarily forgetting the battle. Taking advantage of the situation, Misty picked up a staff from what looked like a scifi cartoon, knocking the bird across the face. Cupcake stumbled backwards, but she regained her bearings, and returned with a flurry of spinning staff attacks. I picked up the gun again, trying to stop her, but she barked, \"Attack!\" and all those weird birds came flapping at me. I fell backwards through a mirror, landing on a dusty hotel floor. The mirror toppled over sideways, the glass shattering. \"Guess I'm not going back that way.\" A white body jumped on my stomach, and I was again looking into two beady black dabs of paint. \"Now.\" His loincloth rubbed against me. \"Where were we?\"[Chapter 76] DREW 0000 Upon seeing my gang of rescuers, the demon laughed and brought Whiskers close to his face. \"I'd like to see you try.\" The moment it said this, one of the demon's calves disappeared in a spray of animated blood. A second later, the monster's other leg disappeared in a whirl of blood and animal hide bridal train. The demon toppled over backwards, and an ax hacked off the creature's arms, freeing me. A blazing sword sliced off the arm holding the professor, then the monster's head. Riffraff grabbed me by the wrist, pulling me away from the bloody mess. \"C'mon, house slave! There's a world that needs saving!\" He led me into the back of the Cat-Illac. \"Not that I'm complaining, but I thought I was the chauffeur.\" He jumped into the driver's seat, which now had pedals stretched out to allow for his tiny form. \"No offense, but you drive like an old lady.\" \"No skin off my nose.\" I stared at Dane in her crazy shoulder pads and bikini costume. \"Wow. So how did they finally convince you to come back to reality?\" I paused. \"Especially in that? \" She rolled her eyes. \"Oh, I don't know. First it was filling in for you at work , and then the whole part about Cool World being destroyed forever . It all kinda wrecked my day. I had to do something.\" \"Your boyfriend is looking for you. He volunteered to be Master Blaster's slave forever just to stay with you in Cool World.\" Instead of looking worried, she just smiled. \"Aww!\" My sister leaned over and grinned at me. \"I told her about the Shadow Realm, and how a day here is like ten over there, and that got her really excited.\" \"That place was awesome !\" Dane laughed. \"We should go,\" Whiskers said, climbing in the back with us. \"The creature is already at that hotel , with the spikes!\" Riffraff started up the car. Amanda kept gazing at me. \"God, I missed you. The whole ten years we were there, I kept thinking of you.\" She cleared her throat and straightened, I suppose, to not look desperate. \" You're looking good..\" \"Thanks, but it's only been a few hours.\" I adjusted my bandage. \"I could be better.\" Then I frowned. \"You seriously didn't spend ten years in there, did you?\" \"What part of awesome don't you understand?\" Dane laughed. \"I made the cats' wedding from scratch, no pun intended. I drew everything. Even the honeymoon suite!\" \" That was a little creepy,\" Cleo said. \"Oh, I don't know ...\" Riffraff muttered as he drove off the sidewalk and onto the street. \"It was kinda fun...\" Whiskers had taken a little book out of his pocket. The words on the cover read, The Spikes of Power . He muttered as he turned the pages, jotting notes with an ink pen. I rubbed my forehead, glancing at my sister. \"I still don't get it. Why were you in the Shadow Realm to begin with?\" \"It was Sneezer. He came to me as a bird, begging me to take him there to rescue Cupcake, who apparently was the only one who could turn him back into a mouse, and save you .\" \"Wait. So Cupcake was in there the whole time?\" She frowned. \"Sneezer did say you weren't thinking too clearly.\" \"Oh, and he would know!\" The cat took us through a wreckage strewn neighborhood. \"The rescuewas a fiasco in itself,\" Dane said. \"He claimed that he instinctively knew her location , because he was a bird, but he didn't. After we went through the Star of David in your dad's basement, we spent days just wandering around, getting lost. \"I ended up drawing a lot of compasses with different media, like your sister's blood.\" \"That one actually worked,\" Amanda said. \"But it brought us to a magical portal to the real world that closed as we approached it.\" \"It was like we were in that old Dungeons and Dragons cartoon or something,\" Dane groaned. \"After we wandered around for a few weeks, Amanda here suddenly remembered that she had Cupcake's business card stuck in a secret pocket inside her thong , and I could finally...\" She shuddered. \"I drew a compass on it, and right away it turned 3D and we began our five year quest to save Ms. Baby Farm. You wouldn't believe the amount of shit that went down. It was insane. \" \"See Cool World Issue 20,\" Amanda `explained.' \"Where's Hector, Wordsworth and Mungo?\" \"Mungo fell in love with a barbarian,\" Cleo said. \"Hector and Wordsworth are ruling our Shadow Realm fiefdom in our absence.\" \"They insisted,\" Riffraff said. \"The girls are very pretty. \" \"Wow. I see you also took the car.\" \"Your dad had a secret garage door connected to the basement.\" I rolled of my eyes. \"Of course he does. So where's Sneezer?\" Amanda frowned. \"I thought he rescued you.\" Riffraff slammed on the brakes. \"He's not with you?\" I shook my head. \"I don't know. He took off when I was a birdie.\" The Viking cat sighed and stepped on the gas. \"He and Cupcake were supposed to take the Mirror of Shades to your location,\" Amanda said. I furrowed my brow. \"I didn't see anything. The only people that rescued me were named Master Blaster and Fat Cat. Miss Terious was with them.\" Everyone in the car, including the driver, turned around and gawked at me. \"Miss Terious!\" I shrugged. \"She's friends with Jessica, my old girlfriend.\" \"That...doesn't sound good,\" Amanda said. \"No it doesn't,\" Dane agreed. Our car rapidly approached a parked U-Haul. \"Hey! Eyes on the road, cat!\" Riffraff turned back around just in time to swerve away. \"Yikes!\" The next few minutes played out like a video game. As Riffraff weaved in and around cars, cars in motion, wrecked or parked, Dane, Amanda and Cleo took out guns, firing at every demon in sight with an unending stream of bullets. Things went moderately well, and we managed to knock down a few of the beasts between a Target and a post office, but then Amanda shot the wrong demon, and it uprooted a real tree, swinging it like a baseball bat. The tree smashed across the front of our car, throwing us sideways, flipping us over. The ink and paint car rolled into a fancy Fiat, smashing the windows, denting the doors, and setting off its alarm. We groaned and crawled out from under our ride, staggering to our feet. \"We can still make it on foot,\" Whiskers muttered. The moment he had said this large shadowy horned figures surrounded us. Amanda and Dane pulled out their guns and fired. Cleo and Riffraff likewise drew their warrior weapons. They slaughtered dozens of these creatures, but two dozen rushed in to take their place. A red beast with one missing horn ripped Amanda's gun away, crushing it into dust. A blue demon stole Dane's gun, shattering that one as well. Riffraff sliced a black one's leg in half, but a green demon punched the cat in the face, sending him through the side of the Cat-Illac, into the trunk. \"My husband!\" Cleo let out a banshee cry, swinging her glowing sword, but her bridal train got caught on something, and she was forcefully grabbed and thrown into a mob of horned creatures with a scream. When I saw her next, she was being tied to a tree branch. \"Drew!\" Amanda screamed. I spun just in time to see a scaly horned Todd McFarlane special dragging off my sister. \"Help!\" \"You're a superhero!\" I called. \"I'm not! Fight back!\" \"I can't! I'm human! Turn into the rat and help me!\" \"Amanda!\" I ran after her, punching the demon as hard as I could, but he only shoved me to the ground. I tried again, but accomplished nothing, just like the first attempt. I sang a song or two, focusing my thoughts on karate, bright copper kettles and warm woolen mittens, Sneezer, anything I could think of to make myself into Kimono Rat, but I remained human. I hadn't noticed it much before, but Holli had actually cured me. Other than a few glitches here and there, and being turned into a bird, my humanity had remained pretty consistent. Like right now. At the worst possible time. Dane ran up to me with a thermos. \"Here. Drink this. I'd use it myself, but it has no effect on me.\" I frowned at the bottle. \"What is this?\" \"Holli gave it to me. She said to use it as a last resort. It's concentrated doodle. She says it will make you permanently animated.\" \"But that's just it! I don't think this is a last resort type of situation!\" She glanced around at the huge evil looking figures. \"If you can think of a better way out, now's the time to mention it.\" Hearing another scream, I turned and saw Amanda being beaten by clubs and muscular fists. The clubs were real objects, baseball bats, pieces of wood. Amanda could die. As I watched this scene with a growing sense of helplessness, I heard yet another scream, this one right next to me. They had grabbed Dane. I turned the thermos over in my hands, my heart sinking in dismay.[Chapter 77] \"There has got to be a better way,\" I said as I turned the thermos over in my hands again. The whole situation seemed... contrived , like Sneezer or someone else had arranged this fatalistic little bit of drama to keep me wrapped around their finger forever. They were asking me to give up my entire life. All that work to get myself established in the world, to get a job and a car, and a place to stay, plus all that schooling...it would have no meaning. Family and friends? Goodbye. Well, except dad and sis. But then I thought about what the doctor said after that time grandpa took too many of his medications at one time and spent an entire day staring vacantly into space. \"The devil is in the dosage.\" Certainly, gulping the whole thermos would \"make Kansas go bye bye,\" but maybe a sip wouldn't hurt. And so I took a little sip and closed the lid. I didn't hear the Popeye song, but I figured it wouldn't happen in the real world. As an experiment, I sang the theme song to Hong Kong Fooey, and immediately saw my fists and forearms turning fuzzy. A kimono whirled around me like a tornado, replacing the clothing I had been wearing. Well, I thought, no time to think. I capped the bottle and charged at the demons that attacked my sister. I did well. Too well. I feared I was human no longer. I effortlessly dispatched two large demons with a couple well placed jump kicks, hammerfists and karate chops, then brought down two more with sweep kicks. I killed one with a rock, another by breaking its ball bat in half and shoving the pieces through its skull. My sister, wincing from bruises, staggered to her feet. \"Drew?\" I looked at her sadly. She touched my furry cheek. \"Drew, you didn't drink that stuff in the thermos, did you?\" I swallowed. \"I kind of had to. But I only took a few drops. I should be okay.\" \"Drew...I'm not sure that's how it works.\" I was horrified, but at the same time aroused by the apparent failure, so it was difficult to tell if she were right. Depressing things were supposed to turn me human, right? I did that starry tear thing they do in Japanese cartoons again. \"You could be wrong. There's always a possibility.\" \"Well,\" she admitted. \"It isn't an exact science...\" I whirled around. \"We gotta save Dane.\" Following the screams, I rushed into a cluster of demons, knocked two out with some kung fu moves and a lockout punch to the crotch. Four of the beasts stood around my friend, chortling and looking like they wanted to do something worse than beating her to death. With a snort, one leaned over her, jabbed a claw into the bra portion of her costume, and ripped down. I stepped back into a fighting cat stance and screamed at the top of my lungs, which sounded outrageously girly. Before I could take a step, I saw a green blur, and someone yelled \"Cowabunga\". One of the thugs collapsed to the ground in a twirl of wood and metal chains. With the flash of a blade, a second demon fell over backwards, its legs reduced to bloody stumps. A wooden stick knocked the third one off its feet. The eyes of the bodice ripper widened in shock as a pair of sai buried themselves in his chest. He too collapsed in a puddle of blood. And there they all were. The Ninja Turtles. The sword guy helping Dane to her feet, the others glancing back and forth between me, my sister, and the mob of monsters. \"Please don't lick my ass,\" I said. Once I noticed my verbal slip-up, I quickly corrected myself, \"I meant kick . Please don't kick my ass.\" I got a couple laughs, but the guy with the blue headband scowled at me, and the guy with the red headband looked like he actually might lick my ass. I still couldn't believing what I saw. \"Michelangelo, Leonardo, Raphael and Donatello. How did you guys get here?\" Leonardo warily pointed his sword at me. \"How do you know our names?\" I quickly covered my mistake. \"April O' Neal. She did a report on you guys.\" \"Oh.\" That seemed to convince him, though I'm pretty sure that wouldn't be the type of thing their reporter friend would blab on the news. \"How did you cross over to the real world? The spikes of power are gone.\" \"The spikes of power aren't the only power that can extend into the noid world,\" said Mr. Purple Headband. He pointed across the street, where a familiar glass and steel office building stood. The Ewes Bank sign had reverted back to its original name. \"A dude with a red robe was floating in the cafeteria,\" said Yellow Headband (Mike, I think). \"He led us out the back door. To here.\" I shook my head in disbelief. \"All this time I thought it was easier to escape Gillian's Island.\" \"It is. A lot easier. If a dude can build a radio out of coconuts, you'd think he'd be smart enough to fix a little hole in the Minnow!\" I smacked my forehead. \"That's not what I meant.\" The turtle shrugged. \"Anyway, Floating Guy said we were needed out here.\" \"Where's Master Splinter? Did you leave him at home?\" One of the turtles pointed at me, muttering and chuckling to the other. \"He'll be along,\" said Leonardo. I suddenly saw a mocha colored shape speeding past, and three more demons came crashing to the ground. And then I saw him in all his long nosed, crazily bandaged, fuzzy brown glory. That tattered red bathrobe clad figure I grew up watching on the TV, complete with Shredder shredded ear. All of this stirred feelings in me I couldn't describe. My heart was pounding, and I found myself short of breath. The other rat gave me a low bow, little hearts popping out of his body. \"Konnichiwa!\" I stared at him in horror. \"Oh God.\" \"My name is Master-\" \"I know who you are,\" I snapped. \"I...\" I felt I had been a little harsh, and I felt like I should thank him for rescuing Dane, so I gave him a low bow in response, blurting, \"Arrigato, Yamato san.\" In case you're wondering, that was all the Japanese I knew. All of a sudden, the rat looked angry, or maybe embarrassed. \"You know my real name! How?\" Knowing this information was an ultra secret thing on the program, I stammered, \"I...heard it while...living in Japan. While...studying...Ninjitsu. You were...famous...at the school. I, um, arrived after you left.\" Splinter furrowed his brow, but before I could truly get into trouble, I heard a voice shouting \"Help!\" Cleo was still stuck up in a tree, the demons playing piñata with her. \"We should go,\" I said. The rat nodded. \"Children!\" he shouted, pointing a claw at the feline in the long dress. \"Yes, sensei!\" Leo and the other three leapt into action, swinging and slicing and chopping and kicking through an army of thugs. Cleo's tree stood in front of a grade school. As I came closer to the place, I noticed the presence of several tall, pale white creatures bearing guns, both real and animated. I signaled for the turtles to stop, which they did, but then an ax whirled through the air, burying itself in the chest of a big purple and green spotted demon. I turned and saw Riffraff giving me the thumbs up. I gave him the finger. The creatures with guns opened fire. The moment the guns blazed, I ducked behind a brick monument bearing the name of the school. Frank Rushton or something, I think. A fuzzy brown body joined me there. He leaned close to me, gazing into my eyes. \"What is a beautiful young rat like you doing in a place like this?\" I swallowed. \"You did not just say that.\" \"But I did.\" \"You did not ,\" I insisted. \"If I said you had a beautiful body, would you hold it against me?\" I suppressed a laugh. \"Splinter, you've been spending way too much time in the sewer.\" \"Then take me up top. Teach me how to be a civilized rat.\" I had to admit, he was my favorite TMNT character, but did I love him? Like that ?\" \"Just one date. Gojo's on eleventh street. My treat.\" I trembled nervously. \"This is not happening.\" \"But it is.\" He took my hand. \"Just once. This is all I ask.\" \"Okay, okay,\" I groaned. \"Fine. It's a date. After we get rid of these guys with guns and save the world.\" To myself, I muttered, \"This is so weird! \" Suddenly, an unpleasant creepy voice behind the wall shouted, \"Drew Deebes! Come out from hiding!\" Judge Myxo had returned. In cowboy movies, the hero yells stuff back, but that's stupid. I just bit my lip and hid there. \"I have your noid sister! I wonder what color blood will come pouring out her neck when I slash it?\" I looked out again and saw the ghastly rabbit indeed had Amanda in his clutches, bone knife poised at her throat.[Chapter 78] The guy was about to cut my sister open. I didn't have a lot of options. I guess I did have some allies with me, but this was a hostage situation, and big demonic thugs were everywhere, presumably to back him up. Despite Master Splinter's warnings, I crept out from behind the sign. \"At last,\" Myxo growled. \"Our little eco-terrorist shows himself.\" The ghastly rabbit stood in a fenced in playground, in front of one of those geodesic dome thingies made of monkey bars. A couple bulky looking demons amused themselves by playing on the metal spring rocking horses nearby. I glared at the `judge.' \"Let her go! I'm the one who organized the attack on C.C. Knicknocker. She was only following my orders.\" \"That may be so, but your sister and I have a history , and it doesn't feel good when you and your friends shoot me full of bullets.\" I approached the rabbit with my hands raised, because it was expected. \"Yes. Come closer. \" \"Wait,\" I said as I stepped through the gate. \"Aren't you supposed to be allied with Miss Terious, and not Ms. Evil Bird Queen and her demonic henchmen?\" \"This isn't about either one of them. This is about revenge! \" The moment I passed the demons astride their majestic fiberglass steeds, the rabbit quoted Beefheart lyrics again. \"Green inflated trees balloon into marshmallow soot, that walks away in faulty circles, caught in grey blisters with twinkling lights and green sashes pulled by rubber dolphins with gold yawning mouths that blister and break in agony.\" I looked down and found myself unaffected. I crept closer. \"The camel wore a nightie, at the party of special things to do. When the stiff wind blows, the flag don't wiggle in the part of special things to do.\" I was still a rat. The loss of my humanity saddened me, but here it was a strength. I sang Beefheart's Observatory Crest , something I had on my mix CD, but hadn't thought about until then. The rabbit glared at me. \"I see you've inoculated yourself against the psychedelic lyrics. No matter. This rabbit still has other tricks up his sleeve.\" I marched closer. \"So do I.\" In one swift movement, I had my hand around the rabbit's knife wielding claw, elbowing him in the stomach. My sister wiggled free, snatching up a real pistol that had been dropped next to a nearby jungle gym. Myxo backhanded me across the face, creating a row of artful slash marks across my cheeks. If I were real, it would have just been an ugly wound. \"You think you've outsmarted me, but you're no more clever or powerful than you were before.\" And then he quoted headlines at me. \"A woman who found her seventeen month old son dead in her hot stuffy car after she worked her seven hour shift as a Hooters waitress has been arrested.\" \"What?\" I said, blinking in confusion. \"A twelve year old California boy was strangled by rope in his family's kitchen, apparently the latest victim of a teen fad known as `the choking game.'\" I laughed. \"Seriously? You're going to Dan Rather me to death?\" \"Three dead, seven hurt when gunman opens fire in Lafayette movie theater,\" Myxo said, looming over me. \"Gunman turns `Batman' screening into real life `horror film.' A terrorist group posted a graphic video online Tuesday that showed the beheading of missing American journalist James Foley.\" None of this material was funny. Myxo had intentionally chosen it that way to get to me. I flickered real for a second. As reassuring as it was to know I was still human, at the moment, it proved to be extremely inconvenient. \"Amanda was right. I shouldn't listen to you.\" And then I delivered a loaf of Kung Fu, knocking him backwards over the geodesic dome. I jumped on the dome, leaping down on the `judge', but he was stronger, and I ended up getting thrown onto a seesaw. \"A twenty five year old Baltimore man died Sunday, a week after an encounter with police that left him with a severed spine.\" Myxo stomped on the other end of the seesaw, quoting a depressing statistic about unemployment. I flew into the air and fell back down as a noid, wincing at the pain it caused my head. \"Oh. It seems I have touched a nerve.\" He stomped the seesaw again. \"Unemployment!\" My head throbbed with searing pain. I saw stars. Don't listen! I thought. Think about something else! \"Unarmed Maryland teen fatally shot by police officer, police claim he was `whipping his hand around.'\" He quoted something else about job losses, then about the Affordable Healthcare Act, but I focused my thoughts on my sister. My sister! The ball game. And what happened afterwards. I thought about Extra and the first time I kissed Sneezer. Sure, those weren't the coolest memories, and they were even a little bit disturbing, but maybe that was exactly what I needed. Fur exploded from my arms like sped up timelapse footage of grass growing. The kimono whirled around me. In one speedy but graceful motion, I leapt into the air (from the supine position, no less) rolling into a ball like Sonic the Hedgehog. When I pounded down on my end of the seesaw, the other end slammed upwards into the Judge's crotch. He shrieked in pain. \"Blister and break that in agony,\" I mocked. I leapt again, doing that frozen flying crane kick they often do in The Matrix . My foot connected to the rabbit's head, and I did that bicycle kick thing they do in Kung Fu movies and video games, knocking him backwards across the playground. He hit a tetherball pole, and, amazingly enough, the tetherball swung around and hit him in the head a second later. Old Myxo was no push over. After having his ass kicked into a pole, he snapped back suddenly, pounding me with his fists, hacking me with his claws, slashing large rips into my kimono. I blocked his attacks the best I could with my karate skills, but I tripped over a railroad tie at the edge of the jungle gym and fell backwards into the sand box. Myxo drew a giant sword out of his robe, one which he probably could have used on my sister or me earlier, but for some reason hadn't. He raised the blade, brought it down, but the jungle gym was in the way, so he cut that in half instead of me, losing too much momentum to take care of both at once. I kicked him in the crotch, but before I could rise up to strike him a second time, he stomped me in the gut, raising the sword again. I stared up in helpless terror, silently praying that either the sword or I would be animated enough to prevent a fatality. Somehow, I couldn't imagine either one of those things happening. I thought this was it. Myxo was going to take that big sword and chop me in half. I flinched as the sharp real looking blade swung down. A moment later, something sharp and pointy jutted out of his chest. Myxo's eyes widened in shock, staring at it. Green blood oozed out the wound. I craned my neck a little and saw a small feline Viking waving at me. Following this, a pair of sai buried themselves into his body, then my sister popped up behind him, pointing a real pistol at his head. \"Sorry, Judge,\" she growled as she clicked back the hammer. \"You've been disbarred.\" She pulled the trigger, and the rabbit exploded into ash.[Chapter 79] The Turtlemobile had been parked on the front lawn of the school. I always thought the concept of a secret garage in a city sewer was a bit of a stretch, but I liked the design of the vehicle, a big yellow van with a turtle shell for a roof, with red laser cannons and a secret springloaded panel that pops off and knocks evil ninjas flat on their ass. We had to fight a swarm of birds to get there, but once inside, we were relatively safe. April O'Neal sat at the steering wheel, Chad in the seat next to her, gently rocking his baby. Behind these two, there were a few additional rows of seats, and a pair of benches along the walls. Expecting it to be crowded, I sat on a bench. In the back, Whiskers tinkered with some computer on the rear wall. He and Donatello, I decided, must have gotten along famously. \"I was wondering where you went,\" I told the kangaroo. \"I saw the Turtles unfolding their van in front of that office building and asked for help,\" he said. When I shot him a skeptical look, he said, \"That thing is not my friend any more than it is yours. She and her demons could ruin Misty's company.\" His words made me feel like jumping in bed with the reptile, just to spite him, and `Misty.' Almost. I frowned, giving him a nod. \"Sounds like we have a truce of some sort, or a temporary alliance.\" \"Yes. Perhaps it is that.\" During our fight, Michelangelo and Leonardo had cut Cleo down from the tree, and she seemed no worse for wear. Dane and Amanda, however, had welts, puffy cheeks, and bruises. \"There are some drawbacks to being human,\" my sister groaned. \"Tell me about it,\" Dane said. Riffraff and the Turtles climbed in, then I found Master Splinter seating himself next to me. \"Does it bother you that I sit here?\" I'm ashamed to admit it, but I had just been wondering what he'd look like without the robe. \"N-no,\" I stammered. \"It's fine.\" \"I've just put the coordinates to the hotel into the computer,\" Whiskers announced to Donatello. \"You should be able to find the place, even with all the birds and monsters.\" April stared at the screen on her dashboard for a moment, then started up the van, bumping over the school's front lawn to the street. Michelangelo and Raphael took position at a pair of cannons, blasting demons, angry birds and other threats away from the doors. Splinter smiled at me, wrapping his tail around mine. \"Full disclosure,\" I said. \"I'm actually a man, and I'm not a doodle.\" He squeezed my hand. \"Nobody's perfect.\" \"You have spent too much time in the sewer,\" I muttered, but little hearts popped out of my kimono. We hit a bump, and I found myself doubling over in pain. I flickered human and stayed that way for about ten minutes, gasping for air. For some reason the stuff I drank had interfered with either my breathing or my heart, and it was catching up with me. \"You were not... shitting, \" Splinter said like some old guy trying to emulate what the young kids of today were saying. \"I told you,\" I groaned. The sensei paused for a moment. \"Still, this does not change my feelings for you.\" I grimaced. \"Uh, thanks, Master Splinter. That's actually...really disturbing.\" The Turtlemobile rolled down the Vegas Strip, passing Caesar's Palace and the Golden Nugget. People pointed and stared at us. Kids shouted and waving excitedly. They had seen the turtles in CGI. They had never heard of the horror that is the Coming Out Of Their Shells Tour, so they were full of enthusiasm. The fact we had fans didn't bother me. What bothered me was the fact that half of them were cartoon birds, and they blocked the windows, severely limiting visibility. \"There!\" Whiskers announced all of a sudden. \"We're here!\" When I got out of the van and looked up, I was reminded of the finale of Ghostbusters . (Well, if the Gothic penthouse apartment in that movie had been downgraded to a sleazy seventies style casino hotel). A towering building with a dazzling ray of energy blazing up the night sky like a light saber, surrounded by vast clouds of ghostly glowing amorphous shapes. I wasn't going to relish the hike to that rooftop. Suddenly my dad made an appearance, turning pale as he stared up at the roof. \"Good Lord, not again!\" Before I could ask him how he got there, Officer Harris came up the sidewalk, making tsk noises as he glared at me, shaking his head. \" Deebes Junior. I knew you were bad news the moment you stepped into our world. How the hell did you screw things up this time?\" \"Oh no you don't!\" I said. \"Don't go blaming this one on me ! You want someone to blame?\" I cocked at thumb at dad. \"Ask his stupid neighbor lady, the one that blew up Epcot!\" \"I heard you two were rather close ,\" Dad said. \" It didn't work out. Her brain has a few screws loose.\" \" That's just terrific! Another psychotic slut trying to destroy the whole damn world with a glowing spike!\" \" Five glowing spikes,\" I corrected. Harris smacked himself in the face. \"That's it. We're dead.\" \"Not if this psychotic slut has anything to say about it,\" Holli growled, stomping up to the revolving door. 00000000000 Jessica 000000000 The mouse kissed me, and I kissed back, but only for a moment before I pushed him away. \"Sneezer, honey, you're scrumptious, but there's the teensy little problem of reptile lady taking all four spikes of power and destroying the world and everything. Could we take care of that first?\" \"Yes ma'am!\" he cried eagerly, leaping to his feet. \"She's got a magic staff. It turns people into birds. Do you have a magic staff?\" I picked up a stub of a pencil from the floor. \"I can get one. \" The only reason why I thought of this was because of Misty and Disney World. I'm largely animated, and there were some blank spaces left on the professor's dusty old hotel room that I could still draw things on. I drew my magic staff next to someone's fantastic graffiti depicting a castle door. It seemed oddly fitting. I got a little carried away, I think. My power staff looked like some ridiculous prop for an action figure, complete with skulls, rubies, intertwined serpents, retractable sword blade, and an acetylene torch. When I pulled it out of the wall, and it turned 3D, I frowned at the thought of actually hitting someone with such high quality workmanship. Oh well. The way to the rooftop was boarded up, and they had shut the room off from the rest of the hotel with boards and big pieces of plastic. I really needed to get to the roof. \"Sneezer, can you be a dear and sniff some dust? Maybe blow those boards away?\" The mouse shook his head. \"Sorry, lady. I kinda took some medicine. \" \"Then you shouldn't be called Sneezer anymore. You should be Cave Mouse or something.\" He shrugged. \"Maybe you're right. But all my friends still know me as Sneezer.\" I shook my head in annoyance. \"Does that club of yours do anything besides knocking people upside the head?\" \"Yeah. It can knock down walls and everything.\" I looked around, searching the floor. \"Where is it?\" \"I think it's... on the other side of the mirror. \" I smacked my forehead. \"Beautiful.\" I took a pencil and drew a bunch of bombs. I drew some dynamite, grenades, and those black round ones with wicks that they always show in cartoons. I set a bomb next to the plywood wall, lighting it with the torch. It blew the wall to bits. I caught the spike stealing bird master just a second after she grabbed the scaffolding on the big sign. \"Hey!\" I shouted. She turned around to face me with a snarl. Then, with a derisive snort, she turned back around, climbing the scaffolds in search of the last spike. \"Not so fast, bird brain!\" I yelled. Since she ignored me, I lit a bomb and threw it after her. The bomb exploded, breaking the scaffolding apart. The bird master fell from her perch, rolling back onto the roof. She growled, raising her trident threateningly. I twirled my own staff in response. \"Bring it, bitch!\"[Chapter 80] Jessica 000000 Being animated is awesome. I seemed to have acquired combat skills I previously had not possessed. When reptile lady came at me with her magic staff, I struck back. We got into an elaborately choreographed fight sequence. It was kind of cool. \"All right,\" I said as our staffs went crackety crack against each other. \"Look. Snake lady . Maybe we got off on the wrong foot.\" She swung at me and I blocked. \"We haven't been properly introduced. I don't even know your name.\" \"It's Flo.\" I fought down a giggle. \"I'm sorry.\" I supposed this was why she turned to a life of crime. For a moment, we seemed to be at a cease fire, or a truce, or whatever you call it when two staff wielding ninjas stop fighting. \"So... Flo . What's the big plan? Covering all the world's cars with bird poop so nobody can drive again?\" \"No. But that's a great idea.\" \"So what are you doing with the spikes?\" \"Oh? Just using their immense power to turn everyone in the entire world into my little cartoon bird servants.\" I looked at her like she was crazy, which isn't hard to do. \"Seriously?\" She whirled her trident around, pointing it at me. \"Yeah.\" Before I could defend myself, I saw a flash and found myself shrinking to the size of a baseball, growing a pair of feathery wings. 000000000 Drew 00000000 \"You know,\" Dad said to me as we marched up the stairs. \"Your mother and I always wanted to have a girl.\" I was a female rat now, hence the strange topic of conversation. \"That's great, dad. Really...great.\" We could have taken the elevator, but, in addition to having too many people to fit in there, this way seemed faster, especially with me being mostly a doodle. Dad, being part doodle, kept up with me, which was kind of annoying. Chad, Dane and Amanda took the elevator, which was probably smarter. We'd see who beat who to the roof. Holli was with them, as was Cleo and Whiskers, but Riffraff and the Ninja Turtles trailed behind us, followed by my fuzzy brown `boyfriend'. Harris and his spider pal had chosen to scale the side of the building. Before we went in, I heard them mentioning that there were `no clouds to worry about', whatever that meant. I frowned, glancing at my companions. \"What happened to Extra? Has anyone seen him and Mac Daddy?\" \"Not a clue,\" Riffraff said. \"The bird population started getting nutty the moment the queen was out of the picture.\" Dad glanced back at the rat, who was doing surprisingly well for an old guy with a cane. \"You sure he didn't kiss your ass?\" I reddened. \"I'm sure he'd like to try.\" \"I would also like to try... bondage, \" the rat said. I laughed uncomfortably. Dad chuckled. \"All these noids and doodles to take down one bad guy. It really feels like overkill.\" \"Maybe,\" I said. \"But she's already got four spikes and is going for another. Whatever we do, we're never going to be evenly matched.\" \"You got a point.\" I turned human the last leg of the journey, slowing everybody down. I eventually turned into the rat and caught up, but it really did us no favors. At long last, we stood in the top floor hallway of the hotel. The moment we crossed the carpet, a big fat man in a sport coat and slacks saw us, wrinkling his forehead as he narrowed his eyes in confusion. He appeared to be suffering from a hangover anyway, muttering incoherently as he stumbled past. We rushed down the hallway, toward the wall of plywood that covered the demolished section of hotel. I once again turned fuzzy. The elevator had beat us to the top floor. Dane, Amanda, Cleo, Holli, Whiskers and Chad already waited by the splintery (pun unintentional) boards. Dane drew a chainsaw on the bumpy pieces of wood, muttering to herself as the others waited. \"I still think shooting it a few times would be just as fast,\" Amanda said. \"Maybe shooting with a doodle gun,\" Holli agreed. \"With all the chaos going on outside, I'm sure no one would notice.\" She glanced at me. \"Or cutting through it with a Kung Fu chop...\" \"I hope Jessica is okay,\" Chad said. \"Isosceles hasn't been fed lately. I'm a little worried.\" \"If I were you,\" Holli said. \"I'd stay out of harm's way, and get your milk later.\" Amanda rolled her eyes. \"No, mom. If he were you, he'd leave the baby crying on the floor somewhere while he hatches some evil scheme.\" Holli sighed. \"Do we have to do this now ?\" \"You really think she got on the roof without going through the wall?\" Dad asked. \"I don't see how things could look so spooky otherwise.\" Amanda crossed her arms, giving her father a look that said, `Really, dad. Changing the subject much?' She puffed a rabbit ear in annoyance. \"I regret not bringing my tools along.\" Whiskers gave Holli an expectant glance. \"Don't look at me. I'm ninety percent human.\" Whiskers frowned at Cleo. \"And you don't have anything either?\" The bride shook her head. \"I lost most of my fun stuff in the shadow realm.\" From down the hall, I heard a voice shout, \"Drew!\" I got knocked against a wall by a white body in a loincloth and a furry vest. \"Oh, my sexy karate mouse,\" he breathed as he touched his muzzle to mine. \"I knew you were in there somewhere, just waiting to come out!\" He wrapped his arms around me, sliding a paw around my buttocks as he kissed me wildly. I tried to push him back, but my resolved weakened a little bit, and he kissed me deeper. Master Splinter was not oblivious to all of this. I saw him clenching and unclenching his fists as he watched. I met his gaze with both an apologetic `I'm sorry I'm cheating on you' and a 1Help me, please!' expression. In a flash, the sensei whirled his cane and struck Sneezer with its end, hurling his loincloth wearing ass through the plywood barrier. \"Maybe you should kiss his ass,\" Dad muttered. Splinter wiggled his eyebrows. I glanced at the rat uncomfortably for a moment, then entered the professor's dusty old suite, looking around. Someone, it seemed, had already gotten rid of the wall with an explosive. Seeing the enemy with the glowing staff on the rooftop beyond, I pointed a claw in that direction. \"There!\" Splinter twirled his cane dramatically, then raised it above his head in a bold martial arts pose. \"Hah!\" \"Cowabunga!\" I heard the turtles shout in unison, also brandishing weapons. The half shelled heroes and rat stared at me expectantly, as if to say, `Your line.' I blushed. \"Um...YOLO?\" \"YOLO!\" they cheered in unison, charging out the hole with a flurry of weaponry. \"My king!\" a voice cried as I followed after them. Having suddenly reverted to a human being again anyway, I had paused near the damaged wall, waiting for my body to regain its animated form. As I did so, a hand grabbed my shoulder. Surprised, I whirled around and found a blue bird staring back at me. \"Cupcake? Is that really you? Or is this another evil clone?\" She shoved me down on the dusty bed, kissing me on the lips. \"Would an evil clone do this?\" \"Yes,\" I coughed, waving away a gray cloud. \"I guess you don't care that these sheets haven't been changed since the Roosevelt administration.\" Dad muttered something about it being exactly the wrong time for something like this. I couldn't agree more. To my chagrin, Amanda, Dane and Whiskers came along shortly afterwards, giving their two cents. \"Not my idea!\" I protested, but I'm not sure they believed me. Behind the wall, I heard shouts, and the noise of weapons clattering and clanging together. Cupcake straddled my hips with her legs, rubbing her body against me as she pulled off my shirt. \"How about this ? Would a clone do this ?\" \"Yes. She'd definitely do that.\" All of a sudden, she stiffened, looking furious. \" Did she?\" \"Almost.\" The shouts and clanging abruptly stopped, replaced by a chorus of angry chirps. I don't know what was going on, but Cupcake's focus was all on me, and she didn't seem to want to let go. Outrage crept into Cupcake's voice. \"But you had to know it wasn't me!\" \"Not really. Not until she went crazy and stole the Spike.\" \"What! Another one?\" That must mean there's...\" \"Only one left,\" I finished. \"We should go.\" I heard a couple loud feline yowls as a flash of orange and white rushed past me, but that offensive also appeared to be short lived. Dane, Holli and Amanda took up positions around the hole, firing shots. Whiskers dug in his safe. A second later, Holli swore, lowering her gun. \"She can stop bullets!\" \"It's just like The Matrix !\" Dane cried in amazement. A second later, all those bullets came zinging back at us. Holli cried as one hit her in the shoulder. \"Dammit, that hurt!\" While all this was happening, the real Bird Queen did nothing to help, busily kissing me, touching me, undoing my pants. \"Cupcake,\" I prompted. \"Could you please stop? Now? \" The bird rubbed herself against my crotch. \"I've been fantasizing about this for decades . It's almost a shame not to let things take their course...\" \" Cupcake.. .This really isn't a good time.\" She ignored my protest. \"Sneezer and I were discussing your phobia about diapers. We both think you'd really enjoy them if you gave them a try.\" \"So it is you,\" I groaned. \"Look. Can we discuss this later? When your evil twin isn't trying to turn the entire world into a giant C.C. Knicknocker factory?\" The birds eyes flashed a solid yellow. \"She what!\" In a fury, she jumped from the bed, glaring out the hole in the wall. \"That whore! She stole my staff!\" \"That explains a lot,\" I said as I pulled my shirt back on. \"That staff contains all the power and authority of the great Bird Kingdom. Transformation was supposed to be a gift unto the most worthy, the most deserving of all non-birds.\" The look she gave implied that she would have bestowed the favor on me . \"... And in some cases, punishment for those who were cruel to my subjects, so they could fully understand the bird plight.\" \"So we're screwed,\" I said. She shook her head. \"Although this severely limits my power, I am still the ruler of all birds.\" She reached into her loincloth, pulling out a gold tiara with an image of Extra on its center, placing it on her head. \"If the birds will not listen to me now, they never will.\" She put her fingers to her temples, looking like she were smoothing out a headache. Out on the rooftop, I could see Evil Cupcake swatting at four green parrots, a brown buzzard, and a strange looking blue-black raven. \"It's me , my subjects,\" Cupcake said in an echoing voice, rubbing her temples. \"Gather your strength and fight this impostor.\" The swarm of birds became agitated. \"Fight them. Resist. You are free as a bird . And this bird will never change. \" \"Skynard,\" I remarked. \" Nice. \" 000000000 Jessica 00000 Henry David Thoreau wrote a love letter to the thrush, extolling its beautiful singing. The robin is a common but lovely songbird, one that can `outbop the buzzard and the oriole.' Wrens, sparrows and finches also produce their own special kind of music. I'm a hundred percent positive that Flo, in her long sordid history of avian enslavement, has never before heard the loud chirpings of the North American Bitch Bird. Using all sorts of (no pun intended) foul language, I went Hitchcock on her ass, throwing everything my little bird body could muster into the attack. It seemed Flo wasn't used to having disobedient pets trying to peck and claw her face off. For a few glorious minutes, I took her completely off guard, leaving her swinging her trident ineffectively at me like a fly swatter. Flo raised her staff, concentrating really hard as she mumbled something at me. My head got swimmy, like I'd had too many Jell-O shots, and I found myself flying toward the big sign with its exposed sparking wires. I tried to fight, but the swimmy feeling pushed me closer and closer to danger. Then the Ninja Turtles appeared, hollering as they made their bold charge at the enemy. Okay, that's ridiculous, I thought. But not any more ridiculous than anything else I'd seen. The distraction freed my mind from the force that held it like a vice, so I flew back for a second attack. The turtles and their rat sensei were mighty, but Flo had all the spikes. She raised her staff, chanted something, and they all went flying back. Splinter, Donatello, Michelangelo, Gauguin, Raphael, they all grew feathers and shrank to my size, flying around like a bunch of parakeets in a fog. \"Nice try,\" Flo laughed. A minute later, I noticed two cartoon felines charging at her with Viking weapons. She made short work of them, too. I heard gunshots. The real police department had arrived. A bullet grazed Flo's leg, but she waved her trident at the shooters, and that was it. I thought all was lost. All this effort uncovering all the spikes, and I would end up stuck as a dumb little... whatever forever. Since I could see no other way out of this, I decided to go back to my old standby, \"If you can't beat them, join them, then beat them.\" I flew up to the reptile with a pleasant smile plastered on my beak. \"All right, Flo. You win. You can have the spikes.\" \"Good. Because you couldn't take them from me anyway.\" Right. So, kinda pissing me off, but I didn't want to ruffle her feathers anymore. \"Look. I'm sorry I cussed you out. I was, I don't know, stressed out from being changed into a bird. \"Now look, I'm the one who got all the spikes to begin with. I actually like the idea of conquering the world, even if I'm not the person doing the conquering. I really think a regime change is in order, and you seem to be the best choice.\" \"Why thank you.\" But then she opened her mouth, shooting a frog-like tongue into a cloud of birds. A pigeon disappeared down her gullet with a human sounding scream. It seemed her agenda was making a giant bird buffet to supersize her own scaly ass. Uh-oh, I thought. That's not good. Still, maybe she wouldn't eat me if I played my cards right. \"So...um...is there any way...I can help you achieve your goal?\" \"I'm good. But you're sweet for asking. Once I get this city taken care of, I promise I'll find a nice big cage for you to play around in, and we can talk some more.\" \" Wow ,\" I said facetiously. \" Thanks. I think we've really got a rapport going. \" \"Well you're the one that called me a bitch and hit me with your staff.\" \"I did say sorry. But I'll have you know I'm not your average human, or doodle. I'm not some peon that wants the world to go back the way it was so I can work at some low paying job at a tax office. I want to do something with the planet.\" \"I see you know Drew. \" I laughed. \"Small world.\" \"Did you two have sex?\" \" No ,\" I said with a grin. \"Did you?\" \"I got close, but someone stuck his checks all over a telephone pole, so we never got anywhere. It seems someone broke into his apartment and stole everything.\" I snickered, covering my beak. \" Oops! \" \"Wait,\" she said. \" You did that?\" \"I consulted that. For Miss Terious. I'm a villain's consultant , and to be perfectly frank, you're not respecting my credentials.\" Flo's hand suddenly shot out, clamping around my neck. \" You sneaky conniving bitch! How dare you ruin my poor vice president with such cowardly underhanded scheming!\" \"Now I know you're crazy,\" I gasped, my wings making pathetic attempts to pry the claws away. \"You're conquering the world, and you're talking about making that weenie your vice president? And who is vice president over an entire world anyway?\" And then I heard Freebird . A strange wave of power rushed through my body, allowing me to break Flo's grip by merely puffing my body outward. I flew to a safe distance. \"Drew is very particular. What exactly did he see in you ?\" \"Besides thinking I was Cupcake?\" She suddenly turned into a cute little black chick. An actual person. \"He likes to keep things real. He didn't know that I didn't need chemicals to look this way.\" I nodded appreciatively. \"I admit, you're no Holli Berri, but I bet that turns some heads.\" \"Now!\" a voice yelled in my head. Without meaning to, I feel my whole body swoop down and slam into her face. Flo stumbled backwards, falling over the side of the building. She reached out and gripped me by the throat as she fell, laughing in an evil sounding voice as she slowly strangled me. When we had dropped a couple stories, Flo gave me a nasty grin, and a pair of leathery wings burst from her back. She shot up in the air above the rooftop, one hand on the staff, the other on my throat. \"You know,\" I grunted. \"You could probably wield that staff better if you stopped choking me.\" \"I can do both adequately well. Thank you very much. \" Um, voice in my head? I thought really hard. I could really use your help right now! `If this is who I think it is,' the voice said. `We are going to have a long talk when this is over.' And then I saw her. Miss National Baby Farms. She had a little tiara on her head, and she was doing that facial expression they do on Scanners . `Boy am I glad to see you!' I thought. `A little help please?' `Flo is strong,' the voice answered. `I will do what I can.' That's when I saw Misty creeping up behind the bird queen, armed with a spear with an ugly looking serrated blade at the end, a real one, drawing back for the kill. \"Misty! No!\" I shouted, but it was too late. Misty's blade erupted from Cupcake's chest, causing the bird to spit up blood and collapse on the roof. Her crown rolled off her head, clattering on the tar and gravel surfacing. \"Misty...you idiot.\"[Chapter 81] Jessica 00000 I always suspected I was the brains of this world conquering operation, but now I had definite proof. I only wished I'd known about this sooner. Maybe I was also a cliche villainess, and just didn't know it. Killing the only force strong enough to slow down Flo was stupid. But what could I do about it now? I was a damn bird! I frowned as I saw Drew kneeling by the dying bird's side, looking sad. I didn't know how sad until he kissed her on the beak. It didn't help anything, but I guess baby farm managers have to get love wherever they can find it. \"Nice friend you've got,\" I heard an orange cat bird say to me. \"Is she always this bright?\" \"She has her moments.\" I didn't notice it at the time, but Flo had dropped one of her spikes in the scuffle. I should have noticed it, but I didn't. I think it may have something to do with me nearly being choked to death. I would have continued to think nothing of it, had not I, at the present moment, suddenly noticed a giant robotic figure rising up from the side of the building. It had animal features, car features, its head made out of a spaceship. It looked like someone had built a cop robot out of Voltron, a Transformer, and Mazinga. The machine had a cap with a badge on it, and a badge on its square truck window chest, from which an animated spider looked out. Instead of a face, I saw a domed spaceship window with a cartoon cop inside. The robot rose over the rooftop with rocket boots, clenching its metal fists as it stared down Flo. \"Cool World PD! Drop the spikes!\" \"Never!\" Flo shouted, twirling her staff. The moment she fired, the robot drew a giant glowing blade. \"Go Blazing Sword!\" The sword blocked the attack. Flo roared in anger, using her staff to send a cloud of birds into the robot's face. As it staggered back, Flo twirled her staff again. \"Hey, Robo Dick! Try this on for size!\" And she shot him. `Robo Dick' transformed into a giant metal condor, which squawked and pecked at her with its giant beak. \"Nice try!\" the voice boomed, its pilot still not feathery. The spider, well, I've never seen a bird spider before, but there it was. Making use of the distraction, Drew's (ugh) sister came out with guns blazing, firing shot after shot at the monster. The bullets did damage, but Flo just laughed and raised her staff, making her whole body glow. Her wounds closed, and the Deebes girl became nothing but a Caucasian colored flightless bird waddling around on the roof. Holli Would picked her up and carried her away. If anyone else was coming, they weren't in a hurry. I imagine Flo would have done something to Holli as well, but at that moment, the cop tried to peck her in the skull with Condorbot. The two fought viciously. Then I saw Misty picking up Cupcake's tiara. \"Yeah!\" I called as I flew close to her. \"Put it on! It's the only way to stop this thing!\" She did. All of a sudden, Misty resembled something the queen from the Alien films would buy in a pet store. A large eyeless bug-like bird, kind of a canary looking thing, if you combined it with a beetle. She raised her claws, as if casting a magic spell, then great swarms of birds came pecking and clawing at the reptile, knocking her backwards. I thought we were doing good, but then Flo slammed her staff down on the rooftop, and a huge explosion knocked me, Misty, the robot, and the cloud of birds away in a blast of brilliant light. The robot tumbled off the side of the building. I and Misty fell flat on the gravel. I saw Drew swinging his arms wildly as he flew over the edge. I hoped he was okay. As I shook myself off and flapped into the air again, I suddenly noticed a Goth chick, a real one, pick up a spike (Flo dropped another one) shoving it into a cartoon guitar. The girl played something that sounded like Metallica, and as she did this, a flying golden amplifier blasted Flo with a wave of sound, throwing her across the roof. Goth chick did another riff, blowing Flo over the ledge with a scream. Only a minute or so later, the reptile came flying back up. In her claws, she had her own `ax', and in a few flicks of a guitar pick, blasted us with riffs that I would compare to that of Zakk Wylde, blowing us all away. Literally. What followed was, um, kind of like The Battle of the Bands, or that scene at the end of Tenacious D and The Pick of Destiny , where the guitarist faced off against the other in musical combat. Very entertaining. Goth girl hit her with something in a Baroque style, transitioning into an Iron Maiden song, which really isn't a stretch. Flo hit her back with something Led Zepplin-ish, though it didn't sound like Stairway . It probably would have gone on like this for some time, and not really accomplish anything, but all of a sudden I saw the robot flying up behind Flo, raising its Blazing Sword. The reptile let out a demonic howl as the blade plunged through her body. But then she laughed, her body glowing as she shoved the blade out the way it came. When she had it all the way out, she grabbed it by the handle, slicing the robot in half. The bird spider and the cartoon cop let out screams as they tumbled through the air.[Chapter 82] Drew 000000 It all happened so fast. One moment I see Cupcake donning a tiara and summoning birds, the next Miss Terious popped out of nowhere, running her through with a giant spear. Remember that door Dane drew to get to Dad's place? It had swung open when Cupcake was doing her thing. No. The other thing . Fighting the evil bird queen. I tried to stop her, but I was human and `Misty' just knocked me aside with her spear, muttering something about Jessica not wanting me dead. Sneezer tried to stop her too, but she slashed him across the chest, and in one quick movement, she shoved the nasty looking blade of her spear through Cupcake's back. \"No!\" Sneezer cried. \"My queen!\" Misty pulled the weapon out, casually throwing Cupcake to the floor as she stepped out on the roof to face down the reptile. Since Sneezer's wounds weren't deep, he screamed and ran after her, but Misty just knocked him back. The evil villainness picked up Cupcake's tiara, placing it on her head. She transformed into a biomechanical hawk. Sneezer tried to attack her, but I held him back. \"The enemy of my enemy is my friend!\" I hissed. The mouse sighed, giving me a reluctant nod. Sneezer and I rushed to Cupcake's side. \"No!\" Sneezer cried. \"My queen! You can't die!\" \"I'm sorry, my good looking subject,\" she gasped. \"I am mortally wounded.\" She was actually dying. For real. I stared at her bleeding on the shingles, then at Sneezer. \"We were going to share a bed.\" The mouse began to weep. \"All three of us. The Bird King, the Bird Queen, me...It's what kept her going all those days in the Shadow Realm.\" \"We were not!\" I said. Then, in a less insensitive tone, \"I don't do threesomes.\" I knelt down, gazing into the bird's eyes. \"I'm sorry. I can't help but feel responsible for all of this.\" \"It's okay,\" she coughed. \"It's not your fault. I would never blame you, my king.\" \"Drew,\" Sneezer said. \"True love's kiss! It's the only way to save her life!\" \"Oh yes please!\" Cupcake said eagerly. \"Oh yes!\" Sighing, I leaned in close, kissing Cupcake on the beak. I thought it was fairly passionate, but my kisses didn't stop her from being mortally wounded. I thought I saw her tiara glowing with unusual brilliance, like that's where the power went, but it could have been a coincidence. Sneezer frowned. \"Would it help if you had sex?\" \"If only!\" Cupcake coughed up blood. \"I'm sorry. It's too late for me. But thank you for making me happy in my last moments.\" She dug a ring out of her cleavage, offering it to me. \"Here. Put this on,\" she gasped. \"No way.\" Then, noticing how heartbroken she looked, I said, \"I know it might be your dying wish, but what if you come back to life and I'm stuck with a wife I'm not sure I want?\" Tears rolled down her cheeks. \"Please, Drew. If you care anything for me at all, you'll do this for me.\" I swallowed hard. \"Okay. Fine. All right.\" I slid the ring upon my finger, and I immediately felt a sort of energy rushing through me. \"It is the signet ring of the Bird Kingdom,\" she said. \"I meant to give it to you...in a more romantic way, but...\" She coughed up blood. \"A noble heart will unlock the power of the ring.\" Honestly, I don't know what was going on at the other end of the roof. I saw a big robot fighting the reptile. The robot looked like a cop, and it had Harris's voice. Whatever he did was working until Misty knocked him off the building. Then Dane made an appearance. While I and the others had been huddling in the room, hiding behind a wall, Dane had been drawing a guitar , of all things. It all seemed pointless until the robot or someone knocked a spike out of the reptile's clutches, and they had dueling... guitars . Harris got the bright idea of stabbing Evil Cupcake in the back, but she turned his Voltron sword back on him, and his robot was toast. I caught a glimpse of something glowing on the robot's chest as Harris and Nails fell below and thought, `You used a spike for that ?' Now, Dane's `ax' was literally an `ax.' It was golden dwarf weapon with guitar strings. Dane swung this at (I think they said her name was Flo?) and took a chunk out of her stomach. Flo roared and swung her own weapon, and I had a flashback of the grand finale from the first Highlander film, you know, that epic sword battle behind the giant sign on a rooftop. Flo was animated and Dane wasn't, so she had an unfair speed advantage. Flo axed Dane in the leg, and my friend fell over backwards with a scream. \"Dane!\" I yelled. \"I am doing what I can to restrain the birds!\" I heard Misty shout. \"You must stop her!\" \"Wait!\" I yelled. \"You killed Cupcake! Why the hell should I trust you?\" \"The enemy of my enemy is my friend?\" Oh. So it all came down to me now. I raised my signet ring, concentrating on...bird thoughts, cartoon thoughts, anything I thought would help. Nothing. I wasn't even the rodent. Apparently loyal to the human after their long years in the Shadow Realm, Sneezer charged at the reptile with a scream, drawing a dagger from the side of his loincloth. The creature pointed her trident, and he became a titmouse. No, no. The bird titmouse. The bird . I remained behind, searching for weapons. Jessica's staff still lay on the ground. It was currently the only thing I had to work with. As Flo raised her ax to take off Dane's head, I ran at her with this staff, keeping my mouth shut as I did so, as war cries had no effectiveness in this battle. I swung the staff like a baseball bat, knocking Flo flat on her ass. \" Drew ,\" she growled as she got back on her feet. \" You don't want to do this. You still have a choice. Forget all this and rule by my side. We'll share the world. I'll even change your friends back to normal, within reason. \" \"I'm sorry.\" I raised the staff to strike her. \"You've pissed me off too many times.\" She flashed her trident. \"I'm sorry too.\" I made a passable Highlander. Although not completely animated, my arms kind of resembled the action figures I used to keep in my toy boxes as a kid, like, \"Gee, I wonder how this Tri Clops figurine would look with Lion-O's arms?\" Or He-Man's blue twin with He-Man's arms. Unfortunately, the rest of me remained normal, so Flo drove me backwards over a ledge with slashing and stabbing attacks. I tripped and fell backwards over an edge, and found myself falling past the windows of several hotel suites. As I screamed, I reflected I would have been better off if I had, in fact, been turned into a bird. I'm going to die, I kept thinking to myself as I fell. This really is it. But then I felt warmth spreading all over my body, and I started glowing. A sea of birds swooped down, enveloping me with feathers. Thousands of tiny winged bodies pushed up from beneath me, stopping my descent. \"You should not be out here, Master,\" I heard a voice saying. \"Extra!\" I cried as I caught sight of his fat little golden body. \"Boy am I glad to see you!...Where were you all this time?\" He nuzzled against me. \"I will tell you later, Master. Right now we must hurry. We cannot allow Flo to win.\"[Chapter 83] The flock of birds carried me back to the roof. Along the way, I spotted Officer Harris, scaling the wall by means of his spider pal and a cartoon rope. He still had a spike. \"Hey!\" he yelled to me. \" You look like someone who wants to save the planet!\" He threw the spike at me. \"Catch!\" I didn't. The spike fell. \"Oh must I do everything!\" I heard a familiar voice shouting. A yellow-white bird that looked like Holli swooped down after the spike, catching it in her beak. She flapped back up, placing it in my hand. \"There. Go stuff that turkey!\" A crow flitted up beside her. A crow with swirling black hair that...kinda looked like dad. \"Make us proud, son.\" I concentrated and turned into a rat bird. I did this only because I didn't know how to use the spike and didn't think it would work. My only thoughts had been, `I need my Kung Fu skills' and `I have to control these birds.' I appeared to be male, with a beak and tail feathers, to fulfill the `bird king' requirement, but I was brown, fuzzy, in a colorful Mandarin outfit with an embroidered dragon, and I had on one of those little Chinese caps, with a pony tail. I was a bird emperor . I thought about getting myself a long flowing beard, but I knew Flo would only use it to yank me around. It was like I had the power of the wind at my disposal. When I clenched my fist with that ring on my finger, I zoomed up through the air, high above the building, doing a dramatic superhero-esque landing that made a crater in the roofing tiles. As I rose from the traditional kneeling position, I noticed the sound of weapons clashing. It seemed my previous failed attack on Flo had given Dane just enough time to get to her feet and come at the reptile with her ax. Seeing Jessica's staff on the ground, I quickly snatched it up and rushed to the girl's aid. Me and Dane made a pretty good team. We knocked Flo backwards, Dane chopping her on the side as I blocked the trident, or me striking as Dane blocked. Unfortunately, Flo had two spikes on her person. She did a super jump, landed behind us, and I got knocked off my feet by a blast of light. My staff went flying off the side of the building. Dane and I groaned as we struggled to our feet. When I turned around to face my enemy, I found Flo's trident pointing threateningly in my face. \"Last chance, Drew. Give me a quick lay, and I'll forget this whole thing ever happened.\" I stepped back in a fighting horse. \"I'm the Bird King , lady. My hens do all the laying!\" \"Then you will die.\" She blasted me with the weapon. Nothing happened. \"That power doesn't belong to you,\" I said. \"It is the rightful inheritance of the bird people. \" \"They are no people!\" Flo roared in outrage. \" They are only birds! I thought I understood what Cupcake saw in you during all those mind probes, but I was wrong! You're nothing but a scrawny bodied stick in the mud who prefers the company of his sister and a bird brained queen to a real woman !\" \"Excuse me. Did you say there was a real woman around here somewhere? Because I'm looking straight ahead and I don't see any.\" You know how a horse feels its oats? I was feeling my ring. \"Fine,\" she growled. \"I'll just skewer your tender all white chicken breast!\" She reared back to do just that, but when she thrust her weapon at me, Dane came in with her ax, knocking it away. Flo pounded the roof with her trident and screamed, causing a huge flock of birds to bowl us backwards across the tiles. Evidently, Flo still had some power over the bird kingdom. I smashed open the door to the emergency stairs, intending to run away. Groaning, I staggered to my feet, only to get thrown down those stairs by another wave of birds. I didn't want to flee anymore. Enough is enough, I thought angrily. I rushed back through the door, letting out a war cry as I held out my ring. The birds obeyed me, flying me closer to Flo, blasting her backwards. It would take more than that to defeat this reptile. Flo came back with her own swarm of birds. I countered her flock with mine, and for a moment we resembled a scene from one of those Green Lantern comics, or maybe Harry Potter . A large black and purple bird flapped down in front of me, my staff in its claws. \"Take it, Bird King,\" it said in Jessica's voice. \"It contains a spike. You're our only hope now.\" \" Dane's here,\" I said. She shook her head. \" You're our only hope.\" Jessica pecked my cheek and flew away. I decided I liked her better as a bird. I spun the staff, charging at Flo, my signet ring glowing as I willed birds to fly ahead of me, machine gun style. Utilitarian as this may have been, I understood their beak pain more than anyone. They weren't hurting their beaks to make clocks, they were doing it for their freedom . Our weapons clashed, and so did our respective clouds of birds. Dane tried to help, but Jessica was right. She wasn't much help. She soon became a stylized Gothic comic book crow that perched on my shoulder and pecked ineffectively at my enemy. Sometimes I would catch her admiring her new body. I had ninja skills, but Flo seemed to have them too, on account of the spikes. I fell back, tripped over a bathroom exhaust pipe, and fell on my back. \"The staff has extra features!\" Jessica hissed in my ear. \"Push the buttons on the side and twist!\" I did what she suggested, and the staff came apart, leaving me clutching a glowing samurai sword, with a spike inside the handle. Grinning, I leapt to my feet, flying at the reptile with speedy flashes of steel. Of course, we were both animated, so I couldn't just chop her head off. She blocked my attacks with her trident like a black belt in Ninjitsu. A long, drawn out Kung Fu and bird battle ensued, reminding me of that double staircase fight sequence in the second Matrix movie, the one where you hit fast forward because nobody really accomplished anything productive for more than five minutes and you got tired of the repetitive music. Flo was a complete doodle. I from time to time turned noid, which meant I also got tired. I watched with horror as Flo knocked my sword off the roof. I rushed to the side, willing a bird to retrieve it for me, but Flo swung at me several times, and I had to run away. Now I was recreating a different type of cartoon. The one where Bugs Bunny runs through a castle while a maniac tries to chop his head off. All I did was dodge and run a lot. I guess I could have used the spike to will weapons into existence, but I didn't know how to do it. Whenever I tried, I ended up making flower bouquets and bird seed and other useless gags. Flo hit me in the head, then knocked me flat on my back. She would have speared me through the skull too, had I not been wearing the ring. A dome of feathery birds shielded me from attack. \"Drew San ,\" I heard a gruff sounding little brown bird chirping at me. \"Ask yourself! What is the meaning of ka-ra-te ?\" \"I don't know,\" I said. \"Kicking butt?\" \"No, Drew San. It means `open hand.'\" \"Open hand...\" I muttered. \"That's stupid.\" But then I thought about it a moment. \" Open hand! Of course!\" I focused all my thoughts on being powerful, bursting from the feathered dome in a brilliant explosion of light. The shockwave from the blast threw Flo onto the shingles, but she got up quickly, rushing at me with her trident. Instead of charging, I stepped back into a horse stance, raising my open palms. When the spear came to run me through, I struck with a hard rotary parry. Her weapon shot out of her grasp with a crack, whipping over the side of the building. When she dove after it, I jumped up on the ledge, knocking her the opposite direction with a wheel kick. My birds came to my aid, pelting her with their little bodies... and her birds too , since she didn't have the trident anymore. Still, we fought, hand to hand. The evil reptile jumped back, whipping out a glowing pentagram on a chain. \" Demons of the Shadow Realm! \" she called. \" Come to mine aid!\" Storm clouds darkened the sky above us, great boiling clouds like the mansion scene in Fright Night . Thunder rumbled, and a huge lightning bolt came down from the sky, electrifying the pendant. One of these days, someone is going to have to explain to me why demonic power in all these cartoons and movies comes from the sky. The roof cracked open, as if an earthquake had hit it, which also didn't make sense, because a hypothetical demon would still have to take an elevator to climb through the crack. I guessed there was a secondary crack in the basement or something, unless this was a crack in the fabric of space/time or the building had become the Shadow Realm. I suppose the glowing light inside the crack did hint at one of these possibilities. A thousand monsters of various shapes and sizes crawled out the whole, growling and cracking their knuckles as they leaped at me. \"Give up, Drew,\" Flo said. \"You're outnumbered and outgunned.\" \"I still have a spike,\" I said. \"So do I! And I'll have yours, the other two, and the one on top of that sign in no time!\" \"There's only one of you,\" I said. \"And I'm going to make sure you go down before I do!\" \"Kindred!\" she barked to her army. The demons growled and turned towards me. A pair of giants had already moved. In seconds, they would `castle' Flo, and I'd have no chance of destroying her. I clenched my fists, steeling myself for an offensive. Ka-boom! A tremendous explosion rocked the entire building, flooding the sky behind us with dazzling light. \"My trident!\" Flo screamed. \"No!\" All around me, light flickered as people and other beings were released from the spell. The lucky ones hit the roof, or hurriedly flapped to a landing, or flitted around close to the ground below. The others I could hear screaming all the way down, car windows shattering from the impact of their bodies on the metal rooftops, horns blaring, alarms going off. And then I found myself in the possession of a small army. Vikings. Post apocalyptic gunwomen. Dad, Amanda's mom, and the head of Cool World PD. Jessica, Misty, Whiskers... Not to mention the freaking Ninja Turtles, and Mr. \"I have always liked cowabunga.\" \"Funny,\" I said. \"I don't feel outnumbered.\" Amanda locked and loaded a rifle. \"Or outgunned.\" Although Flo had numbers, it was hardly a fair fight. I had roughly twenty two allies with me, more or less, plus some animated birds that were not Flo's creation. That meant we only had to slaughter about forty five generic looking demons and we'd save the world. Actually, less than that, with some turtle teamwork, and the spikes. The turtles clotheslined demons, grabbed one of their teammates and spun him around with weapon extended, knocking the monsters off the roof, then picked up a smaller demon and used him like a bowling ball against a group of larger ones. Splinter, of course, was amazing . Extra pecked the thugs off the roof, Amanda shot the enemy, Sneezer clubbed them, the Vikings went berserk, and Dane had her ax. Jessica, apparently, had found the glowing samurai sword, and was slicing through dozens of demons like paper. I treated my demons to a little Kung Fu action. While doing this, I must have turned back into a female rat, because Splinter kept staring at me. Someone hit him in the head, and he didn't even notice. Forcing myself to ignore him, I kicked my way to Flo. \"What's the reason for the sex change?\" she asked as I came near. \"You scared me away from the opposite sex.\" And I hit her with a flurry of Kung Fu moves. Crack. A demon staggered backwards as a police officer shot him. When I glanced that way, I saw a squadron of them. Nevada's finest. I suppose all the transforming and dead bodies and demons alerted them of the need to do something. I heard someone shout as a cop shot him. Not a demon, but animated. The cops couldn't tell the difference, apparently. Flo capitalized on my distraction, striking me in the face. I kicked and punched her backwards, toward the sign, with all its sparking scaffolds. I swept her feet out from under her, and when she fell, dad popped up behind her, yanking the spike out of her outfit by extending his arms like a cartoon character. When she turned around to attack him, I stepped in front of him and gave Flo something from both fists. The demons tried to stop me, barging in the way, attacking from the side, but, well, Splinter had my back, and Sneezer filled in when sensei was occupied, hacking them with a sword, occasionally sneezing them into gnomes or blowing fire out of his nostrils. I didn't want to admit it to myself, but I liked having two men trying to impress me. I guess it was being a damn female doodle for so long, but I couldn't exactly help it. I did my best work as a kimono wearing Kung Fu rat. The gun shots abruptly stopped, either because the demons killed all the cops, or the cops ran away. I hoped for the latter. I kicked Flo back, and as I did, a flock of doodle birds swarmed around her with animated rope. It was the glowing kind like Wonder Woman used, so she couldn't easily snap it...or lie, if it were literally Wonder Woman's lasso. I marched up to her, arms crossed behind my back, chest puffed out. \"So.\" I was about to tell her to stand down, to send her demons away, but I didn't get to. Jessica pushed her way past Master Splinter, slicing Flo's head off her body with her glowing sword. \"Nothing personal, Flo, you just really pissed me off.\" One by one, the demons exploded into black ash, the crack in the roof slowly closing up. \"There!\" Jessica said in a satisfied tone, sheathing her sword in the back of her bikini. \"Now we can all go home!\" I sighed in relief as I watched more demons scream and explode. \"Yeah. Let's go home.\" Of course, that was a problem, in and of itself. I'd just drank the `blue Kool-Aid', ruining the effect of the cure we had been working so hard to achieve. Also, my apartment door was damaged, its interior looted, and my car was sitting on four rims in Dane's driveway. Extra fluttered up to me with a spike in his beak, the spike that had previously been inside Flo's trident. \"Thanks,\" I muttered. Whiskers took it from me. \"We first need to put these spikes back in their rightful places.\" \"I'd hardly call some of those places `rightful,'\" Jessica replied. \"Reanimated Disney? Adolf Hitler's death weapon?\" She shook her head. \"I know some abandoned fallout shelters and other strategic locations we can use to permanently dispose of the spikes,\" Whiskers said. \"Give them to me. I'll take care of them.\" Jessica nodded. \"Good idea. I'll help.\" We looked at her funny for a moment. After all, her blundering with the spikes had nearly caused the end of the world. \"I'm a changed bird, I mean, girl . Changed girl. Flo has convinced me, this is too much power for anyone to have. The sooner we have these things buried under concrete, the better.\" Chad had come out of hiding, bouncing his baby. \"But Jessica! What about Misty's weapon? What about Master Blaster?\" She shook her head. \"Honey, this debacle has made me see the error of my ways.\" \"It hasn't made me see mine!\" Misty cried behind me. She was still an alien bird, wearing the crown. \"Misty!\" Jessica hissed. \"No! We're changed now!\" And she nodded towards the spike in my dad's hands. \" Really changed. \" Misty frowned. \"Oh...I suppose we've all changed.\" \"Tell you what,\" Jessica said to Whiskers. \"How about I accompany you , you know, help you bury the spikes?\" Whiskers shrugged. \"That sounds fine, I suppose. \" \"She did help me stop Holli last time,\" Dad admitted. And so he handed her the spike. \" Dad, \" I said. \"I don't think that's such a good idea.\" \"It'll be fine,\" Whiskers said to me. \"I'll be watching her the whole time.\" He pointed to the one tucked in my belt. \"We should bury yours as well.\" Swallowing, I handed it to him. \"Be careful. Watch her like a hawk.\" Whiskers laughed. \"Please. No bird metaphors. But I'll be careful.\" He reached into his coat, pulling out a little device that looked like a toaster with a Sega Saturn controller stuck into it, plugging the spike through the center. A shimmering portal opened in the air. \"Home awaits, my doodle friends! But you must hurry! We have pressing business to attend to!\" Dad patted me on the back. \"You did a great job, son.. .daughter . I'm proud of you.\" He stepped through the portal. Holli gave me a nod. \"You're a good man, just like your father. I'll continue working on the formula to cure you.\" I smiled. \"Thanks, Holli.\" Harris shook my hand. \"I gotta hand it to you, Deebes. I thought you were an asshole, but you proved me wrong. I guess, when you really think about it, some of the best men in the bible committed incest, and they turned out to be just as...good.\" \"Thanks,\" I groaned. \"I guess, coming from you, that, uh, means a lot.\" He clicked his teeth at me and stepped into Cool World. His spider friend also shook my hand. \"Great job, Sketch.\" \"It's Drew. \" \"Oh. Right.\" He tipped his bowler to me and left. \"So you say my boyfriend is in there somewhere?\" Dane asked. \"Yeah,\" I said. \"Go find Master Blaster.\" I didn't have to tell her twice. \"We'll go get the car,\" Riffraff said. \"Be with you in a minute.\" I furrowed my brow. \"How are you going to get it up here?\" He shrugged. \"We'll figure something out.\" Sneezer wrapped Cupcake up in a blanket. I'd have to do something with her eventually, I figured. Cleo smiled at me. \"You're a better guy than I took you for... but I like you better as a girl . Maybe if you stay that way we can have a little fun sometime?\" \"Um...\" I stammered. She laughed. \"Think about it.\" She and Riffraff marched past the portal, into the hotel. Jessica put a hand on Chad's shoulder. \"You should go home too, honey. It's been a long day. You need rest...and our babies need you.\" \"What about you?\" he asked. \"I'll be along in a little while. We'll have these spikes taken care of in no time.\" Chad nodded. \"See you back at the suite, passionflower! \" He and his baby vanished. Everyone else stayed. \"Very well.\" Whiskers made an adjustment to the device. \"If anyone else wants to leave now, say so before I shut it off.\" \"Splinter?\" Leonardo asked his sensei. Apparently reluctant to share his feelings, apparently, the rat simply said, \"I... am staying. \" The turtles agreed to stay with him. Whiskers reached for the shutoff switch. \"Then let us make haste to bury these blasted things.\" \"Wait,\" Jessica blurted. \"I need to get something real quick!\" Whiskers nodded. \"All right, but make it snappy. The longer we stay here with such immense power in our hands, the more chances there are for the power to be stolen and misused!\" The moment he had said the part about immense power, Jessica was already rushing up the scaffolding. I watched with horror as she climbed up on the hotel sign, yanking the spike out of the letter I. Black ooze erupted from its interior like a geyser. With spike in hand, Jessica sped back down, ripping the fifth spike out of the professor's device with a mischievous \"Yoink!\" She grabbed Misty by the arm, and the two leapt through the portal just seconds before a colossal tidal wave of black ooze blanketed the roof in a massive flood.[Chapter 84] The moment I saw that black tidal wave, I knew I was screwed. My first impulse was to run into the hotel, though, of course, it wouldn't have protected me any. I could see it now, the elevator going down floor by floor, doors opening to flood each hallway in a way similar to that blood river scene from the Shining ...and The Simpsons . Either that, or the scene from Creepshow where the guy yells \"I beat you!\" and the oil slick swallows him up. My second impulse was to wonder where Cupcake's body went to. None of us on the rooftop had a chance to do much of anything. The wave blasted us over the sides of the building, rushing down its walls like a waterfall, a cataract of sludge. I could have sworn I saw a spiky blue hedgehog being swept away with it, his mouth calling for help in slow motion, but I could have imagined it. There were a lot of weird animated shapes emerging from that gunk. I had reverted to human, which made it that much harder to stop my fall. As I flipped head over feet, catching alternating flashes of the darkened sky and the Las Vegas Club, I adjusted my signet ring, focusing on bird thoughts. I turned into Bird King, but I maintained that mouse brown feathered body only a few seconds before squawking and dropping several stories. I saw hotel rooms and the Golden Gate casino as I flipped. I willed my bird subjects to come forth and save me, and my friends if they were able, but nothing happened. We kept falling. My whole life flashed before my eyes. I briefly pondered the inconsistency of my memories, such as how I could remember being a toddler and turning animated, yet remember seeing dad eating hot dogs and pooh poohing my drawings, when I shouldn't have seen him at all after the Vegas incident. He was out of prison , and gone , wasn't he? That's when I remembered: I wasn't in the real world when I showed dad my drawings. He had taken me to meet my sister in Cool World, hanging out in that painting he called a house. A trick of my brain, like how I had a false memory of my mother and dad coming to my high school graduation when it was really grandma and a school teacher. Because mom and dad didn't actually come. Or how we had a Bring Your Family to Work day at my job, and I only thought mom stopped by to see me at my job. The person had been, in fact, someone else's mother. Was this a sign of getting old, or did my brain always wallpaper over really depressing things to make me feel better? Oh well, I was going to die anyway. I heard that Harris was once human, that a doodle pushed him off this very building, turning him into a doodle through death. Would being pushed off the roof by a wall of animated sludge work the same way? When I looked below, I could see the victims of Flo's insanity. The people that weren't screaming and running from the flood of `crude' were either doodle-fied or dead. I saw one corpse flat on the smashed roof of a BMW, legs sticking through the broken windshield. Yet, oddly enough, I could also see cartoon characters of ordinary people groaning and getting up from the sidewalks next to them, like they were recovering from a fall from a shorter height. There didn't seem to be a rhyme or reason for which ones got to live. This did not comfort me any. I screamed as the ground came rushing up at me. The sludge beat me to the ground. The wave appeared to only be a couple feet deep, but when I fell into it, it was like six or twelve. I guess it shouldn't have surprised me, as Daffy Duck could jump off a mile high diving board into a glass of water without serious injury. When I splashed down, I saw a dormouse and a dodo and a mock turtle paddling past the submerged limousine in the porte-cochère. The liquid washed me down the driveway, and I was out on the Fremont Street Experience, fighting against the current as I drifted beneath that weird vaulted ceiling thing. I grabbed a lamp post, climbing up on a police car. \"Drew!\" I heard my sister shouting. \"Up here!\" Sneezer and the Turtles stood on the awning above the Golden Gate, next to that big sign shaped like an exclamation point. \"How did you get up there?\" \"Take the Meat Stairs!\" I looked around and found a spongy red staircase with a stupid looking one toothed face on the bottom rung, which floated like a buoy on the black liquid. Meatwad from Aqua Teen Hungerforce , apparently. \"Yeah,\" I groaned. \"Great.\" When I reached the top, and crossed that awning, I suddenly realized that my sister looked different. She was completely animated, like she did when we first met, at the Halftone Club. Maybe it was due to me seeing her so much as a real human, but that sexy bunny costume seemed so much better as ink and paint. \"Amanda,\" I said. \"You're animated. \" \"You're staring ,\" said she. I had been Cartoon Drew at the time, and yes, I had been. \"Sorry,\" I stammered. \"I...\" \"You like me better as a doodle, don't you?\" \"I...well... you looked nice as a noid, too. \" \"But you like this version of me better.\" I couldn't exactly deny it. \" Well... \" \"What do you like about this that you didn't like about my other form?\" I fumbled for the words. \"Is my noid form just not sexy enough? What?\" \"Honestly?\" \"Yes. Honestly.\" I swallowed. \"I don't feel as guilty about sleeping with my sister when she's animated.\" Amanda frowned. \"But if we do it now, I'll be just like I was. Half doodle, always changing all the time. A freak. \" She sighed. \"I work so hard to turn human, and look what happens to me!\" My sister started crying. Feeling sorry, I put my arm around her. She turned and kissed me on the mouth. Immediately, I turned into kimono rat, pulling away. \"Great,\" she groaned. \"I'm not only one hundred percent doodle, but I also made the only man who ever slept with me switch teams.\" She yanked me in close, kissing me again. When I remained a rat, she blurted, \"Nothing?\" \"You're really pretty,\" I blurted in a high pitched squeal. \"Not as pretty as you,\" Splinter purred, kissing my hand, I mean, paw . :Little hearts popped out of my kimono. \"Sensei,\" said the sword bearing turtle with the blue headband. \"I'm happy that you've finally found someone you like, but she was male just a few seconds ago.\" \"I do not judge,\" Splinter said. \"She is beautiful, and her Kung Fu skills are equal to my own.\" I found myself blushing. Leonardo rolled his eyes. \" Okay... \" He walked away, muttering to the other turtles. \"I thought it was bad enough when Holli ruined things,\" Whiskers muttered as he stared at the carnage. I looked around for Sneezer, and found him leaning over the awning, peering down at something. Puzzled, I stared down with him...after admiring his hindquarters for a moment. Below us, I could see a group of dancer girls in black bikinis floating on a table from some restaurant. The girls were animated, and all looked like mice, but when Sneezer wrapped his tail around a letter on the light up sign and dropped down to say hi, they all screamed and dove in the ooze to swim away. Despite being rodents, they were scared. I guess they hadn't looked in a mirror. Well, except for one, who waved and said, \"Hi, cutie!\" until the other girls grabbed her and dragged her off. Following this, the alligator from the sewer swam past. I pretended not to see her, creeping back from the edge. \"Master, what's that?\" I heard Extra saying from my shoulder. I looked up to where his wing pointed, and saw a giant jukebox floating across the sky. \"It's more wackiness. Nothing surprises me at this point.\" The bird whistled the theme song to Saint Elsewhere . I frowned at him. \"What now?\" \"Nothing, master. I'm just nervous.\" \"I think we're all nervous, Extra.\" He smiled at me. \"You are such a good and wise king. And queen . I would be sorry if you ever left.\" I gave him a smile, rubbing his head. \"Is something going on out here?\" came a sleepy voice from my kimono top. I looked down and saw Mack Daddy wiggling out of the folds. \"Uh, just the end of the world.\" \"Oh.\" He crawled back into my clothes. \"Hey!\" I cried, but he had gone back into Hammerspace or something, I guess. \"What do we do?\" Amanda asked me. \"I don't know. Practice our swimming techniques?\" I stared at the growing sea, thinking about my apartment, my job, my bank account. For once, it didn't turn me real. I just changed into Cartoon Drew. \"What would you do if this all went back to normal?\" she asked. I didn't have an immediate reply to this. I had other things on my mind. My apartment didn't have much of anything left in it but clothes, someone was probably draining my bank account down to the last penny, which wouldn't be terribly hard to do after the clocks and the rent check. Come to think of it, even if they revoked the provisional credit, those fraudulent checks could still get me evicted. So all I had left was my job, and my ID badge was in a car sitting on four flat tires. \"I've still got a largely unblemished attendance record at work. I could probably stay with mom until I got all this stuff sorted out.\" \"That's a little extreme, don't you think?\" I shrugged. \"Someone went to a lot of extremes to ruin my life.\" \"I'm sorry. That wasn't my intention.\" \"No, no, not you. Never you. Someone else. \" Though as the words came out my mouth, I wondered. I told her about the apartment and everything. \"Oh. Well... if you ever need a place to stay , you can always stay with me. \" She seemed way too eager. \"Thanks,\" I muttered. I glanced at Splinter. \"Where's your Power Wagon?\" Sensei shook his head. \"Someone pushed it over on its side while we were birds.\" \"What about April?\" \"My sons were just discussing this.\" Sons , I thought. If me and Splinter got together, I'd be...Leonardo's mom? I had a visual of tucking the turtle in at night. I tried not to think about it again. ...And really hoped it didn't appear in a thought bubble above my head. \"They are planning to make a raft,\" Splinter said. \"Although I do not wish to break the law by breaking windows and stealing furniture, it may be the only way to get materials for this... device .\" I heard a low puttering sound, then a honk. I leaned over the awning. It was the Cat-Illac approaching... in boat mode . It docked at the Meat Stairs. Riffraff stood on the hood, waving to us. \"Anybody need a ride?\" he called through a horn he'd removed from his Viking helmet. Immediately one of the dancing girls climbed up on the trunk. \"Not you!\" he cried. She smiled and waved, so he let it pass... ...Until a green bear in a blackjack dealer's outfit climbed aboard with her. \"Okay, her , but definitely not you .\" \"He's my boyfriend,\" the dancer said. The cat rubbed his face in frustration. \"Fine.\" He waved to us frantically, the nonverbal message being, \"Hurry before we take on more unwanted guests.\" I rushed down the Meat Stairs, the rest of my team following close behind, quickly jumping aboard the car. Once we were all inside the vehicle, Meatwad resumed his normal spherical shape, staining the upholstery orange as he climbed in the back seat. \"Oh gee thanks, meatball!\" Riffraff complained. \"As if the car isn't dirty enough!\" \"My name is Meatwad, man!\" the creature said. \"Meatwad!\" Then he looked depressed, muttering, \" I wish Boxy Brown were here. He'd show you who's boss...\" He then busied himself playing some handheld video game about dressing up dolls. \"Where to?\" Cleo called from behind the wheel. \"Did you see a green wagon around here?\" I asked. \"One with a shell on the roof?\" The Viking bride gazed back at the Plaza Hotel. \" Maybe... \" She turned the vehicle around, aiming toward the waterfall of inky liquid. \"Would you mind swinging by my apartment?\" the bear asked. \"Becky's mother is coming over tonight, and I want to get the place cleaned up.\" \"This isn't a taxi,\" Cleo said. When she noticed Riffraff staring at the dancer, she slapped him. \"What.\" Instead of replying, his wife's eyes bugged out, her jaw literally dropping to the floor. \"Honey, is something wrong?\" Riffraff asked. When he looked ahead, his jaw dropped too. We no longer saw a simple waterfall of black sludge coming down the side of the Union Plaza. It was now a creature , a fifty foot human shaped blob, with long bulging arms and feet like willow tree roots. As we stared, the level of ooze around the vehicle decreased, the liquid flowing into those enormous legs. \"Drew,\" Amanda hissed, pointing to the creature's right arm. I looked up and saw a tiny green cube clutched in its fist. \"Guys,\" I said. \"I think I've spotted your Power Wagon.\" Extra flew up in the air, indicating a yellow suited figure danging from the vehicle's back end. \". ..And April. \" \"We're screwed,\" said Michelangelo. I nodded. \"That's putting it mildly.\" 'Wait, guys,\" Donatello said. \"In the past we've fought lots of giant things. Shredder made giant robots, and enlarged animals and people to the size of Godzilla, I mean, Gorgonzola , so they could destroy New York. The question is, what is this creature's weakness?\" \"A lit match?\" Raphael suggested. \"No,\" said Whiskers. \"If it were that simple, I would have taken care of the problem years ago, when Holli removed the spike the first time. This isn't oil.\" \"Dude,\" Michelangelo muttered. \"I think what this thing needs is a giant assed sponge , maybe some Dawn soap.\" \"That's great,\" I said. \"Except you're not going to find a giant sponge on the Vegas Strip.\" \"You sure? I think I saw a giant casino chip down there...\" I shook my head. \"Which reminds me. Are any of the casinos still open?\" \"Can you please explain to me how you turtles get money to begin with? That part never made sense to me.\" \"E-trade,\" said Raphael. \"That's not an answer.\" \"I've got it,\" Donatello said. \"We'll go back through Ewes Bank, grab a giant sponge from Cool World, and come back out here to face it down.\" \"Sounds like a plan,\" I said. \"Can we please stop by my apartment?\" Becky asked. \"I need to take the puppy out!\" We ignored her. \"What about April?\" Leonardo cried. \"We can't just leave her up there!\" \"She's animated . She'll live. And even if she wasn't, she's got a river of slime to break her fall.\" Leonardo paid no attention to me, maybe because I broke the fourth wall or something. \"We've got to rescue her!\" Cleo motored toward the creature, until it loomed directly above us. While this happened, Sneezer introduced himself to Becky. She giggled, seeming to enjoy the attention, but Mr. Green Bear was not amused, especially when `Cave Mouse' put his paw on the girl's thigh. My pal ended up getting punched in the face so hard that he flew overboard. He kept his paws to himself after that. \"All right, turtles,\" Leonardo said as he stood on the car hood. \"Here's the plan. We use our weapons to scale this thing, we grab April, and we book the shell out of here.\" \"That plan sucks,\" I said. \"You got a better one?\" he challenged. \"Yeah. We just went over it. She's animated, ergo she can't get hurt.\" Leonardo responded by shouting, \"Turtle power!\" and jumping at the creature with both swords, climbing up its leg, sword stab by sword stab. The other turtles cheered and followed him. \"This is... a bad idea,\" Splinter muttered. The blob kicked our car, and a huge black wave threw us into the Golden Gate casino. The car fell sideways and dumped us. For a few minutes, we struggled to keep afloat, but then Cleo pushed something on the bottom of the car, and it righted itself, pumping the ooze out of a series of drains in the floor. We all climbed back in, motoring through the building's interior, a maze of restaurants, half submerged one armed bandits, blackjack tables and Romanesque decor. The sludge had interfered with the electrical appliances, so it was dark. Down the hallway, I could see the bikini mice paddling their table, muttering about how they'd get paid during all this. Becky waved and shouted to them, and the girls chatted and laughed about the whole thing. Sneezer drooled and stared at the mice. He would have fallen out had Amanda not grabbed his tail and pulled him back. Crowds of cartoon ducks and amphibians with touristy clothes swam by. All of a sudden, I heard a curious sounding whistle. \"Hey! Kupo!\" A fat white ball of fur flew towards us, a thing with cat ears, tiny bat wings and a stupid looking blob of red fuzz dangling above its head on a stalk like some kind of anglerfish. I could discern its features quite well because it clutched a glowing piece of sculpture in its tiny little feet. \"Hey!\" the bear laughed. \"Isn't that the thing from Final Fantasy?\" I ignored him. The object in the creature's feet looked sort of like a goblet, except its bottom slanted off, making it a mystery how it held a swirling ball of clear liquid in its center. \"Kupo! You're going to need this!\" Seeing that it addressed me, I frowned at the creature. \"My name isn't kupo. It's Drew. \" \"Very well, kupo . But you're still going to need this.\" I stared at the water. \"What is it?\" \"It's myrrh,\" the creature replied. \"Myrrh!\" I said. \"That's the stinky perfume they put on dead bodies! And plus, myrrh is supposed to be brown , not clear. I ask you again, what is this?\" \"I do not understand the question, kupo. This is finest myrrh from the big weeping willow trees around our magical land.\" \"What the hell am I supposed to do with that ?\" The creature shrugged. \"I am tired of carrying this chalice, kupo. You take it for awhile.\" \"No,\" I said. \"Stick it up your butt.\" \"I don't think it would fit inside my butt, kupo.\" \"C'mon, you stupid floating blob! What am I supposed to do with this?\" \"Destroy the miasma , kupo.\" \"You mean the sludge? This is just a ball of water.\" \"No it is not. Try it, kupo.\" As an experiment, I stuck my index finger into it. When it came back out, it became solidly human, while the rest of my body was animated. I had a finger of fleshy human skin. \"It's a cure!\" I cried. \"I could use this to make myself human forever!\" \"Maybe, kupo,\" the puff ball said. \"But you would not save the world!\" \"Look at what it's doing, Drew!\" The professor pointed to the masses of ink blobs. \"The mog is right! This may be the solution we need!\" Sure enough, the stuff was clearing, folding back, retreating. So was my animated form, but I wasn't complaining. \"So what do you suggest?\" \"If we can get that myrrh close enough to that creature, we may be able to destroy it for good.\" \"All right. It seems straightforward enough. We only need to drop this into the sludge we're sitting in, and it's all gone.\" \"Actually, no, kupo,\" the mog said. \"That will only destroy part of it. You need to destroy the head. \" \"Destroy the head,\" I repeated skeptically. \"Yes, kupo. There is a red eye. You must hit the eye with this chalice to destroy the miasma.\" That's when I saw a black wall closing over the entrance, throwing everything into darkness. \"And you can't just smash it into that wall and kill it that way.\" \"No, kupo.\" \"Well, shit.\" \"Only if it helps you save the world, kupo.\" The ooze was not exactly harmful. I'd gone swimming in it. \"So,\" I said. \"Let's rev up and drive through that junk.\" \"I'm not sure you want to do that, Drew,\" Amanda said. \"You saw what that thing did to the turtles' van. What if we boat right into its fist or something?\" In answer, I held the chalice above the liquid, and it shrank away, causing the Cat Boat to dip sideways, due to the displaced fluid. \"Oh. Maybe that will work.\" I climbed out on the hood, holding the object over my head as Cleo gunned the engine. I felt incredibly silly until we reached the wall of ooze and a hole opened in its surface like someone dropping a dab of soap on a grease spot. It actually was a fist. And when we passed through it, another fist raised up and tried to smash us. Riffraff threw his ax in the giant's direction, but a pair of hands popped out of the ooze, flinging the ax back with such force that it stuck in Cleo's headrest. Becky squealed in terror, but the green bear clutched her to his waistcoat protectively. Riffraff said something he would never say on Saturday morning TV. Cleo sped up, swerving the car boat around to escape the creature. I climbed onto the trunk, holding up the chalice to protect the vehicle. \"What am I supposed to do?\" I called to the mog. \"Throw this thing?\" \"Only if your arms are really strong, kupo.\" \"My sons...\" Splinter said. I glanced around, but couldn't see the turtles anywhere. \"I'm sorry, sensei.\" \" Yamato , please,\" he said in a warm tone, because I was turning into Rat Girl again. I blushed a little. \"I'm sorry, Yamato. I don't think they made it.\" \"My sons are strong. Other things have appeared to kill them before.\" \" Yeah, \" I agreed. I frowned at the chalice, then at the beast. \"How am I supposed to get this... up there ? I don't have a cannon or a slingshot or anything.\" \"We do have something.. .\" Amanda said. I stared at her. \"Like what?\" My sister folded down the rear seat, pulling a blue baseball bat out of the trunk. \"I thought we might play again sometime, you know... for old time's sake... \" \"You really think I can knock this thing out of the park.\" \" Well, \" she said, turning a bit pink. \" Not really... \" \"You're hoping for spectacular failure, then.\" \"Well, if you can save the world, it would be nice, but if you can't. ..\" She slid a hand down her thigh. \" I understand. \" I sighed. \"No pressure, then.\" \"I...would find it infinitely sexier if you could, in fact, save the world,\" said Splinter. I swallowed hard, not quite sure if that were an incentive, or a reason not to try. \"Wait. You're a ninja , with lots of heroic world saving under your belt. Why can't you do this?\" Splinter shook his head. \"I fear...if I touch that liquid, I will be no more.\" \"Drew...\" Whiskers said. \"In your animated form, you should be able to emulate doodle baseball players enough to send that chalice flying!\" I took a deep breath. \"You're right. I can do this.\" \"I'm counting on you,\" Splinter said. \"I'll pretend I didn't hear that.\" The moment I lifted the chalice for a practice toss, I discovered a problem. My body became human the moment I tried to swing. \"It's no use!\" I cried. \"There's no way I can knock this thing up in the air that far!\" I handed Amanda the bat, but she refused to take it. \"This is your second chance, Drew. Your opportunity to show Riffraff up!\" \"That's right!\" the squat Viking agreed. \"In fact, if you can knock that chalice right into that monster's face, I'll forget the whole slavery thing and let you live happily ever after with... whoever you want , in your little bird kingdom.\" \"Thanks. I actually like your incentive the best.\" He grinned, pretending to shine an invisible medal on his chest. I looked down at my hands and groaned. \"That still begs the question of how .\" \"Drew...\" Amanda reached in between her breasts, pulling out a thermos. Hammer space. \"I think you're going to need to drink this.\" I took the bottle, staring at it with apprehension. \"It always seems to come down to this, doesn't it?\" \"Drew, I know you want to regain your normal human form, but you're not a professional baseball player. I don't think you have a chance without this stuff.\" \"But that's just it! I don't have a chance with the stuff! If I drink that stuff and turn fully doodle, I won't be able to touch the chalice, will I? I'll be just like you!\" \"There's a chance your noid physiology will remain in your body, even after ingesting the concentrated doodle essence,\" Whiskers said. \"And the added strength should be enough to launch the myrrh.\" \"How about I just get Meatwad to make himself into a tower and I go up there and drop the myrrh on the monster's head?\" \"No way man!\" said the red blob. \"Leave me out of this!\" He squished himself into the trunk. The towering blob loomed closer. \"Damn,\" I growled, unscrewing the thermos lid. I didn't drink the whole bottle, but I did drink roughly a cup. I heard the Popeye theme song playing from somewhere. The flavor was rather bland, kind of burnt tasting, with something like dirt floating in it. I choked it down anyway. We sped between Binions and the Golden Nugget. The liquid became choppy due to the wind and the creature stirring up waves. I wasn't so much standing on the Cat-Illac as surfing on it. And I was supposed to hit a...sculpture out of the ballpark from there . Not really, Amanda said. All I could do was give this my best shot and hope for the best. I raised the chalice and found my ink and paint hands rapidly disintegrating. I had to work fast. I waited for the giant to come closer, tossed the `cup' into the air, imagining myself as Casey At Bat as I gave it my most vigorous swing. This was it. The fate of the entire world depended on a one half second swing of a baseball bat. Crack. The bat connected with the chalice, sending it high in the air. I was actually astonished. I'd never knocked a ball or anything as far as I hit that cup. Of course, it would mean nothing if I missed and hit a `foul.' I watched with breathless anxiety as the object arced skyward, rising above the giant's head. Foul ball. The object missed, flying off at an angle. In an instant, it would shoot harmlessly over the thing's shoulder, smash on the ground, and the world would never be normal again. Did I say foul? I meant fowl ball. You know those idiotic buzzards from all those Warner Brothers cartoons? The kind of retarded ones with the crossed eyes and the dinner bibs? One of them just so happened to get in the chalice's path. Here's what I expected: The chalice breaks open, completely obliterating the mentally challenged buzzard guy, the giant gets a little sprinkle on the shoulder, he gets pissed off, and the world ends. Instead, the chalice bounced off, flying back in my direction. As if that wasn't enough of a suspension of the laws of physics, a second buzzard swooped down from a nearby hotel, bouncing the chalice back the other way, at an angle. The chalice hit the monster square in the face, shattering in a burst of broken glass and glowing liquid. Why it didn't shatter on the buzzards, I don't know. I'm still trying to figure out how my signet ring caused all that to happen. What I saw next reminded me of that special effect they used on Freddy when he got buried in the third Elm Street movie. A magical glowing effect where you see a bunch of brilliant light while the bad guy's body disappears into thin air. Cleo stopped the Catboat, turning around to stare at it. The light burned through the majority of the giant's torso in a matter of seconds, then rushed downwards like someone dropping a lit match into gasoline. The wave of energy flowed backwards, rushing up the circle drive of the Union Plaza. At the same time, a secondary wave rushed forward in our direction. \"Quick question. Anyone can answer. Tell me, what happens when that glowing light comes in contact with something that isn't a glob of black slime?\" In reply, Cleo started up our vehicle, stomping the pedal to the floor. Our boat rushed down the Vegas Strip, swerving back and forth to avoid floating cars, or the reaching tendrils of glowing light. The level of liquid became shallower and shallower the further we got from the stuff, to the point where we ran aground, and nearly got vaporized during the time consuming process of making the wheels pop back out. We neared the school. I could see the U.S. Bank building across the street. Cleo gunned the engine, swerved and the Cat-Illac smashed through the revolving glass door at the entrance of the building, rocketed into the lobby, bowling over a crowd of corporate sheep in business casuals. With her foot still pressing the pedal down all the way, Cleo drove us around the security desk, slowing to a stop only when we made it around the corner, right in front of Pete's training classroom. It appeared our tires were puncture proof. \"Oh good Lord,\" Pete said as he stepped out of his classroom. \"Do you have to park that here ?\" \"It's only for a few moments,\" I said. \"Until we finish saving the world.\" Pete laughed. \"Good one! I like the sense of humor, Drew! But seriously. Could you get that thing out of here ASAP?\" \"Sure,\" I groaned. \" You should see the lobby ,\" Sneezer said with a naughty grin. Pete rubbed his face in frustration. \"I really don't want to know.\" He returned to his room. Fearful that the glowing light had not finished its work, I climbed out of the vehicle, hurrying to the lobby. I saw a brilliant flash, and the lobby emptied of everything animated, with no evidence that it had ever been there. I waited, but nothing else happened. It seemed the coast was clear. I sighed in relief. \"Looks like we've just saved the world!\" \"Not quite,\" Whiskers said. \"We still need to recover the five spikes.\" Amanda squeezed my hand. \"You didn't fail, but I'm not as disappointed as I thought I'd be. I'm not turned on, but I am proud.\" \"Um, thanks ,\" I said, a little embarrassed. Splinter cleared his throat. \"I, unlike her, was indeed turned on.\" I blanched. Riffraff pulled out an official looking scroll, ripping it up with his claws. \"My friend, you are officially emancipated!\" \"Thank you. I'm never gambling again.\" Cleo muttered something to her husband, giving him an elbow. \" About that.. .We, uh, knew you'd lose that bet from the beginning.\" \"Well that makes two of us,\" I muttered. \"Which is why I'm glad I'm finally free from our agreement.\" \"Actually.. .There actually wasn't a wager or slavery contract at all. We just said there was, to make your sister happy, and keep you in Cool World.\" \"What!\" I cried. \"I felt sorry for Amanda,\" Cleo said. \"So I did what I could to make sure you'd stay with her.\" I glared at them in disgust, scowled at my sister. Amanda started crying. I sighed, shaking my head. \"Come here...\" I hugged her. She immediately kissed me on the mouth. I transformed into rat girl out of reflex. Amanda pulled away quickly, but now Splinter was smiling at me. \"You did an excellent job.\" And he slapped me on the butt. My emotions got so confused that I didn't respond, except to say, \"We, uh, should find your sons.\" The moment I said this, a little red helicopter, similar to the type featured in Mad Max movies, descended in front of the smashed in entrance, bearing four green creatures and a female in a yellow jumpsuit. Sensei ran out to greet them. I stared down at my hands, depressed at how I had abandoned my humanity. I did a double take. My hands were human, not animated. The rest of my body was animated rat. Some effect of the chalice? Although happy to not lose my hands, it still depressed me. I'm stuck like this forever! I thought. The moment I dwelled on this, and thought about my job and apartment, I suddenly turned all the way human. \"The hell?\" I cried. \"I'm not complaining, but didn't I drink pure cartoon essence?\" Amanda blushed. \"I didn't want to tell you, but I accidentally gave you the wrong thermos. You only drank a bunch of old coffee.\"[Chapter 85] I wasn't permanently a doodle! It was all placebo effect! I got so overwhelmed with joy that I pressed my muzzle against my sister's lips and gave her a French kiss, stopping only when she started undressing me. \"Okay. Let's...not go there,\" I squeaked. \" I was just happy. \" \"I was too,\" she said in low breathy tones. \"Really really happy.\" I swallowed, deciding to change the subject. \"How come you're a solid doodle still, instead of totally human? I mean, look at me, I'm back to the way I was...\" \"My mouth was open when that wave hit me,\" Amanda said. \"I thought I would drown, I swallowed so much.\" I frowned. \"So...I really could have just scooped some of that stuff into my mouth, if I wanted to get doodle powers and stuff.\" \"Yeah. I'm not sure why I didn't think of it, but it's a good thing I didn't. Who knows if you would have been able to hit that chalice like that if you were a complete doodle?\" I nodded. \"You're right.\" I briefly wondered what would happen if I slept with her again, but decided it would only make her a quarter doodle and me not human, so I tried not to think about it again. I turned my attention to Whiskers. \"There's something I don't understand. I would have missed that giant thing, if not for those buzzards bouncing it into his head like pinball bumpers. It seemed... awfully convenient . I just don't understand how or why it happened. Any ideas?\" \" One... \" The professor took a device resembling an RC car controller out of his labcoat pocket. \"Did you see the collars?\" I frowned. I did see collars around those buzzards' necks. \"So you have bird powers too?\" Whiskers laughed. \"Not exactly . it's just an invention . You see, I baited those buzzards with the carcass of a dead chipmunk, fitted them with those collars, and have been trying to summon them with this device ever since Flo's spell was broken. My guess is they found their way into the noid world through this very bank.\" \"Wait,\" I said. \"What happened to all those people who turned doodle after Flo killed them, you know, knocked them off the roof and everything?\" Whiskers just sighed and shook his head. \"I'm sorry.\" \"Are you aware that this is private property?\" a voice called from the double staircase. I looked up. A purple haired doodle clad in a white furry one piece bikini with a collar, long fuzzy sleeves and furry dog ears stared back at me through her round glasses. Her purple boots stomped fiercely down the steps, gloved hands clamping the railing tight with anger. She must have noticing me ogling her, or the little hearts floating out of my body, for she glared at me. \"You are trespassing. Please vacate these premises at once, or I will be forced to call security.\" I swallowed, fumbling for words. \"I'm Drew Deebes. I...used to work here. I...\" The female adjusted something on her glasses several times, like they were binoculars or computers or something. \"Ah yes. The executive indiscretion. You will enter the Disciplinary Matrix immediately, and meet with Mr. Guillotte this evening to go over the rest of the material you missed.\" \"Yes, ma'am,\" I squeaked without understanding the order. \"The rest of you trespassers must leave at once, or I will contact the authorities.\" \"In case you haven't noticed,\" Amanda said. \"The world almost ended out there.\" \"We came in here for safety,\" I stammered. \"Sorry about the mess, by the way. This thing was about to wipe us all out of existence, so we were in a hurry to get in.\" The stranger reddened, quickly marching to the lobby to survey the damage. As she passed me, she caught me admiring the seam lines on her costume. \"Mr. Deebes, I understand you have been absent for the majority of your training class, but that is no excuse for your behavior. Please refer to page 105 in the Employee Handbook regarding our sexual harassment policy.\" I looked away quickly. \"Sorry.\" When she saw the mess we made, she slapped her left breast, and a pair of antennae and a microphone shot out of her neck like Brain's collar on Inspector Gadget . \"Sarah Botts to security!\" she cried, the microphone amplifying her voice to a booming volume. \"Drones assemble!\" In seconds, a group of large unfriendly looking Battletech robots surrounded us. \"The responsible parties will accompany me to the Legal Prosecution Matrix.\" \"So either way we're entering the matrix,\" I muttered. \"Only the responsible parties.\" Sarah clapped her hands, and one of the `mechs' smashed the Cat-Illac flat, wadded it into a ball, and devoured it with a robotic belch. \"My baby!\" Riffraff cried. Cleo wasn't happy either. \"Hey! That was our ride!\" Sarah only shrugged indifferently. A tick-like robot crawled down Sarah's shoulder, wrapped around her arm, and transformed into a cannon. In one quick motion, she shot both Riffraff and Cleo with a glowing beam. They froze in mid movement, expressions of surprise locked on their faces as they floated a foot above the floor. Sarah pointed the weapon at me, and I was blinded by dazzling green light. When my eyes focused, I found myself staring up at a ceiling made of twisted branches and shiny objects. I was naked. No. Wait. I was in... diapers . Still, mostly naked . I lay in a nest , that very same bed-like nest that the bird queen had tried to force me into sharing earlier. Speaking of which...a blue, similarly clad cartoon figure held me in her arms, bare feathery breasts pressed against my unclothed skin. A yellow beak nuzzled against my neck. My first thought was, Oh God. How did this happen? \"Cupcake?\" She smiled and nodded. I pulled back with a start. \"Cupcake! You're alive!\" She batted her eyelashes at me, gazing lovingly into my eyes as she opened her mouth to speak. \"Unexcused absences,\" she said in Sarah's voice. \"Absences are not permitted during introductory training periods, for any reason. Disciplinary action may include restriction of pay and penalties up to and including early termination, as determined by management.\" I screamed. The moment the sound escaped my lips, I found myself waking up in a desk in the Ewes Bank training room. Apparently I'd been sleeping. I sat up with a start. A group of Serta mattress sheep laughed at me. A bearded face looming over me. \"Having a nice sleep, Woolma ?\" I looked around myself in confusion, prompting more laughter. I glanced down and saw I was covered in white wool, and I wore a bright yellow dress. \"Oh good Lord,\" I muttered, not really surprised at all. Pete cleared his throat. \"Ms. Lamb, can you please explain to the class what the acronym FDCPA stands for?\" \"Fair Debt Collection Practices Act,\" I blurted. It was a good thing I used to work collections. \"ECOA.\" \"Equal Credit Opportunity Act.\" My voice came out sounding like a little girl, but again that was nothing earth shatteringly new. \"Explain it,\" he said. And so I did. \"Describe an example of misrepresentation.\" I could have been a smartass and said \"You as a teacher,\" but I instead gave him a serious answer. He asked me a few more things, like what a deceptive practice was, spousal laws, and how to verify and account. I was a little rusty, but even my fumbled answers seemed to be satisfactory enough. Pete stared at me, seemingly at a loss for words. At last he laughed and said, \"I've gotta hand it to you, Ms. Lamb. You've actually convinced me that you learn better with your head on your desk!\" I heard somebody clapping. Everyone in the room froze like sculptures in a museum. Ms. Pantless Furry Jumpsuit materialized in front of my desk. Clap clap clap. \"I believe I have underestimated you, Deebes. You're an idiot savant. Why didn't you notify management that you weren't... feeling challenged ?\" I shrugged. \"The nail that sticks out the most gets hammered.\" She frowned. \"So you're an alcoholic.\" \"No, no. I meant if you stick out, you often get nailed.\" Sarah rolled her eyes. \"You needn't worry about that . You're really not my type.\" I gave up on the metaphors. \"Can you please release me from the Matrix now?\" \"It's not The Matrix. It's the Disciplinary Action Matrix.\" \"Okay, okay,\" I groaned. \"It's like the Matrix but not as cool. Got it. Can I go please?\" She snapped her fingers and the classroom was gone. I blinked, and I stood in a courtroom, amidst an audience of felines and familiar doodles. To my left, I saw Amanda and Splinter, to the right, Sneezer, Mungo, and a flock of cartoon birds. Riffraff and Cleo sat in the defendants' box, with Hector serving as attorney. Hector looked strange in a suit, especially with a Viking helmet as an accessory, but nothing surprised me. The prosecution consisted of a sheep, Ms. Botts and a little pink rabbit, with Harvey Birdman as lawyer. A horned demonic bulldog from the Dogface cartoon served as judge. \"I have a sneaky suspicion this isn't going to be a fair trial,\" I muttered to my sister. \"It could be worse,\" she whispered. \"The prosecution could have been Two Face. \" On cue, the deformed Batman villain stood up, trading places with Harvey. Two Face had on his trademark two color tux, black and business-like on one side, party on the other, the mutant side of his face leering at us as the other gave a bemused smirk. He idly flipped a quarter. \"Oops,\" Amanda said with an embarrassed blush. \"I shouldn't have said that out loud.\" It seemed the Legal Action Matrix `had us'. The judge banged his gavel, ordering the court to silence. \"The defendant stands accused of causing property damages to the Ewes Bank company in excess of two hundred thousand dollars, as well as the erasure of several valued employees. How does the defendant plead?\" \"Not guilty, your honor,\" Riffraff said. \"That property damage was done out of self preservation.\" Judge Bulldog growled in annoyance. \"How can you possibly claim innocence when you just admitted to causing the property damage?\" \"Your honor, if I may...\" Hector said. \"The defense attorney may speak,\" the judge sighed. \"Before I begin deliberations...\" Hector said, marching before a jury box filled with kangaroos. \"I'd like to do an impression of Donald Trump.\" Removing, his Viking helmet, combed his hair down over his eyes, puffed out his cheeks, and waved his fists around angrily, grumbling about immigration. Sarah jumped to her feet, glaring at him. \"Objection, your honor! Irrelevant! \" \" Oh I don't know, \" the judge said with a smirk. \"The impression seems relevant enough to me. Heh heh heh.\" \"Your honor,\" Hector said. \"The forces of nature conspired against my clients. A massive stream of energy was about to erase my friends from existence, and their only hope of survival rested in them driving through the front of your building.\" I stared at the cat in shock, deciding he must have gone to law school during his time in the Shadow Realm...or caught a couple courtroom dramas somehow. \"Your honor,\" Two Face shouted. \"Even if you believe this fiction about an energy wave, the building featured a revolving door, which, incidentally, had been unlocked at the time.\" \"And how was he supposed to get his car through that ?\" Hector asked. \"Cars don't belong in our lobby!\" Sarah shouted. The judge banged his gavel in irritation. \"Order.\" \"Your honor,\" Two Face said, smugly flipping his coin. \"My client wants the jury to understand that the defendant could have simply parked his vehicle , gotten out , and hurried through the front entrance with a minimum of damage to himself or the building.\" \"And let my car get destroyed?\" Riffraff blurted. The judge scowled. \"Please explain to the jury what you mean.\" Hector turned toward the judge. \"What my client is saying, is that the wave of dangerous energy could have not only destroyed him and is passengers, but it also could have destroyed his Cat-Illac, for it is also an animated object, one worth several thousand dollars, I might add.\" \"Inform the court of the nature of this so-called `energy wave.'\" \"Yes sir. For this I call witness Drew Deebes to the stand.\" Rolling my eyes, I got up and marched to the witness box. The dinosaur from all those public service announcements about oral hygiene held out a bible, asking me, \"Do you swear to tell the tooth, the whole tooth, nothing but the tooth?\" I gave him my best `you're an idiot' face. \"You mean `the truth'?\" I prompted. The dinosaur frowned. \"This isn't...Gleem Toothpaste v. Cavities, is it.\" \"Wrong room?\" I suggested. The dinosaur turned a bright red, hurrying out the door. Deciding I'd been `sworn in' enough, I seated myself in the box. Hector leaned over the box. \"Please tell the jury, in your own words, what happened before the front end of the building... collapsed. \" I started describing the events as they happened, from the time Jessica pulled the spike out of the hotel roof. \"No no no!\" Hector groaned. \"You're boring the jury! Show them what happened in the form of a flashback !\" \"I'm part noid. I can't do that.\" Looking frustrated, Hector rushed to the defendant box, pulling a helmet larger than his briefcase, out of his briefcase. It looked like a colander with light bulbs stuck into it. This he placed on my head. \"Now. Remember the events as they happened.\" I did. The memories appeared in the air above my head, in a large cloud. Being my memory, it wasn't a continuous narrative. I skipped over parts that seemed trivial, then lost track of what I was doing, started fantasizing about getting my old job back, sleeping with Cupcake, getting under Sneezer's loincloth, or remembering my first time with Amanda. \"Mr. Deebes, could you please focus on the case? \" Hector scolded as I imagined myself removing Splinter's robe. I blushed. \"Sorry.\" But as I said this, before getting back on track, I found myself fantasizing about running my hands down the sides of Ms. Bott's costume, much to her outrage. The jury saw enough. They saw the oozing creature, the myrrh wiping out everything. I was dismissed. \"Based on the evidence we have witnessed,\" the judge said. \"It seems unreasonable to prosecute the defendant for the erasure of employees.\" \"Your honor, I disagree,\" Sarah said. \"If the front of the building had remained intact, the employees would have remained protected by the shielding.\" \"It didn't work so well against the car!\" Hector challenged. \"Objection!\" Two Face growled. \"Sustained,\" the judge said. \"It is a valid point.\" He banged his gavel. \"Dismissing erasure charges in favor of two hundred thousand dollar property damage claim. Proceed with the case.\" \"Your honor!\" Two face protested. \"If that noid hadn't attacked the creature with that... myrrh, those employees would still exist!\" \"This trial is Ewes Bank v. Cleo and Riffraff, not Ewes Bank v. Drew Deebes,\" the judge said. \"Erasure charges dropped.\" And he hammered the gavel down. \"Great!\" I commented to my sister. \"They only need to admit their guilt and offer to reimburse the bank! No big deal!\" \"But they're not guilty ,\" Amanda hissed. I rolled my eyes. \"If I broke into a house to escape a serial killer, I'd still have to pay for the damages to the house. That's just how the world works.\" Two Face shook his head, looking angry. \"Prosecution would like to bring Master Splinter to the stand.\" I scrunched up my face in bafflement. When the ninja rat was in the witness box, Two Face asked, \"You were present in that flashback we just viewed, were you not?\" Master Splinter nodded. \"Hai.\" \"Did you see anything... unusual ? Possibly inaccurate?\" \"I admit I am confused about one thing ,\" Splinter said. \"Please enlighten the jury.\" The rat shrugged. \"I cannot tell if Drew prefers to have me or that loincloth wearing simpleton as boyfriend.\" Two Face grimaced in disgust. \"No more questions for the witness.\" Next he called Becky to the stand. \"What did you think of that flashback?\" he asked. \"I remind you, you're under oath.\" \"It was weird, but it actually explains a lot,\" she said. \"Also, I think Drew and Caveman Mouse would make a cute couple.\" \"Your honor,\" Hector said. \"The prosecution is clearing digging too hard for inconsistencies in the witness's flashback, when the only thing wrong I see is thinking he has a chance with the Ice Queen in the prosecution box...And hat diaper thing.\" \"Agreed,\" said the judge. \"Anything else from the prosecution?\" Two Face gritted his teeth. His next witness was the horse from Ren and Stimpy, but a long dramatic pause and \"No sir, I didn't like it,\" is not a very compelling testimony in any court. \"I'd like to call Michelangelo to the stand,\" Hector said. The turtle got sworn in by Bart Simpson, who asked him to \"cross his heart and hope to die, stick a needle in his eye\" and so on. Hector pointed at the prosecuting attorney. \"Mister... Angelo. What do you think of that suit?\" \"I think the dude does most of his work standing in doorways.\" Two Face rapidly became Red Face. His mouth was already in a perfect shape for snarling, with that deformed monster lip, so now it became twice as pronounced. \"Objection!\" \"Sustained,\" the judge said. \"I've been wondering about that myself.\" \"Another thing,\" said the turtle. \"Does the dude use different kinds of shampoo for both sides of his head? Maybe dry scalp on the left, and oily on the right?\" \"If he were a Frosted Mini Wheat, which side would be the whole grain?\" \"I'd probably say the plain human side, but I can't stand Mini Wheats.\" \"Oh dear!\" Whiskers shouted as he stared at a small device. \"Oh this won't do at all!\" A dead silence fell over the courtroom. Everyone turned and stared at him. \"Something you wish to share with the court?\" the bulldog said with annoyance. \"Unfortunately yes. This affects every one of us.\" \"Bring it forward,\" the judge groaned. Whiskers hopped off his chair, pushing through the crowd to the defendants' table, knocking all the papers and drinks to the floor as he shoved a large machine in front of Riffraff, a machine that looked like an oscilloscope with a giant satellite dish attached to it. \"My apologies for the interruption, but you all need to see this.\" Whiskers pushed a button, and a huge hole opened in the side of the room, revealing the smashed front entrance of the Ewes Bank building. \"I see nothing but two hundred thousand dollars worth of property damage,\" Sarah said. Whiskers pointed to the sky. \"Look there! See that?\" It was a white vapor trail, like something from a rocket. \"So what. It's only a jet flying overhead.\" \"That's what I thought at first, too. Until I saw this! \" Whiskers turned some dials on the device, enlarging our view of the object until we could all see it clearly. It was a missile, bearing five glowing attachments. \"This object is bearing six times the power of an atomic bomb, and it is bearing a straight course for the midwest.\" \"What happens when it hits its target?\" Sarah asked. \"Best case scenario, the entire North American continent will be reduced to an immense crater.\" \"And the worst case?\" Whiskers shook his head sadly. \"You'll be wishing for the other one.\"[Chapter 86] Sarah frowned at the missile shooting through the Nevada sky. \"What am I supposed to do about that ? What can anyone do, for that matter? This is the real world . We can't just throw a giant glove up there, or call for Superman...\" \"So we're toast,\" I said. \"It's just going to blow us to pieces, and that's that.\" Extra flew out of my shirt. \"Master, perhaps not.\" I stared. \"Do you know something, bird?\" Extra bobbed his golden head. \"When Miss Terious wore the Crown of the Queen, the ancients linked minds with her, and you know how little birds talk...\" \"What did you learn?\" I said impatiently. \"Well, Master...the device is not meant to destroy, but rather convert everyone on the planet into Zorbatronians.\" \"By jove!\" Whiskers cried. \"The Forge of Zorbatron! Of course!\" I furrowed my brow. \"That's the Forge of Zorbatron?\" \"See Strange Mysteries from Beyond #111 - Ed.\" I rolled my eyes. \"You want me to order it from Amazon or something?\" Whiskers gave me a sheepish grin. \"Sorry. It's a bad habit I've picked up from this place.\" He cleared his throat. \"The forge is a special throne, one which can transform everyone on an entire planet into creatures of Miss Terious's species. The throne, as you may have guessed, requires a considerable amount of power.\" \"Do we know what this... weapon is targeting?\" Extra opened his mouth to speak, but Whiskers spoke first. \"She intends to strike the Old Man Changing Colors, otherwise known as the Kansas City Power and Light Building.\" \"That's a strange choice. Why there? Was she unhappy with their service or something?\" Whiskers shook his head. \"I'm afraid this will require a flashback.\" \"Do we have time for a flashback?\" I asked, but a large cloud was already forming above his head, depicting himself as a bald little German, non animated, clad in khaki clothes. The man climbed a mound in a darkened quarry, following a cloud of smoke. \"I deduce you already found out about my history,\" he said in a dramatic voice over. \"Therefore you should not be surprised to learn about my involvement in the V2 Program with the Reich. \"What you may not know about is my involvement with Miss Terious.\" The little man crossed a ridge, approaching a crashed UFO. It made me think of the ship from The Day the Earth Stood Still (the old version), kind of a generic flying saucer saucer design, but colorful and glowing like the one from Killer Klowns . The professor climbed through a section of the ship's destroyed wall. The inside looked just about as generic as the outside, apparently modeled after the bridge of the Starship Enterprise, the only difference being the five mechanical cocoons, containing five non-animated squid-like creatures. The fifth pod, standing alone before the rest, had been shattered by the crash. The professor could see a woman's limbs poking out from beneath an adjacent pile of debris. \"Oh Lord!\" he cried. He had actually said this in German, but such is the nature of a cinematic flashback. The scrawny German figured out to use various objects around the ship to wedge the victim loose. She was pretty much the same Miss Terious I knew, though she had been impaled by a piece of ceiling debris, and flickered into a glowing squid as the blood poured out the wound. Whiskers sawed the debris away from the wound and covered her with a blanket, carrying her back to his Swiss cottage, where he proceeded to apply the most lifesaving first aid he could muster. Once satisfied that he had done all he could, he tucked her into a bed (the man lived alone), and called the SS to retrieve the debris from the crash site. \"Wouldn't they notice the missing body?\" I asked. Whiskers shook his head. \"This wasn't CSI. They didn't know what I did, and had no evidence. On the report, I only listed four aliens. I moved some debris to get a better look at one of the pods, to see if it could aid the Fuhrer's agenda. That was my story, at least.\" The flashback showed Whiskers studying crash debris in a lab, Goebbels hovering over his shoulder like a vulture. The four captured creatures lay in special tanks. Whiskers spent many hours staring at them, drawing blood, doing various tests on the samples. Mengle tried to come in and inject dye into the creatures' eyeballs, but he shooed him away. When night came, Whiskers would sit by Miss Terious's bedside, putting cool towels on her head, brushing her hair back and gazing at her. I suppressed chuckles as I watched this. One day his patient awoke. The first thing she did was draw a laser gun out of hammerspace and point it at his head. \"Who are you! Where is my crew!\" The professor introduced himself, explaining the rescue and how he had prevented the four other creatures from being harmed. \"Would you like some dinner?\" They ate quietly, steak and potatoes, wine, some chocolate. He put a record on, and they danced. She allowed herself to be called \"Emm,\" for her original name, \"Empty\" had negative connotations. He showed her his inventions, groundbreaking in their day and age, an automatic paper shredder, a typewriter that types images automatically, a mechanical lemon peeler, an energy saving toaster. When he showed her his prototype microwave, it was clear she wasn't as interested in it as she was the mind who created it. She pushed the invention aside and kissed him. They slept together. He fell asleep in her arms, but when he woke up, he found himself alone, and he heard alarm sirens were going off all over town. \"I found a strange silver necklace dangling around my neck,\" Whiskers said. \"Showing me, I suppose, that I had been more than generously repaid for my act of kindness.\" Following a hunch, he raced down to the lab and discovered that all his specimens were missing, along with some large pieces of equipment. \"I knew the Fuhrer to be rather unreasonable when it came to failures of this sort. For that reason, I decided to make a quick exit to the States. \"I fled with very little. Some clothing. Books and paperwork, and the necklace of course. It was easy enough to forge the necessary documents. \"A couple brown shirts tried to stop me on the way to the boat, but it seemed the necklace had supernatural powers. I merely touched the men and they transformed into rubbery skeletons dancing to Mr. Ghost Goes to Town . The scene in the flashback changed to Whiskers standing on the upper deck of a steam ship. As he fingered the locket on his necklace, Emm's head appeared in the air above the ocean, smiling at him. \"I cannot thank you enough for the kindness you have done. I apologize for leaving in a hurry, but I feared for the safety of my crew. \"Please, do not follow us. We are traveling to a freer land, one that does not suppress things like the distribution of Negro music and Cubism, a nation which can nurture our people until we acquire a power source strong enough to turn this world into a second Zorbatron, my homeworld.\" \"For awhile, I did just that,\" Whiskers narrated. \"I joined the U.S. Department of Defense, sharing with them the secrets of the V2 program. \"The necklace actually aided me in some of my most important discoveries. It was actually the key ingredient in the `Bubble Bomb' I tested at White Sands. My original intention was to merely open the damn pendant with a tremendous explosion. I only wanted to see how the thing worked. The spikes were only an unfortunate side effect. \"Now, I had never actually given up on finding Emm. Over the years, I had collected a number of newspaper articles about strange and unusual happenings. One in particular interested me a great deal, people vanishing from a train carrying five immense German beer casks. The incident occurred on the way to Kansas City. \"I visited that city as much as I could after that. My work for the Manhattan Project, by that time was done, so I stayed in town some time, checking the various breweries for signs of Emm. Renovations were made to the KCPL building, but I didn't have permission to go into the tower to see what was being done. \"However, I could clearly see something belonging to Emm up there, for, at night, the topmost windows lit up with the same supernatural light I'd seen coming from her craft. \"That proved to be enough incentive for a little breaking and entering.\" I watched Whiskers pick a lock, sneaking around in various computer-less offices filled with rotary dial telephones, dodging security guards as he darted up staircases. At the top of the building, he found Miss Terious seated on a throne inside a cocoon, absorbing energy from giant cables running up from the floor. \"Emm! At last!\" he cried, rushing to her. She looked horrified. \"Heinrich! How did you get up here!\" When he told her, she smiled and said, \"My, you are a genius.\" She brought him close, kissing him. It proved to be literally electric. Whiskers turned animated, collapsing on the floor. He awoke in an underground room, pretty much a cinder block of concrete, surrounded by giant wooden casks with German writing on them. Miss Terious opened one of the casks, showing the professor an alien cocoon. \"My crewmembers are still in stasis, but my pod charges every day with enough energy to bring them to life. In fifty four years, they will all be placed on top of a new convention center as `sculptures', and power from my command chair will restore them to me at last! The residual energy will be used to convert the entire population of earth into Zorbatronians, allowing my people to become the great nation it once was!\" She paused, staring at him. \"You think it will work?\" \"Your guess is as good as mine,\" Whiskers said. \"But that might not be enough power.\" \"You're right, she said, snatching the necklace off his neck. She touched the object, twisted its shell a few times, but it did nothing. \"What did you do?\" \"I told her a half truth,\" Whiskers to the court. \"That bomb depleted the power. She got so upset that she knocked me unconscious. This time I found myself slumped over a bench in the train station. \"This, you see, is the reason why I hid the spikes. I couldn't let Emm take them.\" The cloud over the professor's head vanished. \"Then why would she blow up the building?\" I asked. \"Who said anything about blowing it up? I believe Emm intends to capture the full extent of the weapon's explosive energy and channel it into her throne.\" \"Still, it's a missile . It's not like any of us can jump up there and stop it.\" \"Master, you are the Bird King,\" Extra said. I shook my head. \"I can't demand that of my subjects. Who knows that that thing will do to their cute little bodies?\" \"Perhaps you don't have to,\" Whiskers said, turning toward Sarah. \"Your office exists on the border of two realities. Do you have any control over the location of this facility?\" Sarah paused and thought. \"No. It is only present at this location.\" \"That's not entirely accurate, \" said a strangely familiar voice. I saw a shimmering in the air, and a floating German shepherd in a red robe appeared out of nowhere. \"You again!\" I said. \"You're always...messing with everything!\" \"Only because you meddled with it first.\" \"We need transportation to the Bartle Hall Convention Center,\" Whiskers said. \"Ah,\" the German shepherd said. \"There is already a U.S. Bank conveniently located across the street from this edifice. Depart from the Legal Action Matrix and travel down the right corridor. Cross the plot hole, open the door to room 130 and you will be in the main lobby.\" I stared at the dog in disbelief. \"Did you just say `plot hole'?\" The `green guardian' nodded. \"There are countless inconsistencies and continuity errors in Cool World. Many are large enough to drive a truck through. This building exploits those plot holes to cross great distances in space and time.\" I wondered how many of those I had already encountered, but wasn't sure I wanted to know the answer. \"Ms. Botts,\" Whiskers said. \" If you please. \" She shook her head. \"There's still the matter of the two hundred thousand dollars that needs to be addressed.\" Whiskers took a stack of cartoon bills out of his pocket, slamming them on the prosecution desk. Sarah counted these by ear. \"That's nice, but the front of the building is real. \" He set down another stack of money, this one dull and highly detailed. I gawked at him. \"I have a diverse portfolio,\" he explained. \"I leave Cool World to check it from time to time.\" \"That could have saved me a lot of problems earlier.\" \"Probably so, but then I wouldn't be able to pay for all of this.\" Riffraff snatched a stack of cartoon bills off the pile. \" That's for demolishing my car!\" Sarah looked nonplussed, so he snatched two real bills as well. \"Their noid world equivalent.\" I didn't have the heart to tell him it would barely buy a computer monitor. The courtroom illusion vanished, and I and my companions hurried past the double staircase, down a corridor lined with faux marble to a giant black wall that said the following in glowing white letters: MISSING DESCRIPTION NO EXPLANATION ABOUT HOW CHARACTERS GET TO NEXT SCENE I paused there, staring at apparently nothing, but Whiskers pointed to it and shouted, \"There! Keep going!\" On the other side, I found a row of office doors. Whiskers turned the L shaped handle on the one marked 130 and we were looking into the lobby of an actual bank. It was dark. The customers and staff had gone home, the check writing stands and desks unoccupied. \"Guys...\" I said as I stared at the blinking security lights along the walls. \"This probably isn't the best place for us to teleport.\" \"What's the matter, Drew?\" Sneezer said beside me. \"Afraid of the dark?\" He took one step into the room, and the alarms all went off at once. I rushed to the entrance, but of course the door had been locked on both sides. After all, we'd set off a `don't let the burglar out for any reason' type of alarm. Whiskers uncapped a tube of lipstick, drawing a circle on a nearby wall. Once the shape had closed, I could see the street outside. \"This way!\" he said, climbing through. \"Hurry!\" Me and my own personal `Justice League' stumbled out down the sidewalk, staring up at the cityscape. Directly ahead of us stood the convention center, that long flat box of a building, its sides decorated with interlocking triangular shapes, big square windows, its roof topped with four enormous concrete pylons, with Misty's glowing turnstile looking things at their tips, capped with airplane `no fly' lights. \"They look like hair curlers,\" Riffraff muttered. \"Yes,\" Whiskers said. \"I believe that is their common designation.\" In the distance, I could see KCPL, a tall Gothic style tower topped with a glass prism that changed from red to green to yellow and back again. As I gazed at these structures, a glowing streak shot over our heads, colliding with the prism in a spectacular explosion of illumination. When the light faded, I could see the tower, intact as it had been since probably the 1930's, but now the prism was gone, replaced by a big glowing almond shaped machine. A bolt of lightning erupted from this object, striking the closest hair curler. The thing lit up brilliantly against the night sky. \"We must hurry!\" Whiskers said. \"We may already be too late!\" \"The KCPL building isn't even close,\" I said to the professor. \"We don't want to be there,\" he answered. \"What we need is to disable those... hair curlers to prevent her plans from coming to fruition!\" Michelangelo asked if Fruition was a yogurt, but we ignored him. Crowds of pedestrians on the sidewalks outside stopped to stare at me and my animated friends, mostly due to the burglar alarm. Within the building, we got stares, because Comic Con wasn't for another month. We had to cross a busy intersection, pass through a glass and concrete lobby, and take an escalator. Security guards came running for us because we didn't buy tickets for the RV and Boat Show, but Whiskers shot them with a freeze ray. Police sirens wailed in the distance, but as these things go, you can't always be sure they're coming your way. You're never the only crime victim, criminal or donut shop in town. I rushed to a crosswalk at the corner. Sneezer, to my annoyance, broke into song, crossing in the middle of the street, and a car knocked him down the avenue. No one else tried that particular tactic. As I pushed the crossing button on a pole, I noticed a solid blue figure in a curving Martian Manhunter cape descending from the sky. A humanoid bird in a bra and diaper. \"Cupcake!\" I gasped. She was clearly a ghost. I could see right through her, and she had a monochromatic color scheme. \"My king,\" her faraway voice called. \"I have left the Great Beyond to come see you one last time!\" I swallowed. \"That's great, Cupcake. I'm sorry you had to die. I really miss you.\" She descended to my level, pressing her beak to my lips, but it passed through. \"Damn. I've heard sometimes it works.\" \"Maybe if we meet Constantine or animated Whoopi Goldberg?\" I suggested. Whiskers glanced at me impatiently, pointing to the glowing `walk' sign. \"Um, look, Cupcake. Um, I'm sure we'll meet again in the Great Beyond or something, but we're about to get arrested and Miss Terious is trying to turn everyone into aliens, so we kinda have to go.\" \"Oh? Where are you going?\" I pointed to the top of the convention center. She paused and thought for a moment. \"It would be boring and time consuming for you to climb all that way. I will summon my loyal subjects to carry you to the top of the building.\" I briefly wondered why she didn't do that for us at the Union Plaza, but I didn't mention it. \"Thank you, Cupcake. I...love you.\" And then the Kool -Aid Man smashed through a nearby window, yelling, \"Grape Beyond!\" with a purple pitcher in each hand. When he noticed us staring, he sheepishly climbed back into the bank. Cupcake smiled at me and disappeared. A moment later, all the remaining windows in the bank shattered, a great cloud of cartoon birds pouring out the window frames. The birds swept me and all my friends up into the air. Although I'd flown up the side of a building before, it still unnerved me. The birds deposited us gently on the rooftop. I straightened my shaky legs, attempting to get my bearings. The glass skylights made me suck in my breath when I looked down. Although they had a show going on, with cars, boats and RV's here and there to break my fall, the height might still kill a person, and the rest of the roof was nothing but slick unforgiving metal. A floating cartoon jukebox hovered high above me. I wasn't sure what that was doing there, but I guessed the apocalypse had a soundtrack. That, and a musician abducting spaceship could probably find several worthy candidates in a giant all purpose civic center, if it waited a few months for, say, the Tri State Varsity Battle of the Bands. Whiskers rushed to the nearest concrete pylon, climbing up its ladder. \"Guard this pillar! I'm going to make some adjustments to the device!\" I saw a burst of light, and the professor went flying off. A glowing bikini clad figure floated down from the pylon next to it, chuckling as her feet gracefully touched down on the rooftop. Whiskers literally turned white. \"Emm!\" \"Heinrich!\" she purred in an oddly amplified voice that sounded like the foggy effect they used on TV to illustrate telepathic communication. The turtles charged for her with weapons raised, but Miss Terious just flung the heroes away from her, Leonardo and Donatello to opposite corners of the roof, Michelangelo slamming into a pylon, Raphael flying off the building. Master Splinter kept a wary distance, sizing up his enemy. Hurling my sister and the cat Vikings aside, Miss Terious floated over to the professor, flashing an unpleasant smile. \"You always were a bad liar.\" \"Please don't get me wrong, Emm,\" Whiskers said from the ground. \"I will always love you. I just couldn't agree to your plan of converting all of humanity into your alien species! Such an action would make us no better than the bigots we left Germany to escape! Where would our blues music and Pablo Picasso exist in such a world?\" \"That's what you never understood, Heinrich. My devices will only change your peoples' bodies . Removing your physical differences will create worldwide harmony while at the same time promoting the freedom and individuality we both cherish. It is no different than a Catholic school requiring everyone to wear the same uniform. The individual personality will remain intact.\" \"Your reasoning is flawed. All mothers know quite well that even a dress code does not fully prevent students from being picked on.\" \" But it helps .\" She suppressed a smile. \"Damn. We should have had kids.\" Miss Terious knelt down next to him, gesturing to the pylons. \"Honey, this is what I stand for. This is me. If you truly love me, you'll let me do this.\" \"If that is you, I, regretfully, cannot love you anymore.\" She shrugged. \"Then you will die.\" The alien blasted him with a blinding explosion of energy. The moment her attack stopped, the little labcoated guy rose into the air like a robed Green Guardian, blasting her back with energy bolts of equal intensity. \"I never should have given back that necklace!\" she growled. \"And I never...!\" Whiskers began, but then he faltered. \"You what.\" Whiskers reddened. \"Nothing. You made me a very happy man. We wouldn't be fighting at all if it wasn't for this mad plan of reshaping the world into your master race.\" \"Is that why you avoided me for so many years? Because you loved me? \" \"I had to! You said it yourself, I'm a bad liar! I couldn't let you know that the spikes existed! If it hadn't been for that damned cartoonist-\" He shook his head. \"If you've found someone else, I don't blame you.\" \"I have. His name is Sleezington. My butler.\" \"Well I'm happy for you.\" He sighed. \"Please. Don't do this, Emm. Just wake up your crew, and repopulate the planet the old fashioned way.\" \"What, and let my world, my culture, and everything just fade away into this insipid melting pot?\" \"That doesn't sound like a Catholic school uniform type of situation, Emm.\" He returned to the ladder. She shot him again, knocking him to his back. The little guy probably could have fought her off with energy blasts of his own, but I guess he was still too much in love. Miss Terious snatched the necklace off his neck. \"Don't you ever learn?\" She decorated her throat, her illumination brightening with the added power. I now heard the first sirens of cop cars actually sent to investigate the break-in. \"Took them awhile,\" I muttered. A bolt of electricity shot out from KCPL, striking the furthermost sky station, its power traveling through a secondary bolt to the next station over, both hair curlers glowing white like atomic cooling rods ready to cause a meltdown. Suddenly, Cupcake's ghost appeared in front of me. \"Drew, you must defeat Miss Terious!\" she said in a faraway voice. \"You are the last remaining ruler of the Bird Kingdom. All my armies and greatest warriors are at your disposal. Do not be afraid to summon them in this dire emergency. They will hear and come to your aid, even in this mystic place.\" \"Just think about it or something?\" She nodded. \"Focus your thoughts on how much you love birds.\" I laughed. \"Okay?\" \"Or...if that doesn't work, think about how much you love me .\" \"So I focus on things that sexually confuse and disturb me.\" Cupcake shrugged. \"Maybe I should just focus on caring .\" \"That will work too.\" I adjusted the signet ring on my finger, thinking bird thoughts. Seconds later, I heard shattering glass, shouting, and it was like I had summoned the final scene of Stephen King's The Dark Half , a giant cloud of black birds fluttering around me. Focusing my thoughts on how wrong it was for Miss Terious to kill Cupcake, and torture little animals, I marched up to the glowing alien and pointed. My cinematically dramatic bird swarm knocked her across the roof, unconscious. \"Go!\" I yelled to Whiskers. \"But my pendant!\" I glanced at nervously at Cupcake. She only smiled, indicating, perhaps, that I could handle it. Her confidence was contagious. \"I'll send it up to you! Now go!\" He stared at me in disbelief for a moment, but then, after Ghost Cupcake gave him a thumbs up, he decided to trust me, rushing back up the ladder. I focused my thoughts on stealing the pendant back, and a cluster of crows and magpies flocked to Miss Terious's supine form. Without warning, one of her hands shot up and squished one of my servants into a splatter of black goo. Her left hand squished a second one, and when a third one darted to her breasts, her tongue shot out, frog like, sucking it into her mouth. A fourth she crushed between her thighs, and then something like a giant snail burst from her crotch, killing one more. I knew those birds' names. They had lives and families. This information came to me telepathically. It made me mad. Blinking tears out of my eyes, I clenched a fist, hitting her with more birds than she could possibly kill at once. She killed every bird that touched that necklace, but the birds and I knew the play. This wasn't Steal the Bacon, this was basketball, and my team was already closing on the goal. I don't know, I guess I must have developed a bird brain, so to speak, because I found myself mentally coordinating `bird units' like I were playing Madden NFL or something, distracting Miss Terious with `defense' while my `running back' flapped up to the professor on the pylon. Suddenly Miss Terious jumped to her feet, blasting the distracting birds with her immense power. While she did this. I willed a roc to throw her off the roof. Problem solved, I thought. A blast knocked me across the building. As I lay groaning on the metal sheeting, I saw a blonde bikini clad figure stepping out from behind a pylon with a sexy swagger. In her hands the dominatrix twirled a fancy looking wizard staff with a crystal ball at one end. \"This isn't your fight, Drew. It's not like we're affecting Cool World in any way! Why don't you just give it up and enjoy the ride?\" \"Jessica,\" I said. \"You know this isn't right. Without a real world, what would all those cartoons have to make fun of?\" \"Other cartoons,\" she said without even pausing to think about it. \"I guess technically it would make everything a drama or a reality show, but it would definitely improve the quality. You could animate for no money at all! Disney would go bankrupt! \" She straddled my lap, pressing me against the roof. \"C'mon. Let's forget all this fighting. I know you want to get laid by a real woman , so why don't we just...let Misty do her thing and do it right here?\" \"I'm sleazy, but not that sleazy.\" \"How about downstairs , then? There's a bunch of mobile homes and campers with really nice bedrooms in them. Of course, it's not exactly an original idea, so we'd have to knock first...\" \"No thanks. I already have someone. \" \"Yeah,\" she sneered. \"And you both have the same father.\" Miss Terious returned from her fall. All around me, I heard the sounds of battle. I willed the birds to throw her to the other end of the building, where the turtles and other friends fought off her energy beams with their swords, axes, and other weapons. I sighed. \"I admit you have a point, but...\" Jessica put her hands on her hips. \"But what?\" I fumbled for words. \"Tell you what. I'll give you one final chance. Leave Misty's machinery alone, make love to me, or go home. Maybe all three. In whatever order you choose. Either that, or you can die !\" \"Jess. I'd love to sleep with you, but this just isn't the right time. Not while the entire human race is in danger of extinction.\" She laughed. \"As if! That's why the movie Children of Men was such a joke! There's too damn many people on this planet for them to ever be extinct, even with this weapon ! I mean, say if they're underground at the time, or in Antarctica ...\" I gave her my best angry parent face. \"No. This has to stop now.\" \"Gee,\" she groaned. \"Here I was, willing and able to give you the benefit of the doubt, and all you did was prove to me what I already knew: That you're a self righteous dick .\" She looked down at my crotch and frowned. \"Which, incidentally, you don't seem to have . Maybe you never had one! \" \"Yeah? Well, you're just an anarchist, like that mask wearing creep from V for Vendetta .\" She smiled. \"Did you mean to compliment me, or was that an accident?\" \"Mostly an accident.\" I glanced at the pylon from the corner of my eye. Up at the very top, three hundred feet above the ground, I could see Whiskers doing something to a `hair curler.' Deciding some sacrifices had to be made for the greater good, I grabbed Jessica by the neck and kissed her passionately, sliding my hands around her costume. \"Oh Drew!\" she cried. \" You changed your mind! \" She reached under my kimono. \"Let's see if I can change the rest of you!\" As she pulled my kimono up over my legs, unbuttoning her bikini bottom, I glanced at the pylon again. The little man was climbing back down, prepared to work on the second device. When she saw what I was looking at, Jessica's face did that thermometer effect thing you see in cartoons, complete with steam escaping her ears. \"You sneaky little bastard!\" She picked up her staff, twirled it, and in one quick shot sent the professor tumbling to the roof below. I heard the shattering of glass, and the angry honking of a car alarm. Jessica wrapped her hands around my throat. \"You know what's going to be great about Misty's new empire? No more goody goody paper pushers like you!\" \"Oh yeah?\" I gasped. \"Ask Misty about the Negro music.\" She scowled. \"So you're not only a dick, you're also a bigot.\" \"Those aren't my words. Ask Misty. \" \"That's it!\" Jessica snapped, pulling a real policeman's handgun out of her bikini. \"I've had enough of your stupid games! It's time for you to die!\" Jessica pressed the barrel to my head, then frowned. \"No. That's not classy at all. I know it solves a lot of future problems, but I'm not some lousy street thug...\" She shot a large window out of a skylight, dangling me over the opening. \" There . That's better. Now when you die it will be spectacular , and everyone will know what a terrific villain I am.\" \"Wow. Now there are some lofty aspirations!\" She fought down a grin. \"Oh yes. I forgot. You prefer things being a little down to earth !\" and she gave me a shove. As I fell, I heard her muttering, \"Yes! I successfully employed a killing phrase!\" You know how a cat stretches itself across a tub to avoid getting wet? I did this with the broken skylight. Jessica sighed. \"Damn, Drew. Why do you have to make yourself such a pain in the ass? You don't even know how to die gracefully!\" \"From you, I'll take that as a compliment.\" She leaned over me, placing a hand on my chest. \"Drew, I have a confession to make. You probably know this already, but trashing your apartment was kinda my idea . Misty wanted to get revenge, so I sort of told her what would really hurt you without killing you. I really didn't want you to die. At least, not until now. \"You struck me as sort of a stick in the mud. You needed to loosen up. I figured maybe if I freed you from your tidy little world, you'd go out there and have some fun, maybe get yourself a real girlfriend, or maybe an animated one that isn't your sister. I guess I was wrong.\" It was the psychological equivalent of getting kicked and having step on my fingers. The reality of her statements broke my animated character, turning my thoughts to the day to day things of ordinary life. I resumed my human form. A noid body is not as flexible as a doodle's. It cannot, for example, stretch itself out like a trampoline. I fell through the hole. \"You bitch!\" To illustrate the height I had fallen, one could, with little difficulty, change a light bulb on the lowest part of the convention area ceiling by balancing a stepladder on the roof of a monster truck. I fell from the highest part. In other words, painful . Especially considering the fact I fell through the ceiling of a demonstration model bathroom, breaking a cross beam with my back, then banging my head on both the shower nozzle and the bathtub faucet before landing on the hard unyielding galvanized plastic tub bottom. In my concussed semi-lucid state, I temporarily became a new organism, a one hundred percent noid-doodle blend, where my face was an animated mask and makeup on a human face that stretched, werewolf-like into the mask. Vaporous bunny ears dangled in my face. My hands became like swollen mittens. I had on a ghostly waistcoat, through which I could see my naked chest. One of my legs was bent in an unnatural position, sending searing jolts of pain through my entire body. I gasped for air as I arched in pain, staring pleadingly at a ceiling as broken as my body felt. I screamed. ...Interrupting a lecture on said demonstration model bathroom. \"...One of the first mobile shower units to successfully employ both rhino lining and Couplertec electronic rustproofing...\" A middle aged woman in a slutty business dress was saying before a handful of people in a crowd of folding chairs. Suddenly noticing the noise, she spun around, staring at me in horror. \"What the hell is that.\" Her audience stood up and started clapping. This is it, I thought. This is how I'm going to die. In a bathtub with a broken leg and skull, to the applause of eight people. Was Jessica a doodle when she knocked me down here? I wondered. If so, would it grant me cartoon immortality? Or would I be caught on a technicality due to her not actually touching me at the time? If I die, what then? Would I end up joining Cupcake's diaper party? I was pretty sure the real version of the afterlife didn't have sex at all. The only thing I really knew was that I was in a lot of pain. I didn't die. Still, the pain made it impossible to move. In such a brain fog, I couldn't fully appreciate the shapely legs and derriere descending from a rope above me. My eyes traveled up those garter boots with the idle detachment of a baby staring at a mobile. My sister uncapped a thermos, holding it out for me to drink. \"Here. Have some of this. You need it.\" I frowned at the open mouth of the container. \"More old coffee?\" She shook her head. \"Not this time, I'm afraid. It's the real deal.\" \"No,\" I stammered, pushing it away. \"Your leg is broken. There's no way you can do anything without a little outside help .\" \"Amanda,\" I said, sitting up. \"I'm part doodle. \" \"That's what worries me.\" To my annoyance, I saw the crowd of folding chairs developing into a real crowd . \"It's all mind over matter,\" I said. \"Like the coffee. I just need to think happy thoughts...\" I tried to stand up, but only screamed when I made the attempt. \"Drew, please.\" Amanda offered the thermos again. \"You'll be able to walk once you drink it.\" \"At the expense of my humanity. No. There has to be a better way.\" And then I had it. I would completely lose myself in a role. Pretend I never was human. My mind raced to establish a fictional history for myself, one to account for all the things that made me doubt I was animated, imagining the other me to be fictional. \"I'm Empress Drew Kwan of the Bird Nation,\" I told myself. \"I was born into a royal family. Assassins of Miss Terious came and wiped out my kin, so I was left on Jack Deebes' doorstep. \"I'm adopted,\" I muttered as I reset my leg. \"That's really what happened.\" The penguin from Fight Club suddenly popped its head out from below the bathtub. \"Slide,\" it said, scooting across the display on its belly. I screamed as the pain returned to my leg. At least it was set now. I ignored the penguin. I had to `go into my cave' if I were to successfully transcend this pain. \"I'm the Bird Empress!\" I shouted, jumping to my feet. I held out my signet ring, thought hard about my love for birds, and a cloud of flapping wings swept I and my sister back through the skylight, to the roof. I discovered Whiskers floating in the air, circling a pylon adjacent to the one he'd finished sabotaging, shooting light blasts from his hands as Jessica and Miss Terious shot back. The turtles knelt with their weapons out in front of them, heads tucked into their shells. Master Splinter sat on the roof with his back against a pylon, clutching his chest. You know how in certain movies, knocking a superhero or a god unconscious can change the weather? I had a cloud of birds in a holding pattern, seemingly affected by my every mood. Sneezer, Riffraff and Cleo huddled behind makeshift shields, technically demonstration custom painted car hoods they'd stolen from a display somewhere. Imagining my leg to be uninjured, I rushed to Splinter's side. \"What happened? Are you all right?\" He gave me a stoic smile, showing me a large burn on his chest. \"I...climbed the pillar, and tore the machinery open with my claws and teeth, but after I pulled the wires out, they shot me, and I fell.\" He coughed. \"I'll be fine. You must stop Miss Terious.\" I cast him a worried look, but he was right. Splinter was animated, and a very real world needed saving. I ran (again, mind over matter) to the pylon Whiskers circled, blasting Miss Terious and Jessica back with two simultaneous walls of birds. The Old Man Changing Colors fired a burst of energy at the pylons. A sky station erupted in flame, presumably the one Splinter tore up. A sudden explosion knocked me down. I had to pretend extra hard to get back into a standing position again. I raised my ring, willing the birds to fling Miss Terious over the convoluted highway system nearby, into the muddy river at the edge of a casino. This took a great deal of concentration (like Bravestarr, I had to see with the eyes of a hawk to figure out the unfamiliar geography). Jessica took advantage of this distraction by blasting me backwards with her power staff. As I lay groaning on my back, trying to return to a standing position, I suddenly noticed a cluster of birds flocking around my limp outstretched hand, a dark cylindrical object descending into my palm through the cloud of feathers. I blinked, staring at it in disbelief. It was Cupcake's trident. Admittedly, it was damaged. It looked like someone had glued and soldered it back together, but it looked useful enough as a defensive weapon. I used this to prop myself up on my feet, then twirled it with my ninja rat skills, gesturing to Jessica with the Asian sign for, `Here, doggy,' the one they always use in Kung Fu movies. She charged at me, and we had a staff battle. It started out well enough, me and Jessica striking and blocking each other's strikes while Whiskers half floated, half climbed up the next pylon, but then Jessica started fighting dirty. \"So,\" she said, bashing her staff against my trident. \"I never found out. How much is left in your bank account?\" I flickered human, struggling not to feel my broken leg. \"Ooh! That looks nasty ! You should really get someone to take a look at that!\" I tried to ignore her barbed comments, singing Abba's Head Over Heels. She laughed. \"Damn, you have a lousy taste in music!\" She struck. I blocked. \"When's the last time you went to work, Drew? Did you call work and tell them about the unexcused absence yet? I wonder what lie you'll come up with to cover this one!\" I flickered real, and she knocked my legs out from under me with a swing of her staff. \"Focus!\" Splinter cried. \"You hear that, Drew?\" Jessica mocked. \"He said focus !\" She knelt on my broken leg. \"I hear they kicked in your door and stole everything. How are you going to get everything re-established?\" Then she made a mock gasp. \"Oh no! When's rent due? \" Jessica hit me in the side of the head, and I blacked out. \"And stay down!\" was the last thing I heard her say. As consciousness returned to me, I saw a body in a pair of garter boots and a thong kneeling beside me. A pair of gloved hands offered me an open thermos. Bunny ears dangled over me, bouncing in a way that reminded me of my first sexual experience. My head injuries framed the face in an ethereal nimbus. \"You're hurt too badly. You're not going to be able to walk. This is the only way you'll be able to face down Jessica.\" I groaned in pain. \"Can't you...just give me a niacin tablet and say it's doodle essence?\" \"You have a broken leg, and that woman knows how to get under your skin. You've already proven you can walk, if you're animated, but as a human, not so much.\" \"I've also proven that I can use mind over matter to overcome my weakness.\" She just sadly shook her head, bouncing the ears. \"You need full use of your mind to command those birds. The pain distracts you. Cupcake's ghost told me.\" My head was throbbing. Probably a hairline fracture, maybe something worse. I had to admit that it required a considerable amount of focus to both pretend I was not injured and control my birds. My humanity was becoming a liability. \"Whiskers got knocked off the pylon again,\" Amanda said. \"We're losing time. Those remaining sky stations may still be enough to transform a quarter of the planet. We need the Bird King... Or queen. I hate to say it, but I think you'll need to make a sacrifice .\" She was right. My back hurt so bad that I couldn't get up any more. Even when I imagined myself to be Superman, Count Duckula, Max from Goof Troop , or any other cartoon, I was still paralyzed. I stretched out a trembling hand toward the thermos, brought it to my lips, drank the sludge to the last dregs. The stuff tasted, well, like ink . Kind of medicinal. But the more I drank, the less I tasted, period. I lost the last vestiges of my humanity to the tune of the Popeye song. I sprang to my rodent feet gracefully spinning the trident as I eased into a fighting horse stance. The turtles lay on their shells with burn marks on their chests. Splinter looked dead. That left Sneezer, Riffraff and Cleo to fight Jessica and her friend away from Whiskers. Jessica swung her staff, blocking Riffraff's battle ax. Cleo would have stepped in to help, but she was too busy shielding her husband from Miss Terious's energy blasts, the alien lady having somehow flown back from the Missouri River. Sneezer borrowed Donatello's staff, swinging it at Jessica's head. \"Sneezer, honey,\" she said as she struck the staff with her own. \"Are you a virgin?\" The mouse gulped. \"Maybe?\" \"She blocked another ax swing, lowering her voice to a low husky tone. \"Would you like me to de-virginalize you?\" The mouse nodded vigorously. \"Then put the staff down so we can negotiate terms. \" He tossed the bo aside. \"Traitor!\" Riffraff shouted as he took a swing at Jessica. She blocked, hit back. I groaned. \"Seriously?\" Jessica disarmed the cats, and Miss Terious suspended them in the air with her evil powers, choking them like Darth Vader. I rushed to their aid, brandishing my trident. \"Put the cats down!\" \"They're a couple eighties rejects that weren't popular enough to have their own show,\" Miss Terious said. \"That good enough?\" \"I meant let them go!\" \"Make me.\" And so I gave her a bird barrage. My bird army threw Miss Terious through a skylight, and my friends were free. \"Did you have someone take care of that leg?\" Jessica asked. I frowned at her. \"No? Were you aware that Misty had someone call your job and tell them you were quitting? It seems you found a new job...allegedly .\" I leapt and knocked her sideways with a slap shot to the head. Jessica popped back up with a staff attack, and our weapons clashed for a few minutes. \"When do they generally start evicting people?\" said Jessica. \" Do you know ? I bet you've got some really great backup plans for that, don't you. Go back to mommy, live rent free for awhile... bet she'll really love that ...Who knows? Maybe she wants an extra pair of slightly muscled hands around the house...\" I didn't change. Her eyes widened in amazement. \"Why Drew! If I didn't know any better, I'd assume you've suddenly grown a pair!\" Our weapons clashed again. Sneezer cowered behind a pylon, watching us fight. I guess he intended to side with Jessica for keeps. \"How did you do it, Drew?\" Jessica asked. \"How did you make yourself one hundred percent doodle?\" I smirked. \"Stop those machines and I'll tell you.\" She reddened. \"No way, Jose. The deal is as follows: You tell me what I want to know, or I'll beat it out of your dead body.\" \"Then the answer will die with me.\" \"God. Forget it. I'll just torture the information out of your sister !\" I screamed and charged at Jessica with a flurry of trident attacks. Jessica laughed, as if this were her plan all along, coming back with her own barrage. The moment I launched my counterattack, Miss Terious came flying out of the convention center, blasting me in the shoulder. I flew sideways, sliding off the edge of the roof. My faithful servants pulled me back up at the last second, but Miss Terious was right there, throwing down another burst of energy. Crack! The moment the beam of energy came my way, my sister stepped in its path, swinging her blue baseball bat. I guess it was insulated or something, or maybe it was rubber, for the moment she swung, the beam went sailing right back, into Miss Terious's chest. The alien arced backwards with a shriek, falling to the street below. The thing that bothered me was how well Amanda hit the `ball', like she hadn't been trying in our game against Riffraff, and now, for the first time, she applied herself. No matter. I had more important things to address at the moment. I picked up my trident and charged at my ex-girlfriend, but the weapon broke the moment it blocked her staff. Not surprising, considering how the birds appeared to have put it back together with suet, duck tape and shiny things, and I had put it through a lot of abuse. \"I wouldn't have believed it before,\" Jessica mocked. \"But you've actually made yourself more pathetic than ever before.\" \"This is coming from a fangirl who stalks my loser dad.\" She hit me in the head, knocking me on my back. Jessica raised her staff to run it through my skull. \"You slept with your sister.\" I clenched my fist, raising the signet ring. \"And you promote animal cruelty!\" I blasted her back with a hundred beating wings and pecking beaks. I jumped up, and doing my best Green Lantern pose, sent her another angry flock. Miss Terious flew back up from the street, raising her hand to zap me, but at this point, another sky station exploded, indicating the little professor's success. She roared and flew at the saboteur, but as she zoomed through the air, a red beam knocked her into the roof, and I saw an airplane-like Robotech robot floating down on rocket boosters. A second one followed, then a third. Through the window of the first machine, I saw a figure in a fuzzy white bikini. Miss Terious groaned and got up, setting about bashing it to scrap. I guess I should have been paying more attention. As I watched this display, Jessica's staff `rang my bell.' With doubled vision, I willed the birds to my aid, knocking her to the end of the roof, where she balanced precariously on the edge, windmilling her arms, doing that thing cartoon characters do when they're about to fall off a cliff. Instead actually falling, she laughed and straightened, pulling Cupcake's crown out of her cleavage. \"Two can play at that game!\" When I saw her placing it on her head, and recognized what the object was, I gasped. She transformed into a squirrel in a magician's stage assistant costume, you know, the type that's all business on top, no pants on the bottom. \"Don't be so surprised, Drew. It was thanks to Misty and this crown that you're standing here right now.\" She launched a flock of birds at me, raising both hands so that I flew back several yards, landed on a skylight and cracked it. A string of explosions told me that Sarah's robots only served to mildly inconvenience Miss Terious. Whatever I did to help save the world, I would have to do it fast. I tried to get up, but birds swarmed around me, thick as a cloud of flies on a dead body. I swatted at them, shouting that I was the bird king, but magpies got their beaks around my ring, lifting it from my finger. The glass cracked more. I quickly crawled onto a metal roofing piece, making a hasty retreat. \"Goodbye, Drew!\" Jessica shouted. \"Good luck on your future endeavors!\" As I neared a maintenance hatch, a glowing blue figure stepped in my way. \"Where are you going, my king?\" \"It's over. Jessica took my ring, and she has your crown.\" \"You have Kung Fu skills.\" \"She can send a million birds at me, to the point where I can't even get close enough to use those skills.\" \"My king, you do not need a ring, or a crown. You have what it takes to rule inside of you. All the power of the birds lay within your heart. Your love, Drew. That is the key. \" I took a deep breath. \"Okay, Cupcake. You'd better be right.\" \"No, Drew. You must believe I am right. If you doubt, you will be lost.\" \"All right,\" I groaned. \"I'll try. \" On cue, a ghostly pointy eared creature in a robe hobbled up to me with a cane. Not surprised at all, I shouted, \"Yoda! I get the point! \" In response, the little mutant looked constipated. \"Giving you a chili recipe only I was!\" He vanished back into the Great Beyond. I marched back across the roof, raising my hands out in front of me like a Dungeons and Dragons wizard casting magic missile. At first, nothing happened. The birds didn't respond. Jessica just screamed at me, creating her own version of Hitchcock's The Birds to throw at me. \"Drew!\" said a voice in my head. \"The power is within you! A king is not made by his (or her) crown! It is only a symbol!\" I needed no further encouragement. With renewed confidence, I cried, \"My beloved people! Pay no attention to this impostor! She and her friend only want to enslave you! Do you wish to spend the rest of your days in a wood shop?\" The birds faltered, looking confused. \"Master!\" Extra cried. \"No, no, you've got me all wrong!\" Jessica argued. \"I will be a fair and just ruler! With this crown, you read my thoughts! You know this! I mean you no harm!\" She willed the birds to attack, but I raised my hands. \"My people, you also know my thoughts. You know I love you.\" The birds flapped her way, but she raised her hands, and they flapped back. For an entire minute, we played a giant modified version of ping-pong with birds, and then, for reasons I couldn't completely understand, my feathered friends just got horny and started screwing each other in midair. I guess it was all that mental confusion between the compassionate type of love and the romantic/sexual type, possibly on the part of both I and Jessica. I even saw Extra getting into the action, boning the tailfeathers out of a plump green female resembling Cocopetal from Mysterious Cities of Gold. \"Sorry, master!\" he cried when he caught my annoyed glare. \"What the hell is going on?\" my foe shouted in astonished disbelief. She probably would have said the F word, but that would be self explanatory. \"What are you doing! Obey me!\" I laughed. \"I kind of think that's what they're doing. Freudian slip?\" I think she probably considered accusing me of a Freudian slip, but I guess that was too obvious, so she instead blurted, \"I don't know how you did all this without your ring, but I won't let you win. This ends now!\" She pulled out my signet ring, slipping it on her finger. Immediately her hand turned blue, the wave of color spreading from her finger, expanding to her palm and other digits before traveling down her wrist, her forearms... Her legs turned orange, her costume disappearing, replaced by a bra and a diaper. Her Sexy Squirrel face vanished in a wave of blue, and a beak appeared. Jessica looked down at her hands, her feathery waist, crying out in dismay. \"No! What did you do to me!\" I laughed. \"How should I know? You're the one with the bright idea of wearing the crown and the ring at the same time!\" \"I have returned, my king,\" she said in a different voice. \"I am here.\" She clapped her hands over her beak, horrified at what she just blurted. \"Cupcake?\" I cried in shocked disbelief. \"Mmmss mmph kimmm?\" she mumbled through her hand. \"Cupcake, is that really you?\" The bird took her hands away from her beak. \" Really you , as in the bitch is trying to take over my brain? Maybe! \" She clenched her fists in anger. \"I want an explanation. Now!\" \"Um, maybe the crown and the ring shouldn't go together? How's that for an explanation? You want to know what I did to you? Nothing! You did this to yourself!\" That earned me a look of pure hatred. \"If this cannot be reversed, I'm going to kiss you. Kill . I'm going to kill you.\" She reached for her ring finger, grabbing the royal signet, but the moment her digits neared it, the ring vanished. \"No! It's not fair!\" She reached for the crown, but now that was gone as well. \"No! This can't happen! It can't!\" She reddened, glaring at me. I only shrugged. \"You think I asked to become bird king?\" \"Yes. Because you're a dork .\" Jessica bounced her breasts experimentally, then stared at her hands. \"Human thoughts! Human thoughts! I left Tiger with the next door neighbor. What if they overfeed him or kill him, or he runs away while I'm out?\" She remained animated. \"Credit reports. Bills. Someone's going to tow my car because I haven't paid this month.\" Nothing changed. \"I didn't change back!\" Jessica looked troubled for a moment, then turned over her hands, staring at them. \"Yes! Yes! Not the way I pictured it happening, but yes!\" \"See?\" Cupcake said to herself. \"It's not all bad...\" \"Yeah? What about Chad? What about my babies?\" Cupcake didn't answer, she just locked eyes with me. \"No!\" Jessica said. \"Oh God no! Don't you dare!\" \" We want the same things, Jessica,\" Cupcake told herself. \"You just don't want to admit them to yourself.\" \"No. I'm definitely sure I don't want that! \" But her legs were trembling. \" Mostly. \" Without warning, she pulled me into her arms and kissed me with wild passion. A second later, she pulled away and cried, \"Bleah!... Mostly. \" She grabbed me again. \"Jessica, Cupcake,\" I stammered. \" Whoever you are , we need to save the world. We can... do this ...later.\" She nodded. \"You're right.\" Jessica clenched her fists. \"Who said anything about saving it?\" She picked up her staff, raising it to strike me in the head. Her arms stopped in mid swing, like she were the Tin Man without his oil can. The upper and lower portions of her beak ground against each other. \" I'm having issues ,\" she growled through her beak. \"You must stop Miss Terious on your own.\" \"You touch my friend and I'll kiss you!\" Jessica shouted. \"I meant kill! \" \" Sure you did ,\" I said with a laugh. \"Whatever you want to tell yourself.\" \"Good luck, my king,\" Cupcake said. She slapped herself in the face.[Chapter 87] Jessica [0000] So. We beat Flo. Drew and his friends were surprisingly helpful. Having the Ninja Turtles as allies helped, of course, that and the fact that Drew is pretty strong when he turns into Ninja Mouse (or should I say `she turns'? Transgender stuff is confusing, especially how the directors of the Kardassians blur out Katylin's chest like there's something to conceal, but I digress). Drew and his goody two shoes buddies were going to just, I don't know, put Flo in Arkham asylum or some other dumb comic book prison, like she wouldn't just break out and ruin everyone's lives again. So I cut her head off, ending one epic struggle of good versus evil right there. I hope. I guess if she comes back as the Horseless Headsman or Nearly Headless Flo, or something, it might not be too bad... What followed was sort of a self congratulatory circle jerk, with all of Drew's buddies patting each other on the back, saying farewell (\"Sniff, boo hoo, I'll see you in Cool World\") as they disappeared into a magic portal the professor guy created with a spike. The cop came up to me, offering his hand. \"I gotta admit, I was a little suspicious of you at first, especially when you broke the law , but with the exception of some baby incidents, it looks like you're the same sweet little girl that helped me save the world a decade ago. Thanks for helping us stop... that creature. \" I shook his hand. \"My pleasure.\" Of course, I was checking out the other spikes, seeing who had them, where they were. I paused before Cupcake's lifeless body, saddened that it came to this. A flock of birds gathered around her body, chirping their last respects. I decided I would, too. Kneeling by her side, I placed my hand upon her back. \"I'm sorry Misty did this to you. Although I thought you were kind of stuck up and maybe still think that wood shop is a good idea, this is no way to treat someone that tries to save your life and destroy a dangerous enemy. I could have helped you find a real boyfriend , and told you about all the different kinds of kinky sex, but now it's too late.\" I sighed and stroked her head. The flock looked at me strangely, half in anger, the others puzzlement, maybe a couple in lust. They picked up their dead leader, carrying her through the portal. As it passed, a stupid looking buzzard (one of the lusty ones), kissed me on the mouth and flapped away. Is it wrong to say I kinda enjoyed it a little? Maybe I've been spending too much time with Chad or something... All right, so, back to the spikes. Now, I cleverly volunteered to hold onto all three of them . The fourth, of course, having to remain where it was to hold the portal open. Drew's dad was the real selling point, because, well, young innocent Jessica actually did want to save the world, and that animated old guy was kind of my buddy...up until the point where the world went back to normal and I was stranded for ten years in a boring universe where the only cartoons you could find were on TV, and I had to endure my asshole mom yelling at me night and day about how I have to give up the art business and \"get a real job.\" The old bastard didn't even open a portal to send me a crummy animated Christmas card. Once certain that all of Drew's friends and family were back home where they belonged (See? I'm not a total bitch!) I rushed up to the top of the hotel sign, snatched Spike Number Four, then, grabbing Misty's wing (she still hadn't removed that stupid bird crown), ripped Number Five out of its machine and dove through the portal just seconds before it closed. A huge flood of black animated `stuff' came pouring out of the hotel sign like a waterfall, but hey, not my problem anymore. Actually, not a problem, period . I thought it was damn cool the first time it happened. The professor had connected his dimensional porthole to a place that looked like Sealab, but designed by the people who made Myst. An underwater sea base, giant glass dome looking out into an ocean full of exotic fish. ...Including Sorry Charlie, Finding Nemo's friends, and Jabber Jaw. It had fancy pillars, ornate walls decorated with gold, fine art, and inventions of unclear purpose. It could easily be King Triton's vacation home, if you filled the place with water and petite Disney mermaids. For a moment, I wondered how I would get out of there, but then I found elevators . The first thing I did when I got in was grab Misty around the throat. \"What the hell were you thinking!\" I shouted. \"Cupcake was going to help us and you stabbed her in the back! Did you not want to conquer the world, or what! You saw me floating there, as a bird , you saw Cupcake, fighting the other bird queen...what the hell made you think that killing Cupcake was a good idea?\" Misty still looked like an alien bird, but her voice hadn't changed. Well, maybe a little on account of the choking. \"Me and Cupcake have a history ,\" she gasped. \"And I wanted the crown.\" She let out a chicken cluck. \"Now that I'm mentioning it, it's a royal pain in the ass. I keep thinking about bird unions and dismantling the shops. Could you please help me remove this thing?\" I pulled the crown off her head, and she returned to normal, pointing a gun to my head. \"Choke me like that again, and it'll be the last thing you ever do!\" \"Now look here,\" I growled. \"Who is the idiotic bitch who almost screwed her own plans for world domination for petty revenge? I shouldn't even give you the spikes. All you'll do is cock it up like you've done everything else.\" Misty pulled back the hammer on the weapon. \"You take that back!\" \"No. I'm going to put those spikes in that stupid missile of yours, and I'm going to conquer the world, according to your plan, and you'll be lucky if I'll even let you stand back and watch it!\" Misty swallowed. \"Not if I blow your brains out right here.\" I was nervous, but you know what they say, `Fake it until you make it.' \"I've heard if a doodle kills a noid, the noid automatically becomes a doodle forever.\" Technically it was a noid gun, and we'd killed Nazis as doodles and they stayed dead, but I was hoping she wouldn't call my bluff. Misty sighed and put her gun away. \"You're a bitch.\" \"Ditto.\" I offered a hand. \"Friends?\" She frowned. \"Once you arm it, will you be keeping the missile locked on the same exact target I originally built it to target?\" I smiled. \"You know it!\" She shook my hand. I tucked the bird crown into my bikini, looking around the room. I didn't see Chad anywhere. I assumed he was already taking care of our babies. Jack and Holli were.. .making out . Holli, it seemed, had started it, for it was his back to the pillar. \"Whoa,\" he cried, breaking away for a moment. \"What's this about?\" \"I was wrong, Jack,\" she said, caressing his chest. \"I'm tired of being a villainess. You're a real hero, and that bird lady was a douche. I don't want to be like that. I want to settle down and raise a family. I want that house with the white picket fence you told me about.\" Jack narrowed his eyes. \"What's the catch.\" \"No catch.\" \"With you, there's always a catch. You lead me around by my dick so you can carry out some crazy scheme.\" \"That was the old Holli. I guess it's all this time being with you, and other noids. I'm experiencing some real character development, and I want to be different.\" \"Not that I'm complaining, Holli,\" Jack stammered. \"But I'm not sure you're thinking clearly. Are you sure that bird transformation didn't pinch your brain a little?\" \"I don't know. How many times has yours been pinched?\" She sighed. \"Look. Even separate, we've raised our daughter into a good, intelligent young superhero, and you've saved both our worlds, twice. You know what harm crackpot supervillain schemes can do to the real world, and you try to stop them. I'm really starting to respect that.\" She wrapped her arms around him, bringing her face close. \"I'm just wondering if you can erase that boy toy of yours and try to be a family.\" \"Amanda's almost an adult,\" Jack said. \"What kind of family would we be?\" \"I never finished that baby farm paperwork,\" she said. \"We could have another.\" Pressing her mouth to his neck, she added, \"I have never slept with anyone but you.\" Jack frowned, his expression saying volumes. He opened his mouth to contradict her. \"I mean, not once since we first met .\" \"You've been flying too close to my tail feathers. This isn't you.\" \"Isn't it? Get rid of Chori, and you'll see how me it really is!\" Drew's dad lowered his voice. \"You know, I only pretended to be sleeping with Chori. She's only my maid. We never did it.\" After that, they didn't talk. They just kissed. I rolled my eyes. That `Dane' kid from the real world reclined on a sofa that looked like a golden seashell, drawing demonic seahorses that floated through the air playing little guitars. When she saw me, she got up and ran to me. \"Just the doodle I wanted to see! A little bird told me you could take me to see that Master Blaster guy and find my boyfriend! You've got to help me!\" I glanced back at Misty. \"Fine,\" she said with a shrug. Now, Officer Harris and his spider friend had been lurking in this room, smoking cartoon cigarettes and eavesdropping on me, apparently, for now he approached us, looking rather grumpy and serious. \"I couldn't help but overhear your conversation about a missile... one involving five spikes . Now, I'm not entirely certain how you'd put five spikes into a weapon, if Professor Whiskers is, even now, in the process of burying each and every one of those damned things in secret undisclosed locations in the real world.\" \"It's a figure of speech,\" I said. \"We're going to use radioactive rods from one of the nuclear power plants in Cool World.\" He gave me a smug smile. \"Right. That's why your bikini is glowing. \" And he snatched a spike out of my top. I punched him in the face and snatched it away from him. I looked back to warn Misty, but she was already pulling through a glowing circle on the floor. Harris tried to follow, but she shot him in the knees, and while he bled ink on the floor, and his spider came after us, those giant metal hoop things from Stargate dropped down around our bodies. We vanished in glowing light. As the room disappeared, I heard Dane shouting, \"Hey! What about me!\" but I didn't get to find out. I blinked, and we stood inside Master Blaster's jukebox again. His cat friends were dressed in bronze Egyptian apparel, bearing those Joffa laser staffs like they had in all the Stargate shows and movies. Master Blaster wore a similar costume, though considerably more Pharaoh-like, with too much exposed belly. \"I thought it would be more intimidating. What do you think?\" \"You're probably the most accurate representation of Egyptian nobility to date,\" I said. \"Bloated from the excesses gained from exploiting the poor and lower castes.\" Misty elbowed me. Hard. \"Sorry. It looks... nice . Thank you for rescuing us from that cop.\" \"We are prepared to assist you in moving this floating vehicle into the real world,\" Misty said. \"I only ask that you would beam up our weapon, to be discharged upon our arrival on the other side.\" Master Blaster frowned. \"And how much does it weigh?\" \"It's a missile,\" Misty said. \"So... roughly the weight of an elephant. \" I thought about making a fat joke, but I didn't want to step on any... sandals . \"I'm sorry. If I put something of that size onboard, I don't think any amount of spikes will allow for its passage. My jukebox is already too large as it is.\" \"Maybe it should go on a diet,\" I muttered. When he glared at me, I pretended to be having a coughing fit. \"Fine,\" said Misty. \"Here's the deal, then. We help you get your jukebox into the real world, we leave you there to capture as many musical slaves as you can find, and we in turn take the spikes back to arm our missile, maybe give you what's left of the energy once the weapon is deployed. How does that sound?\" Master blaster rubbed his fake Egyptian beard thoughtfully. \"It is fortunate that I have no higher aspiration but to amass as many musical slaves as possible. I agree to your terms.\" I took out all the spikes and placed them in Master Blaster's machine. I suspect he did some renovations to the device in our absence, to allow for the spikes, for I think there weren't that many slots before. Master Blaster played some notes on the pipes, which sounded oddly like that bone organ thing that they had in Goonies , kind of a loud protesting moaning, like a semi truck horn. The whole vehicle shook, the masonry, statues and stuff crumbling and breaking off all around us. Things were getting real. The jukebox, once made completely out of ink and paint, took on more and more attributes of a real building. With all that glass and metal, it was no wonder the thing couldn't escape the pull of Cool World without help. The jukebox vibrated like crazy, the walls glowing all sorts of different colors. I heard a weird grinding noise, then everything took on the appearance of a film with a fish eye lens. There was a deafening pop, and then suddenly the interior became like a jumbo jet remodeled in the rock glamorous style of the Hard Rock Cafe, its huge glass windows displaying a spreading view of the Vegas Strip. \"At last!\" Master Blaster shouted. \"We have broken through the barrier! No more mirrors!\" \"Actually,\" I said. \"We may need something to get back with.\" This gave him pause. \"You're right. My pets will eventually have to do a supply run. \" \"He means ice cream,\" Fat Cat said. \" Well ...\" Misty brushed imaginary dust off her hands. \" It looks like you're situated. If you wouldn't mind, I have a planet to reformat. With those spikes .\" Master Blaster frowned. \"And you're saying I'll still be able to fly around the world and enslave musicians without the spikes.\" \"Yes.\" \"And the musicians will not at all be affected by your transforming weapon.\" \"Of course.\" It seemed the man was changing his mind. He looked very... suspicious . I decided to throw in my two cents. \"Listen. You're an unidentified flying object, which will make it a teensy bit hard for you to not be shot out of the sky by anti-aircraft weapons and the United States Air Force. \"If you allow us to launch that missile with the spikes attached, you won't have to worry about that again. They'll all be under Misty's power. In fact, they'll have you registered on all Federal databases as a protected treasure of national culture. Isn't that right, Misty?\" Misty looked hesitant, but still blurted, \"Yes.\" Master Blaster paused in thought for a long time. \"You must first remove a single spike, to see whether or not it affects the vehicle's performance.\" This we did. I stuffed a spike into my bikini, waited five minutes, and saw no change in the jukebox's stability. It still floated on fat beats and p-funk. So we grabbed another, giving it the same kind of test. Master Blaster's orders. Misty was fuming and stomping her foot angrily, but I convinced her that a great deal of reward can come by the simple act of waiting, reinforcing my point by showing her the spikes I already earned. At last, I had them all, and Blasty opened a mirror portal to Misty's high rise. Sleezington was overjoyed to see his girlfriend again. They were so busy kissing that I had to clear my throat and remind them they had a world to conquer. \"How romantic,\" Sleezington muttered. \"We shall conquer it... together .\" Misty clutched his hand tightly. \"Yes.\" Chad met me in the living room, with Isosceles in the carrier. We kissed just as passionately as the other two, but I was more aware of the time. \"Honey, I'd love to continue this, but it's going to have to wait a minute.\" I pulled out a pair of spikes. \"This needs to be taken care of first.\" He groaned, but nodded appreciatively. We took the elevator down to Misty's underground Bond villain base (it really should have a name, but I never asked her to make one for it) and we entered the missile command station, preparing our weapon. The room containing the device looked like a hangar merged with a silo. Misty's Minions, groups of mutant animal creatures with oddly realistic shading, and, strangest of all, animated birds , all in lab coats and radiation gear, all busied themselves preparing computers and rocket fuel and computer guidance equipment and other weapon components for our mad plan, making me wonder if A: I was underdressed, and B: If I were going to get cancer from carrying around glowing spikes in my bikini. Oh well. I handed all five spikes to Misty, watching her servants screwing them into strategically built sockets along the plating. The rocket rose into a launching position, the ceiling opening to reveal a glowing portal leading to real clouds in a real sky. Chad grabbed me around the waist, pressing his muzzle into my neck. \"Let's go upstairs, wildflower,\" he purred. \"What, and miss the launch?\" \"We can watch from my suite. I have a large screen monitor. High definition . We have ten minutes before the rocket goes off. We can make those minutes interesting, if you like.\" \"Well,\" I said, half heartedly. He tugged my arm. \"Come. I have much I wish to tell you.\" I groaned and rolled my eyes. \" Okayy... I hope I get a good view.\" As Chad led me to the door, Misty gave me a Nazi-esque salute. \"Misty. Do me a favor. Never do that again.\" \"Sorry. It was popular where I crash landed.\" \"Is this in one of those numbered comic books that I'm supposed to have read?\" \"Not this one.\" Misty showed me her origin story in a flashback. It wasn't quite what I expected. It seems that she had an existence outside Cool World, and the stories she told me about her family had been slightly modified to cover the real information. Apparently she had a fling with the little professor guy, before he became a toon, and one of the framed pictures was actually of him and her, though altered a bit to conceal the truth. She touched something on her outfit, and she was a glowing squid-jellyfish thing, floating in the air. \"So. You're going to turn everyone in the world into copies of... that. \" \"Does this disturb you?\" Misty said in a disembodied voice. \"Not really. Whenever I watch an alien invasion movie, I often think that the world might be better if the humans didn't fight back.\" Misty nodded, which is an odd gesture for a tentacled ball of jelly. \"Then enjoy the show. \" \"She means we can go upstairs and have sex if we wish,\" Chad whispered. \"Don't ruin it. And no, I don't think she meant that at all.\" \"I might have meant that,\" Misty said. \"That, uh, really ruins it,\" I groaned. \"Let's...go, Chad.\" We went into the elevator leading to the suite. After a moment of silently standing and listening to the lift, Chad muttered, \"Jessica, are you finished with conquering the world now?\" \"I might be. It's really a lot of work. I had no idea it required so much effort.\" \"So what now?\" he said. \"I...I'm not sure. Maybe I'll draw a few landscapes, see where they take me.\" \"Would you consider settling down ?\" I stared at him. \"What?\" Chad dropped to one knee, pulling out a ring box, which opened to display a disproportionately large diamond that couldn't have fit into such a small box. \"Will you marry me?\" I swallowed hard. \"Uh...Chad...I... I really need to think about this a little. \" I saw an X-ray of his chest, showing his heart shattering into a million pieces. I grabbed his hand and squeezed it. \"Oh Chad. It's not like that . I just need to think about it a little, okay? We already slept together... \" He smiled a little and straightened. \"Perhaps you would like to decide over some champagne.\" I nodded. \"That...sounds... like an idea... \" The doors opened to his suite, and he led me into the kitchen, pouring me champagne that tasted like that \"Mexican\" apple flavored soda pop they serve at Taco Bell. I smiled politely, and he pushed a button, making a movie theater sized monitor slide out of his living room floor. The rocket wasn't doing anything. We were still counting down. \"I and Sleez have been busy while you were gone,\" Chad said. \"My lovely rose, would it disturb you greatly if I said that all of our children, with the exception of Isosceles, have been genetically modified into alien soldiers for Misty's army?\" I paled. \" It might. I mean, I was okay with her changing some into evil soldiers for the empire, but not all of them. I kinda thought I'd have some babies left of my own, to raise as babies. \" \"I was having difficulty taking care of them all. They did nothing but cry all the time.\" \"That's what babies do.\" He shook his head. \"Not doodle babies. Not generally.\" I sighed. \"As long as we have Isosceles, I guess I'll be all right.\" \"I thought you might say that.\" I reddened. \"And what else did you think I'd say!\" \"Love blossom. I have not been entirely honest with you. It is thanks to Misty that we came together. She... arranged for our romance. We've been planning this for some time. The moment you arrived in Cool World, she planned to use us to create babies she could experiment with, to make an army of half doodle noid soldiers.\" \"So you've been lying to me this whole time?\" He gave me this look like he had. \"Your eye, the tutu, your dolls, you being lonely? \" \"No, actually all of that is true. I was lonely, and I do like dolls and ballet. But I...am shy around females , and this as the only way I could... find love. \" He didn't seem that shy to me, but I didn't press the subject. \"Still, this was an act...is all this S&M; gear yours?\" Chad blushed. \" Maybe? \" He pointed to my bikini. \"Would you think me less of a man...if I told you... that is my favorite costume to wear? \" \"Actually... yeah. \" I shuddered a little, stepping back from him. Spotting a book laying open on a table, Chad hurriedly shoved it under a pillow. \"Chad...\" I said in a suspicious, scolding tone. \"What was that?\" His face turned neon pink. \"It is nothing.\" \"Chad...\" My tone was firm. Even. I held out my hand. The kangaroo bashfully handed me the book. When I read the title, the first thing out of my mouth was, \"Oh my God.\" `How to Talk Sexy to a Noid Woman and Make Her Fall Madly in Love With You,' it said. Inside were...several pick up lines he used on me, and advice on how to get into my pants. The funny thing was, every word of it was right. \"How much of this have you read?\" \"Some,\" he said. When I looked skeptical, he added, \"A little,\" then, when that wouldn't do, \"Cover to cover.\" \"Where did you get this!\" I yelled, waving it in his face. Chad trembled, raising his arms defensively. \"Please do not harm me. There is a store . They make these kinds of books for every occasion. You could find one for me, if you so desire.\" \"But how?\" I said. \" How did you know about me? \" \"I found a mirror. One that allows me to see things . You looked very sexy as you drew me. \" \"Okay. Now it's getting creepy. Admittedly, not as creepy as a human stalking me through a mirror, but creepy nonetheless.\" \"I am sorry. I do not wish to be so.\" \"Too late.\" I covered my crotch, but yeah, like that really does anything . \"So. This has all been a scam.\" \" A very enjoyable scam , but yes.\" \" Wow . I...um...I've kinda been used , huh?\" \"You did not object to it so much, did you? You already wanted to conquer the world . You seemed very eager...\" \"True...\" I stepped further back, toward the elevator. \"Where are you going?\" \" Out. I, uh, have to talk to Misty .\" He tried to follow, but I said, \"Please, Chad. I...need time to think. Alone.\" \"Will you also think about marrying me?\" \"I'll also think about that,\" I said, careful not to say anything that could be construed as a yes. \"I'll...I'll be going now.\" \"Passion flower! I still love you ! I have loved no one else this way !\" Please say you will stay and help I and Misty conquer the world!\" \"I'll definitely think about it.\" I stepped into the elevator, staring at him longingly, yet conflicted, not ready to take that plunge into his darker side. My heart said yes, but my brain said wait, and it was time to use my brain. As the doors closed, he gave me a sad pouty look that made me want to run to him and wrap my arms around him, but it was too late. I also realized, much too late, that I had entered an elevator that looked like a skull, and the Go-Go Ghostbusters music was starting in the background. The elevator dropped like all the cables had been cut. I screamed.[Chapter 88] Jessica [0000] I got put through a musical montage in which machines stripped me completely naked and slapped me into a Ghostbusters costume. I got the boot, tumbling down a slide, which, ironically enough, dropped me on top of the other Ghostbusters vehicle, from the other cartoon . I thought I'd at least pull a Fred Flintstone and land in the back seat, but I instead rolled off the shell and landed on pavement. The car sped off without me. No biggie. I didn't want to bust ghosts anyway. I changed back into my other clothes, enduring the wolf whistles and catcalls that were apparently unavoidable in this world, even in a darkened alley, with no audience anywhere in sight. When I exited the alley, I noticed a flock of birds flying overhead, bearing the body of their queen. The time progression didn't seem quite right to me, but I supposed that cartoons always tend to have problems with `real time', often conveniently so, as in James Bond's Incredibly Slow Moving Death Trap. This one proved convenient for the birds, for once I'd spotted the funeral procession, I found myself being swept up into the air with them. They carried me over a really big suburb, one that probably shouldn't be called a suburb on account of its size, but hey, it featured nothing but middle class white people houses... Past this place, I saw a picturesque forest where, I believe, they filmed all those Keebler Elf and Jolly Green Giant commercials...and maybe Bambi type stuff. They took me to the middle of this scenery to a huge ball of twigs. The bird palace. A lot more impressive on the inside than the outside. The interior looked like a castle made entirely out of bent wood. The moment my feet touched ground, my hands got clamped behind my back with shiny sparkly handcuffs, and I got marched through a crowd of animated birds from every conceivable cartoon (Chillee Willy was pissed!), to a large throne at the end of the building. Cupcake's body lay before this throne in a coffin of bent twigs, looking calm and peaceful as Sleeping Beauty, despite the fact she had just been stabbed to death. I found myself standing face to face with that big dark scary owl from The Rats of NIMH , clad in a red robe and a crown. \"Uh...hi,\" I said. \"How are you?\" The owl didn't reply, his glowing eyes slightly unnerving me as he regarded me in statue-like stillness. I decided to clear the air a bit. \"I want to give you guys a formal apology. I told Misty not to kill your queen, but she did it anyway. I had nothing to do with it. She was just being a mean stupid bitch.\" Mr. Owl didn't speak. He just stared. \"Do you actually smile sometimes? Like if someone tickles you?\" At last the owl said, \"Your friend has left a great void in our kingdom. This void cannot remain unfulfilled, or it will destroy your world.\" I swallowed. \"What are you saying?\" \"We need you to rule the kingdom of birds in Cupcake's place.\" I looked around the castle with nervousness. \"No offense, but I don't like birds that much. Their mouths really aren't that expressive, which makes them kind of creepy.\" \"You apologized for the Queen's death. You have remorse, meaning that you still deeply care for all of us.\" Suddenly a hundred birds were giving me sad `puppy dog eyes'. \"Thanks, but no thanks. Don't you guys already have a king? Isn't that what Drew is?... I thought I heard that somewhere. \" The owl nodded. \"He is our king. But we cannot have a monarchy without a queen to rule by his side.\" I cringed. \"Oh no.\" I took several steps backwards. \"Oh God no. No way.\" \" Yes way ,\" he said. \"You are both part noid,\" said one of the blue birds that used to flow me around, Tito , I believe. \"You both care deeply for birds. You are perfect for each other.\" Well, I thought. I had originally tried to sleep with him... Still, this kind of scene really wasn't my thing. \"You showed great creativity and innovation at the baby farms.\" \"In a way a computer hacker shows promise when caught by corporate security,\" the owl agreed. \"So,\" I groaned. \"You want me to beef up your infrastructure. \" \"Precisely.\" I turned to run, but I was still handcuffed, and quickly got buried in flapping wings and feathers. When my vision cleared, I found myself in a little house designed to look like a bird cage, suspended above a bottomless chasm.[Chapter 89] Not a whole lot to do in the little bird house. I mean, it had some creature comforts, like a bed, kitchen, shower, and a TV, but bird cable was a little ridiculous. Judge Whoo-Dy. The Big Bawk Theory. Diners, Fly-Ins and Dives. They had Falcon Crest with literal falcons, and a Doctor Who (actually `Whooo') who occasionally regurgitated a bone puck after devouring a mouse. Corny. I shut it off. I grabbed a controller and was about to play ` Caw of Whoooty' on their `X-Bawks' when I suddenly noticed a glowing blue figure seated in the couch next to me. The queen. She picked up a controller. \"There's a two player cooperative mode on this.\" I shrugged and started a game with her. Nothing really groundbreaking. It was just a generic Call of Duty game with birds in it. \"What we're doing now is symbolic of the joint rule I wish us to have over the bird kingdom.\" \"For that I'm going to blast you,\" I said, unloading a few rounds into her player. We didn't talk for a few minutes. \"What's it like on the other side?\" I asked. \"It's all right. I'm a cartoon character, so I sat on a cloud and played a harp for awhile. Got tired of that, went down to a fun little diaper party in limbo...\" She sighed. \"I was told my time was not yet, which makes what we discuss very important.\" \"What do you want me to do? I saw you getting stabbed and bleed out. Face it, you're history.\" She answered, \"You can return my life to me. If you agree to assume the throne.\" I blasted some uniformed cat on the screen. \"I'm sorry, Cupcake. I can't. You're going to have to go back to your little diaper party. I'm not interested.\" I pressed pause. I expected the screen to say `paws' like it does in some games, but they're birds, so whatever. \"Is there any way I can use this TV to check on that missile Misty sent up? I want to see where it is now.\" Cupcake touched her temples with her fingers, and a wavy bubble appeared before me, showing the rocket taking off in the air. \"There. How's that?\" \"Great. Now look. Isn't there some other way we can bring you back to life that doesn't involve me becoming queen forever?\" \"I don't see why you're making such a fuss over it, Jessica. Do you have something important to do in the noid realm?\" She had me there. I didn't. Other than conquering the world, which I wasn't sure I wanted to do anymore. Still, it was better than hanging out with all the bird brains...\"I...can I have some time to think this over? It's a lot of responsibility...\" Cupcake gave me a nod. \"I'll give you a day to think it over. When you're ready, simply place my crown upon your head, and wear my symbol. You do have my crown, don't you? I pulled it out of my bikini. \"Right here.\" \"Good.\" She touched the crown, and it glowed, the inside flaring with a string of glowing Elvish symbols. Well, they looked Elvish to me, and I'm mostly basing this off of a collectible glass I got from Burger King, not because I'm a geek. \"Uh, Cupcake? Can I please go outside to think this over?\" \"You most certainly may.\" She wiggled her beak and the cage door suddenly popped open. I hurried to the `porch', looking around for a way to safely cross the chasm, but there wasn't any. \"I meant your castle. Can you help me out a bit further by taking me back where I came from? Please?\" Cupcake smiled. \"It would be my pleasure. All you need to do is wear the crown , and summon the birds to your aid. \" I rolled my eyes. \" Nice try. If you wouldn't mind...\" Instead of helping me, she vanished. \"Stupid bitch,\" I grumbled. \"You're actually making me glad you're dead!\" All of a sudden, I see a bunch of termites chewing a hole through the wall of this dungeon, one big enough for a person to walk through. And then Misty came through the opening on the back of a giant scarab beetle. The bug flew across the chasm, latching onto my cage. \"Are you cozy here? Or would you like a ride out?\" \"Out, please.\" She ordered her bug to rip open some bars, and in no time I was back outside, zooming over the forest. \"Be careful with the wings. This belongs to my sister.\" \"You know, I haven't seen your sister around, Insectia , isn't it?\" \"Yes, that's her name.\" \"If I remember your story correctly, shouldn't she be stuck in a capsule somewhere, ready to be awakened, instead of hanging around with bugs in Cool World?\" Misty sighed. \"Okay. You got me. I actually cloned myself, and there was a bug inside the machine at the time.\" I chuckled. \"I see.\" \"I hear you and Chad got into a disagreement,\" she said as we crossed over suburbia. \" I admit I haven't been very forthcoming about certain things... \" \"Yeah,\" I agreed. \"Of course, I can't honestly tell you that I didn't have fun...\" \"So you'll stay and help Chad raise Isosceles?\" \"I thought I'd have more to raise than just that.\" Misty brought the bug to the ground in front of the apartment. \"Oh come now. You honestly expect me to believe that you'd be happy as a full time stay at home mom?\" \"These are semi-animated children we're talking about. I wouldn't have to change poopy diapers or clean up barf or scrub slimy Cheerios out of my car upholstery, so yes.\" She gave me a consoling pat on the shoulder. \"I'm sorry. I thought, with you knowing villains as well as you do, that this wouldn't be a surprise.\" I thought about it a minute. \"I guess you have a point. I'm not really that shocked. I'm more disturbed than anything. And mostly on account of Chad.\" \"You don't necessarily have to stay with him if you don't want to.\" I didn't know if I wanted that, either. \"Well...\" Misty dismounted her flying steed, clapping her hands. \"Let's focus on conquering the world, shall we?\" \"That's an excellent idea.\" Misty had one of Master Blaster's magic mirrors set up next to her missile launch station, so we only had to step through to enter the floating jukebox. We hovered over downtown Kansas City. Below me I could see a pointy concrete skyscraper with a multicolored prism on top, likely the KCPL building, and a few streets away, the Bartle Hall convention center. Me and that center had a love-hate relationship. I sold a couple prints during an art show one year, but the following year, nada , and this creep kept trying to stalk me in the bathrooms and pull down my skirt. And don't get me started on their sales tax. How is anyone supposed to make a profit when tax equals the amount of your sale? I stared at the building in disbelief. \"Seriously? Here ?\" Misty pointed at the metal turnstile things on top of the structure. \"Do those look like a feature of an ordinary building to you?\" \"No. I've always thought those came from outer space. They're hideous.\" \"Disguising them as pathetic attempts at sculpture was part of the plan.\" \"That was a good plan!\" \"Now. I need you to guard the stations at Bartle while I take over the main pod at KCPL. Can you do that?\" \"I'm right on top of that, Rose.\" She stared. \"My name isn't Rose.\" \"Never mind,\" I groaned. \"It was in a movie.\" Master Blaster used those giant Stargate rings to beam us into position. I waited on the roof for maybe a half hour, and then the missile came, smashing the glass prism on the other building, electrifying it and the sky stations. Well, mostly the prism. A few minutes later, Drew and his buddies came in, wrecking everything. We fought. To make himself even more of a prick, Drew had his magic ring, sending huge flocks of birds at me, trying to knock me into the street below. I'm sorry, but Drew was really pissing me off. I knew his weak spot was real stuff like taxes and his bank, so I brought down his defenses by reminding him of these things, again and again. I threw him through a skylight, into the convention center. Before I dropped him, I stole his ring. I thought that would be the end of him, or at least hurt him enough to leave our stuff alone, but no. He pops back out and we start fighting again. Apparently he drank or ate something that made him permanently doodle-fied, which made him a pain in the ass to kill or throw off the roof. In addition to that, he somehow managed to control the swarms of cartoon birds with nothing but his mind. I guess he always was a bird brain. I wore the crown out of desperation. The moment I put it on my head, I knew it was a mistake, but what was I supposed to do? He was about to kill me! \"I knew you'd change your mind,\" Cupcake's voice said inside my head. \" You will make a fine queen .\" I didn't answer verbally, but in my mind I saw myself commanding an army of evil birds, aiding Misty with her ambitious project, and, most importantly, exploiting the feathered kingdom for menial woodworking tasks. I could feel the bird queen smugly observing these thoughts, scoffing at them. I called the birds to attack Drew and throw him over the side. Drew, I guess, had been doing the same. And then, I don't really know why, but our birds all started... going to town on each other, like it were mating season or something. Drew suggested it was a Freudian slip, but...well... Okay, fine. I was kinda thinking about being his queen, but it wasn't a conscious thought that I'd intentionally think on purpose. Anyway, there was only one way to even the fight in my favor, and that was putting on that stupid ring I stole from him. I probably shouldn't have done that either. Cupcake took over my body. She possessed me. My ordinarily sexy doodle body became... bleah . All right, so she's kind of cute, but it's not something I want to wake up and stare at in the mirror every morning. \"What did you do to me?\" \"I'm making you into a queen.\" My brain flooded with ideas about restructuring the baby farms. I slapped myself, trying to force myself to stop thinking about it. \"Stop! I want my body back!\" \"When I'm through with you, you won't want it back.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" I asked. She didn't answer, she just told Drew to continue ruining Misty's plans, while she. ..resolved our issues . \"Tell me,\" I said. \"What's happening to me? Why is this happening?\" I could see her ghost smiling and winking at me. \"You know perfectly well, Jessica. For now we share the same mind.\" \"Shut up!\" I shouted. \"You're dead!\" \"Yes. And you are partly responsible.\" \"So this is revenge.\" \"Not quite. In death, I have gone beyond that. Jessica, the crown of the bird queen can only be worn by someone who is worthy in thought.\" I laughed. \" You really think I'm royal material.\" \"No. That is why I had to leave my diaper party in the Great Beyond to join minds with you. You are not worthy on your own, so I must shape you into a proper queen.\" \"By possessing me.\" \"It has been proven necessary.\" \"What about Misty? She wore the crown, but nothing happened to her...\" \"She did not assume the throne. My people allied to her out of simple necessity. They didn't want someone worse than her enslaving them. The ancients understood her intentions in thought enough to allow her power only until Flo no longer posed a threat. Your friend agreed mentally to abdicate the moment this was a certainty. \"You, on the other hand, defeated Flo. This cannot be understated.\" No good deed goes unpunished, I thought. \"And what about the ring?\" \"The ring is the heart of the bird queen. Only a leader with a kind compassionate heart can be deemed worthy of wearing the ring.\" \"Hence why you transformed my body into this,\" I groaned. \"Actually, you do have more compassion than you let on, which is why I haven't destroyed you utterly from this body. There is a real bird queen's heart beating feebly within your breast. You don't want to admit it, but your heart hurts a little every time you see an animal being abused.\" \"Well...\" I sighed and shook my head. \"Are you going to give my body back sometime? Please say you are. Please. \" She answered by slowly waving her hand at me. And then, reality faded away, and I found myself floating in a white void, occupied by giant crystals with bird perches, suspended by nothing, and large ghostly bird heads that reminded me of that Necronomocon guy from Evil Dead . I drifted downwards, alighting on a long wooden board. When I glanced backwards, I came to the sudden realization that I had taken the place of a kookoo in an immense kookoo clock. At present, the board didn't look like it was going anywhere, so I just took in my surroundings. \"Hello?\" My voice echoed through this place like I were in a cave. \"Is there anyone there?\" A flock of winged creatures in red capes came flapping down from the void above me, settling on the perches of the surrounding crystals. All birds, all in robes, looking like those blue midgets from the Green Lantern comics. \"Can someone explain what's going on? Please?\" Suddenly Cupcake appeared in the air next to me, a hovering blue phantom in Depends. \"I think a more in-depth explanation is in order. I believe you deserve that much.\" \"Ready, go! \" I said impatiently. Cupcake cleared her throat. \"Your friend's spear was made of noid alloy, which means my old body cannot survive in its current state. It will likely turn colorless and fade into nothing.\" \"But that's okay. You have your limbo diaper party.\" \"I'm afraid it isn't that simple. You see, I'm too important.\" \" The bird kingdom must never be without a queen to rule the Roost,\" a robed crow on one of the perches said in an ominous booming voice. I noticed the Sorceress from He-Man seated on a crystal next to my clock, looking very frail. \"My power continues to weaken as long as there is no bird queen on the throne!\" she cried in an overly melodramatic way. Groan. \"You have been selected for the replacement of our queen,\" said the blue bird from the Disney movie, Rio , also in a robe. \"But your education is not yet complete.\" \"Education! I have a four year bachelors degree from art school! \" Everyone laughed at me, and it echoed. \"I will take over your body, to teach you the right way,\" Cupcake said. \"When you have learned to rule the kingdom to my satisfaction, I will depart, and you will regain the use of your body once more.\" I suddenly felt cold. \"And what if I never do?\" \"I am a fictional character. By joining your mind with mine, you add memories, knowledge, and a rich tapestry of emotion, giving my personality a depth previously unheard of since the very beginning of Cool World.\" \"So I'm fleshing out your flat character.\" \"Perhaps you should think of it as me fleshing out yours!\" \"Are you saying my personality is flat?\" I said, anger edging into my voice. \"No...but you do strike me as a bit... shallow. \" \"I'd strike you , if you weren't already a ghost!\" She only smiled. \"I have taken you to this mystic place to help you through the transition. This way, if I decide to do something you find unpleasant , like, for example, killing your friend Miss Terious , or having sex with Drew , you will have a place to stay in, until you can learn to accept the new situation.\" I shuddered. \"Ugh! Seriously?\" \"It is an appropriate villain's punishment, I'd say. One that is more than fair to both parties involved. You'll still be you. I'll just borrow your body from time to time, and you, in turn, can take care of important matters where my body resides.\" \"So, what. Do I just float around here and talk to robed Woody Woodpecker while you ruin my life?\" I wasn't joking. He was standing on the perch to the left of my clock. \"Actually, I did have another plan for you...You see, Cool World has a magical history, and I have ways of sending your consciousness back there, into the body of another doodle , while I take care of matters elsewhere. \" \"Why don't you go elsewhere and get out of my head?\" \"Eventually I will. But at present, I have to save the world. Enjoy your little vacation in... Dungeons and Dragons !\" \"What?\" I said, but by then the realm of the bird council was gone, and I lay sprawled in a field somewhere in the middle of a forest. Looking down, I saw that my arms had become titanium white, and ended in hooves . Hooves! I thought. You're a bird queen! What right do you have putting anyone into the body of a hoofed thing? But then I saw a scrawny looking wizard in a green robe, who just happened to have a bird-like beak...due to being a dragon. \"Uni!\" he called. \"Uni!\" Next to him, a little barbarian guy, a bird beaked dragon in a Viking helmet, was yelling too. \"Uni!\" I looked around to see if I could humor him by finding this enigmatic \"Uni,\" whatever it was, but as I was circling around, the barbarian guy rushed over to me, squeezing me to his chest. \"There you are!\" And then he kissed me on the mouth, which was extra strange. I jumped out of his arms, shaking myself indignantly. \"All right. That's enough of that!\" I shouted, but the only thing that came out was, \"Nyaah myaah nyaah.\" This. I had to deal with this while Cupcake took off with my body and ruined everything. In an impotent rage, I pounded my hooves against the dirt and screamed. \"Myaaaaah!\" 000000000000 Drew 000000000000 \"Drew!\" Whiskers called from a sky station. \"I'm about to reverse the polarity on the neutron flow! Keep Emm away from the pylon!\" I gave him a grim nod. \"Turtles!\" I shouted as I chased after Miss Terious. \"Cats! Birds! Anyone! This is your chance to save the world! Stop her!\" The moment I said this, four strange figures leapt down from the sky stations, blocking my path. They resembled Miss Terious, with only slight variations. For example, one female was green, with a pony tail and mandibles sticking out of her jaw. One had no eyes, and had a proboscis for a mouth. There was a male, but he wore an exoskeleton bikini similar to the others. It seemed they had been restored from hibernation just like Emm had planned. Whiskers climbed down the fourth pylon, his task completed. Miss Terious had been fleeing, but now she stopped, shouting to her comrades. \"Attack and kill those saboteurs, then repair the sky stations! Zorbatron must live again!\" The other aliens cheered in agreement, going on the offensive. I sent my birds ahead, but the aliens drew swords and diced them to bits. I would have sent another swarm, but I felt bad enough about the last one. The Ninja Turtles came in, engaging in combat with them, but they got thrown across the roof. The male alien flung my sister down to the street, but I figured she was okay, being completely animated and all. Riffraff and Cleo charged with their barbarian weapons, but they fared no better. Neither did Sneezer. Even Master Splinter with his Kung Fu moves, couldn't get through. I thought we were done for until I heard the last sky station explode. Misty's crewmates turned toward the source of the noise, and as they did, the top of KCPL exploded. The aliens screamed, clutched their chests, and collapsed on the roof. It seemed they hadn't fully charged or something. \"No!\" Miss Terious yelled angrily. Actually, one of the creatures survived. The green lady. All of a sudden, this alien's body turned titanium white, and a stalk with a ball of red fur at the top exploded from her head. She gained cat ears, and...weight. \"I feel funny, kupo,\" the creature said. \"I climbed inside one of those sky stations, and it messed me up bad, kupo.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Sorry to hear that. Can you please help me stop this crazy-\" A second later, I see a real knife tearing a hole through the mog's chest, a pint of ink gushing from the wound. \"I'm sorry, kupo. I think I'm dead.\" She collapsed on the roof. \"It's just you and me now,\" I said, marching up to Miss Terious. She snatched the knife (a real blade) out of Ms. Kupo's back, sticking it onto a staff she formed out of energy. \"I can take you.\" \"I'd like to see you try.\" And I came at her with flying punches and kicks. The trouble was, she had a weapon and I didn't. I had to duck her swings in order to slip in a punch, and quite a few times she'd clobber me with the dull end of the staff, and I'd fall on the roof. I sent a bird swarm after her, but she only lowered her visor and shot some sticky gunk at the whole mess of them, trapping them on the ground. \"How do you think I caught the ones before?\" she said with a self satisfied grin. With cartoon speeds equaling my own, she swept my feet out from under me with her staff. This time I stayed down. She had me pinned by the throat. Her staff twirled around, and she had the real knife poised at my throat, ready to end my life. \"You leave my king alone!\" a voice shouted. Looking back, I saw Cupcake approaching with the nasty metal spear she'd been originally stabbed with. \"You?\" Miss Terious cried. \"Back from the grave?\" She whirled her staff in challenge, careful to keep her foot pressed against my throat as she did so. \"We have to do something about that !\" The two faced each other with their staffs, striking each other, blocking, neither one giving an inch. I got up from the ground, and tried to help, but Miss Terious knocked me into a pylon. \"It was the crown,\" Miss Terious said to Cupcake. \"Wasn't it?\" Cupcake blocked another strike. \"Yes.\" \"If I beat you,\" Miss Terious said, swinging her staff. \"The bird empire ends. I take your throne, and your people will have a great future in manufacturing. All of them! \" \"And if I win,\" Cupcake said. \"I will take your body to replace mine!\" The statement caused Miss Terious to miss a swing. \"What are you using right now?\" Cupcake gave her a nasty smile. \"Guess.\" \"Jessica?\" The bird shoved her spear through Miss Terious's stomach. \"No!\" the Zorbatronian cried. \"This can't be!\" \"Oh, but it is!\" Miss Terious's visor snapped down over her face. \"I will never surrender my body to you!\" She paused. \"Okay, that sounded really bad, but you get the idea.\" Miss Terious took a small glowing pill out of her cleavage, swallowed it, and her whole body incinerated into ash. \"No!\" Cupcake yelled. \"You can't!\" But she could. Cupcake burst into tears. \"C'mon,\" I said, putting my hand on her shoulder. \"Let's go home.\" The bird queen blushed, looking all excited. \"You mean...?\" I cringed. \"Uh, I don't know . Maybe. Let's just...go back to Cool World. We'll... figure that out later.\" Whiskers waddled up to me, glancing backward at the KCPL building. \"You think it's safe now?\" I asked. \"I'm not certain of anything. The devices have absorbed a great deal of the spikes' power. Now that we have our villains out of the way, it should be no problem getting what remains of the spikes into safer hiding places.\" I nodded. \"I'll help in any way I can.\" The jukebox in the sky, apparently aware of what had just happened, zipped away from the convention center in a hurry. With the help of the birds, we searched all around the building where Misty's missile had exploded, but didn't find the spikes anywhere, even when Whiskers used a device he'd specially designed to detect such things. Satisfied that we'd given the area a thorough search and found nothing, we returned to the bank from which we'd come, my birds taking all the broken alien machinery back to Cool World. The streets were crowded with people, police, and policemen on horseback. Cars backed up for blocks, several cop cars contributing to the jam. Everyone stared at us. When we stepped through the shattered windows of the bank, a cop got on his bullhorn, yelling, \"Hold it right there! Nobody make another move!\" I just looked at him with an expression that said, `Seriously?', stepping into the lobby. Cupcake caused her servants to bury the officer in bird droppings a second later. \"Would you like to go out for sushi?\" Splinter asked me as we marched through the hallway on the other side of the dimensional gate. I frowned. \"No.\" But then, well, I guess I had gained some new hormones or something, for, after looking into his eyes, I suddenly changed my mind. \"I...suppose it wouldn't kill me...\" So there it is. The entire story of what brought me into this strange existence in an animated parallel universe. Master Blaster still abducts musicians, but we kinda left that one alone because he always puts them back after a few weeks, and it really makes the music interesting. Dane and her boyfriend are happily `enslaved' together on Master Blaster's ship. It turns out the first pregnancy test she did was incorrect, but now she's pregnant for real. And super excited. Extra stayed with the green bird he had (ahem) introduced himself to at Bartle Hall. They're happy together. Okay, so the next Ninja Turtles book, or cartoon show, is going to be a little weird. Me and Master Splinter, we, um, tied the knot . Every day we go outside and do Tai Chi. We rule as king and queen over the bird kingdom, and the turtles are our royal knights. Technically I'm an empress , because we're both Asiatic. Kind of. At any rate, it sounds cooler. We have two sons, Titian and Rembrandt. That was Splinter's idea. Cupcake still has issues. She and Jessica, sharing the same body for some time, have grown into each other, like the symbiote on Stargate or something. She's madly in love with Sneezer, which is cool because I can't seem to change out of my rat girl form. She really turned the bird farms around. The storks can barely keep up with the amount of babies she's allowing to roll off the assembly line, but she's developed a system that makes it all work. She tells me it's like Amazon, but I'm not so sure if that's an adequate description. After Jessica transformed into Cupcake, Chad failed to recognize the girl's new self, becoming terribly depressed. I'd go out with Splinter or something and see the guy nursing a milkshake at Hoofnagels. I hated to see him like that. When I told Amanda about his predicament, she actually seemed interested, and came by to visit him. Something between them must have worked out, because now they share the same apartment, and it seems they can't see enough of each other. She hadn't told me this before, but they grew up together. Well, adjacent to one another . They ran into each other a few times when playing with The Muppet Babies and the Get Along Gang , and went to high school with Archie. Amanda didn't even care that he's a single dad. She loved caring for Isosceles. I'm happy for them. Dad and Holli got back together, and it seems like it's for good. He sent Chori Tart away, so she's moved in with Mr. Sleezington. They run the army of half human doodles, which my army has to fight from time to time, in comic book fashion. Weird, huh? Riffraff and Cleo settled down, ruling their own fiefdom in the Shadow Realm. Their car, was not only recovered and repaired, but somehow paid in full, though I'm not sure how they did it. Some wacky adventure as usual, I suppose. Whiskers, well, that one's a little strange. He fell in love with that alligator from the sewer that kept following me around. At first, it was like he had a pet. And then, I saw them kissing . It turns out that there was an actual green humanoid lady trapped beneath that overweight reptile body, and Whisker's kiss broke a magic spell, making their relationship a normal scientist plus superheroine thing. I'm glad, because it would have been disgusting otherwise. We still haven't heard anything about the spikes. I think we won't be hearing from them anymore, at least, not for a very long time. The portals to Cool World are all closed now, unless you happen to get captured by Master Blaster. But that requires talent . If you're lucky . Talented or not, you can still catch our adventures in the newest issue of Cool World, coming to your local comic book store this summer. That's all, folks.[Chapter 90] The story I'm telling you now is not as dramatic as the one you just read, but it still involves Cool World, and it is very important to me. It involves what happened after Misty's defeat, me, Splinter, the Bird Empire, and Amanda. It also involves the Howlers, Dane, and a shovel wielding bear with a park ranger's hat. We were walking through the hallway of the Ewes Bank building. A white hallway with fake marble floor tiles. I had just agreed to go out for sushi with Master Splinter. As we were walking quietly along, I found a brown hand wrapping around my own. The other rat smiled at me in a way I wasn't comfortable with. I pushed his hand away. He came to an abrupt stop. \" Drew San , if you do not like me, then tell me plainly, and I will go. Otherwise, why do you recoil from me?\" \"I...\" I stammered. I had to make a choice, and fast. I either had to get used to being... admired by Sensei, or not hang out with him at all. I couldn't not like Splinter. In fact, I remembered watching his show when I first came through puberty, and experiencing feelings about the rat I didn't know I had. Feelings I didn't want to admit, even to myself. Blushing hotly, I took his hand in mine and squeezed it. \" Better, \" he said. He was a creature of few words, that Splinter. But that's what I liked about him. Among other things. \"Master,\" Leonardo said. \"Are we going to need to build an extra room in the sewer for her ?\" Splinter glanced at me, raising an eyebrow. \"Uh...\" I said. \"It is not necessary,\" he said to his student. \" We can share the same room. \" \"We can?\" I blurted. He just smiled. \"Master Splinter,\" I said. \"Don't get me wrong, I like you, but you're moving a little too fast. \" Funny me asking such a thing from a speedy Kung Fu rodent. Splinter laughed. \"I am sorry. I have been alone too long. I have forgotten my manners.\" \"Also, I'm not too wild about sewers.\" Extra fluttered between us. \"Master is king of the bird people! \" he said with pride. \"Why should he sleep in a dirty sewer when he has a palace with a luxury nest? \" \"Uh, thank you, Extra,\" I said, turning the options over in my mind. \"I had originally intended to just stay at Amanda's again, but...\" \"I would like to see this bird palace, \" Splinter said. I shrugged. \"No problem, sensei.\" \" Yamato ,\" he insisted. \"Right. No problem, Yamato. \" \"Master,\" Extra said. \"Are you going to marry this rat?\" \"Extra!\" I cried. \"I love you, buddy, but sometimes you need to back off and mind your own business.\" His feathers turned a bit pink. \"My apologies, master, but as ruler of the Bird Kingdom, your every act is of great importance to your royal subjects. The...spouse you choose to marry could have considerable impact on our people's future.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Are you saying I should marry someone you selected?\" \"No master,\" he replied. \"Master Splinter is very satisfactory...if you choose to have him as your husband...\" \"You'll make a cute couple,\" Amanda said behind me. \"Let me know when you decide to do it. I want to watch.\" \"Amanda!\" I exclaimed in disgust. \"Don't act so surprised, Drew,\" she said. \"Remember when I got out the popcorn for you and Sneezer?\" I cringed. \"I...would he honored,\" Splinter said with a smile. I was now pretty much completely pink, my embarrassment visible for all to see, as is the custom of many cartoons. Splinter chuckled. Cupcake, still in her bra, cape and diaper, strolled up beside me, taking my other hand. \" My king,\" she said with a smile. \"I know you seem to be permanently female now, but that doesn't change the way I feel about you. We can still have a good time , if you get my meaning.\" I swallowed. First Cleo, now her. What was wrong with these cartoon women? Splinter chuckled more as he heard this. \" It appears I have found quite the treasure. \" Cupcake suddenly contradicted herself by going, \"Eew!\" and wiping her hand on her orange leg. \"Nice of you to join us, Jessica,\" Cupcake muttered. \"I feel like I'm in a body snatchers movie,\" she told herself. \"When can I stick you back in your pod and shoot you into outer space?\" \"When you have become a fair and just ruler,\" she answered. \"Can I watch too?\" Sneezer asked me as he stepped in front. \"Would you rather watch, or participate ?\" Cupcake asked. The mouse spun around quickly, staring at her. \" What do you mean by that? \" Cupcake pointed to her chest, then slapped her diaper. \"What's...the catch?\" \"You have to deal with two of us. \" \"A threesome , eh?\" he said with a growing grin. \" I'm sure it won't kill me... \" \"How about a foursome ? If I can get the king onboard...gross.\" \"If it's gross, why did you suggest it?\" \"Sorry,\" Cupcake said. \"It's the other girl , you know. It may take awhile for us to work up to that one, anyway. But both of us think you're scrumptious.\" \"A bird , thinks that I'm scrumptious?\" \"Stranger things have happened...Do you mind that I wear diapers?\" Sneezer pulled up his loincloth, revealing that he wore one as well. \" Nope. \" \"God,\" Jessica Cupcake muttered. \"Seriously?\" \"Don't act so disgusted, Jessica,\" Cupcake Cupcake said. \"It was your idea in the first place.\" Jessica Cupcake just groaned. Hearing a sigh behind me, I looked back and saw Whiskers looking rather depressed. \"Problem, boss?\" \"Oh, it's nothing. \" \"It's Miss Terious, isn't it?\" I asked. Whiskers nodded sadly. \"Indeed. Once more I am alone. She was my one true love. I had great hopes for her. I thought we had something together. If only she hadn't attempted to conquer the world!\" he shook his head. Amanda rubbed him on the head. \"You'll find another. I'm sure someone will show up eventually. You just got to keep your eyes open. Just look at Drew! \" Whiskers shuddered in disgust. \"You're not helping.\" \"What I mean is, he pursued one woman, and found me instead. \" \"He also changed sexes.\" Amanda shrugged. \"I have that affect on people. Still, I think it wouldn't hurt to keep your eyes open.\" He glanced at her as if momentarily considering her as a candidate, but then looked down. \"I...suppose so...but not every woman enjoys a good book or a soccer game, or tea and scones, and knows how to do technical things...\" \"Like hooking up cable TV?\" I said in a half jest. He stared at me. \"I...suppose that would be technical...\" I opened my mouth, then closed it again. \" Nah... \" Whiskers looked hopeful. \"Do you know someone? \" \"Um...not really,\" I said. \"What do you mean, not really?\" \"She's not really your type.\" \"How do you know what my type is?\" I sighed in frustration. \"It's an alligator, okay? It lives in the sewer. \" He frowned. \"Oh.\" \"Wait,\" Cupcake said suddenly. \"Where's Chad?\" \"Not sure,\" I muttered. Between where I was and the end of the hallway, at the plot hole, I couldn't see him or the baby. \"Chad?\" Cupcake called. No answer. \"I think he's still at Bartle Hall,\" I said. For a moment, she looked glum, but then she suddenly laughed, clapping her hands. A crow and a sparrow popped out of her bra, giving her a salute. She whispered something to them, and a second later the hallway filled with a cloud of flapping wings. When the feathers cleared, Chad was standing before her, looking disoriented. \"Cupcake! Where's Jessica?\" \"Chad,\" she said softly. \" I'm here. \" \"I know you're here, Cupcake, but what happened to Jessica?\" Cupcake pointed to her chest. \"She's in here. Cupcake took over her body, and changed it to this . But your girlfriend is still in here.\" Chad frowned. \"Nice try, Cupcake.\" \"You don't believe us?\" He shook his head. \"Perhaps if you turned into Jessica.\" I saw tears rolling down Cupcake's beak. \"I...can't do that.\" \"As I said, nice try. \" Cupcake started crying. It sounded like chirping. \"I am the mother of your child!\" \"No you're not. You're the baby farm woman.\" \"You didn't see me transform?\" \"No I did not.\" Cupcake rushed up to him, grabbing him by the shoulders and shaking him. \"It's me, you dumb kangaroo! Jessica! I'm in here!\" \"Jessica doesn't wear diapers,\" she said. \" It wasn't my idea, \" she growled through her beak. \" Mostly. It's me! Cupcake, I mean Jessica! Jessica!\" Chad just frowned at her. \"Wait,\" she blurted. \"At least let me take care of Isosceles, until she returns. \" He shook his head violently. \"I am sorry. I am not comfortable with that. I will care for him myself, until she comes back.\" \"You idiot,\" she whispered. \"I should have known.\" She dropped to her knees and sobbed. \"Please don't do that,\" Chad said. \"I don't like cry babies. I already have one in my carrier.\" On cue, Isosceles also started crying. The kangaroo hurried away from the bird. \"That's not fair!\" Cupcake moaned. \"You stupid bird! You ruined everything!\" \"Now now,\" she answered herself. \"Keep it up and I'll put you back in the unicorn.\" \"It's my body!\" \"I know. You'll get it back once you show yourself to be an honorable queen.\" \"After Chad finds another woman,\" she muttered. \" Perhaps. This wouldn't have happened if you hadn't tried to conquer the world.\" \"Stupid bird brain. I hate you.\" \"How do you think I felt when you practically destroyed my baby factory?\" \"You helped kill Misty. I hope you have a plan for all those so called aborted babies.\" \"Now that we have a king, and your memories, I'm sure, between us, we can handle both operations.\" Cupcake marched up to me, giving me a little bow. \"My king.\" \"Your... highness ,\" I stammered. She screamed and scampered off down an adjoining hallway. Sheep had remade the front of the building in ink and paint. I don't know where the real money went to, but it wasn't to that. I guess it shouldn't surprise me. The interest banks take out of your checking for minimum balance don't necessarily translate into quality service, or anything else you think it will go to. I stepped toward that lobby, but Splinter pulled me back. \"That way is to Las Vegas .\" I frowned. \"Oh.\" That got me thinking. I'd never work at my old job again. That apartment...gone. Bank account...forget it. Family reunions? I don't think so. That old me was gone forever. \"You...look unhappy,\" Splinter said. \"...Nothing,\" I answered. \"It's nothing.\" \"Good job, Bird King ,\" Riffraff said as he passed me. \"You weren't so bad yourself,\" I said. I glanced at Cleo. \" Both of you. \" His wife winked at me. I quickly looked away. The cats marched out the west entrance. Mr. Guillotte was watching us as we passed through the hallway. He...seemed to recognize me. \"Weren't you in the Legal Action Matrix?\" he asked. \"No,\" I said. \"Wait, no,\" he said. \"I got it. You were the genius who disappeared after that one training class. You know, we could still use some help. If you wanted to go through training again...\" \"I'll...think about it,\" I said. \"This place kind of damaged my work ethic.\" \" Tell me about it, \" he said with a roll of his eyes. \"That, and my appetite.\" I kept going. It was daytime, around noon, I believe, though it felt much later than that. In our absence, April O' Neal had parked the Turtlemobile outside the side entrance. When she saw Splinter and I walking hand in hand to her door, she laughed. \"What!\" I snapped indignantly. \"Nothing,\" she said with a grin. \"It's cute. I'm happy for you. Maybe now he'll stop lurking around my shower.\" Splinter cleared his throat. \" I bring her towels. \" Suddenly feeling uncomfortable, I relaxed my grip on his paw. \"You must teach me to be better,\" he said in an apologetic tone. \"You must be my love sensei. \" \"Anything else I should be warned about?\" I asked the woman. \"He's lactose intolerant. You should get him something before he starts chowing down on pizza.\" \"Bad habit from my sons,\" he said. \"Rice is much healthier.\" April opened her mouth to say something else. \"Please,\" I groaned. \"I think I've heard enough.\" Splinter took my hand. I didn't resist. A ride in the Shellraiser or whatever is not exactly as romantic as a limo, but in Cool World, stuff like that tends to be kind of cheesy anyway. Honestly, a ride in a grungy van filled with turtles and weaponry made me feel more special, like `one of the guys.' Okay, that sounded bad, but it's pretty accurate. We sat on padded benches. Only April and Leonardo got seats, because they were up front. Amanda came along...to watch. Sneezer and Cupcake came along too. Same reason. I half expected Riffraff to join us, but they had run off somewhere . Thankfully, this was the end of my spectator list...well, except for the birds. As the wagon drove along, the bird started crying again. \"How can he be so stupid? He knows it's me! Why can't he see it?\" \"I don't know,\" Amanda said. \"Nobody can tell that Clark Kent is really Superman with glasses,\" I suggested. Donatello stared at me. \"You're saying the reporter for the Daily Planet is Superman?\" Michelangelo shook his head. \"That's ridiculous. That dork? A superhero?\" \"He can't take care of a baby on his own! He's a man ! A baby needs his mother! \" Amanda sighed. \"I wish I could help.\" A lightbulb popped on above Cupcake's head. \"Maybe you can, sweetie. Maybe you can. You want to be my delivery gal?\" She shrugged. \"How much you paying?\" Cupcake twisted her beak. \"Honey, I'm the Bird Queen. I'll make it worth your while.\" \" I'll think about it. \" Amanda turned her attention to me. \" Drew... Since you are female, and living here long term...you think you might try out the Halftone Club?\" \"I did try it,\" I said. \"I mean, as an employee. \" \"Um, no, \" I said. \"You're right,\" she sighed. \"You're the Bird King, or Queen...you think you'd feel differently about it if you weren't?\" \"Not really. You see, there's a bank. \" She looked disappointed. I glanced at my new boyfriend. \"So. Splinter. You like birds , don't you?\" He nodded. \"When no one is watching, I like to go outside with my binoculars and watch them. They are very beautiful.\" I cringed a little at the thought of Splinter with binoculars, but didn't ask what else he did with them. \"When I heard about what you did at C.C. Knickknocker, I was pleased. I was not aware that such cruelty was happening.\" \" So you could have helped ,\" I muttered. \"You did not ask.\" \"Well, after that beating you gave me, when I fell on your pizza... \" \"It is understandable . But you did not need my help, it seems. You impressed me.\" Extra's brothers landed on the other rat's shoulders, nuzzling against his neck. He smiled pleasantly about this. I found myself liking him even more. \"Sensei,\" Leonardo said. \"About this date...Look, it's great that you found someone, and want to go out, but we've spent most our life living in the shadows and wearing disguises...you know, so people don't recognize us...and arrest us, or put us on the news, or alert Shredder to our presence...\" \"It is...time to stop hiding,\" Splinter said. \"Thank God!\" April muttered. \"I hate sewers.\" All four turtles glared at her. \"No offense, but you guys can do better.\" \"So...you're not afraid of...the police, or our enemies finding us,\" Leonardo said, dismayed. \"We have...defeated many such things in the past.\" \"I know . But what happens if they come at us all at once? \" Splinter put his paw on the front passenger seat. \"Leonardo, my son. Last Saturday, did you or did you not catch a fly with chopsticks?\" \"Um...I did,\" he muttered. \"Leonardo. Man or turtle who catches fly with chopsticks can do anything. \" \"Drew and I have an army of birds,\" Cupcake added. Leonardo fell silent, staring at her. Sneezer, in the meantime, lay pressed up against the bird's body, running his paw down her side, her legs, her diaper. Cupcake slapped his paw away. \"Sneezer, honey, don't do that.\" \"You don't like it?\" he said with a disappointed pout. \" I wouldn't say that ,\" she said. \"It's, um, you know. I already have a boyfriend.\" \"But he doesn't know you're in there!\" Sneezer protested. \"Something might change. Shut up, Cupcake.\" His paw was on her thigh again. She grabbed it. \"So, let's work on boundaries for the time being, shall we? Keep your grubby paws to yourself.\" \"They're not that grubby, are they? I washed them...\" Cupcake shook her head and smirked a little. \"Admit it. You like me touching you.\" The bird squirmed on her bench. \"It's very distracting, and I'm not sure if it's the Cupcake part of me that likes it.\" \"It's Jessica ,\" he said. \"Cupcake only has the hots for Drew. \" \"So I'm just supposed to hop in the sack with you.\" \"Yeah. \" \"You must think I'm just some weak minded floozy , some shallow bimbo who never commits, and sleeps with whatever random guy she happens to be with!\" \"... Maybe? \" She glared at him, but then had this expression on her face like she had just lowered her standards. \"No,\" she said at last. \" I couldn't. \" \" You're not Jessica anymore ,\" Sneezer said. \" No one will know. \" \" I'll know,\" Cupcake answered. The mouse waggled his eyebrows at her. \" So will I. \" Cupcake opened the slot the turtles used to fire their net gun through, dunking the mouse through the hole. She slid it shut, giving me a cheesy grin. \"So...\" she said. \"Still not happy about you thwarting my attempt at world conquest, and ruining my life.\" \"I'd say I was worry,\" I said. \"If I was.\" \"It is okay, my king,\" she contradicted herself. \"It is her fault for attempting to conquer the world to begin with.\" I just stared at her in silence. \"Anyways, don't mind her. She's just mad because she learned the hard way that crime does not pay.\" \"Honestly,\" I said. \"I wouldn't call global domination a crime. It's war, and evil, but technically not a crime.\" The bird smirked. \"Jessica likes that.\" The restaurant was stereotypically Asian. Giant brass dragons, a front entrance that looked like a Japanese torii, gold painted vertical sign boards saying something I couldn't read in Chinese. When I and Splinter stepped out, the turtles stayed in the wagon, looking rather uncomfortable. Following me through the entrance were Amanda, Cupcake and Extra. The interior was another cliche. More brass dragons, a jolly fat guy statue, Chinese brush paintings. Canned Chinese music. The place was run by ethnic stereotypes. One such stereotype, a young man in Mandarin clothes, with a braided ponytail, stood at the check-in desk. I guess, to be honest, I was technically dating a racial stereotype, but he was at least a cool stereotype. The man looked past me to my sister. \"How many?\" Amanda nodded back to me. \"Two,\" I said. The man looked down and frowned. \"We don't serve rat.\" \"Great,\" I said. \"Because that would be cannibalism. \" The man stared at me in dismay. I'd just deflated his whle joke. \"Right this way,\" he said, leading me and my date into the restaurant. I glanced back and saw Amanda talking t a girl with a red-gold kimono and chopsticks in her hair. \"Oh no,\" she was saying. \"We're not eating. We just want to watch.\" \"I'm sorry,\" the girl said. \"This is a restaurant.\" \"Fine,\" she sighed. \"Table for two, maybe three if you count the little bird.\" And then Sneezer popped up next to her. \"Make that four.\" I was led to a low table with no seats, one of those traditional things where you kneel at the table. \"This is rare,\" I muttered. \"Well, not rare for a cartoon...\" To my chagrin, I discovered Riffraff and Cleo had a booth nearby. I could already guess the conversation we would be having. \"Oh, I just decided to take the wife out for sushi. I had no idea you'd be here. We are totally not spying on you.\" I rolled my eyes, pretending they weren't there. I ordered sushi, and Splinter ordered sake. Amazing Chan didn't ask me what kind of sushi I wanted. Maybe their selection wasn't that good or something. The food was brought out with cartoon speed, but I ate slowly, gazing into Splinter's eyes, not so much out of love as trying to figure out what I saw in him. As he gazed back, I saw hearts popping out of his robe. He grabbed them with chopsticks and swallowed them, which made me chuckle a little...as I tried to ignore my own...and stares from Amanda's table. I thought I saw Leonardo peering through the window, then April, but they vanished when I looked that way. \"So, uh, Yamato ...\" I said. \"Your... sons go on a lot of missions without you... I've heard . What do you do with all that time by yourself? Um...besides kung fu.\" \"I have a nice garden of bonsai trees,\" he said. \"Donatello has made me a nice generator for the plant lights.\" \"That's cool,\" Is aid. Why am I dating Splinter? I asked myself. Was he just a project to work on? How did this childhood obsession turn into romance? The answer eluded me. Does anyone understand why they fall in love? I kind of doubted it. \"I understand you only had one woman in your life.\" \"Hai,\" he said. \"It was a long time ago. After I turned into this , she did not recognize me.\" Maybe I felt sorry for him. Was that what it was? \"She sounds a little.. .closed minded. \" He smiled a little. \"Perhaps you are right. I'm glad you are not.\" Hearing a chirp, I turned my head and saw a sparrow flap down on a little set of carpeted steps nearby with a wooden letter K in its beak. With some annoyance, I just froze there, waiting for more letters. Six more birds brought in blocks. KISS HIM, the letters said. One of the S's was backwards, but a bird fluttered down, fixing the error. \"Seriously?\" I groaned. On a whim, I waved at the wooden letters, as if to somehow telekinetically scatter them. To my surprise, the birds lost control of themselves and flew into the letters, doing just that. I grinned a little. Splinter chuckled, making me blush. Master Splinter didn't have that much to teach me, I thought. I know too much about him. ...Or do I? \"Can you read and write Chinese?\" I asked. \"Or Japanese?\" He nodded. \"Hai.\" \"Okay...\" I pointed to a brush painting of fish, with calligraphic writing along the side. \"What does that say?\" He squinted at it. \"It says...`I am tired of making this shitty kitsch for Americans.' Kitsch is an approximation of what that word means.\" \" I see ,\" I said with a smirk. \"What's the one next to it say?\" \"`Mountainscape near Fuji.'\" \"Seriously?\" \"Yes. It was painted by someone else.\" He was a rat. He wasn't Sneezer, and he knew kung fu. Was that why little hearts were popping out of my clothes? Or was it just his body? \"Splinter,\" I said. \"Um, remember when I fell through the ceiling of your place and ruined your pizza, and you and your sons kissed my ass?\" He frowned. \"That...sounds interesting . You would think I would remember something like that.\" \" Kicked, \" I said. \"I got beat up . Ring any bells? I was human . A male human.\" He twisted his lip. \"You have already mentioned this to me once before. The answer is yes. You learned your lesson, did you not? Do not lay on people's food.\" I reddened, surprised at how distracted I was getting. \"Uh, yeah.\" Maybe that's why I... liked him so much. He didn't care what I used to be or anything. He liked me just as I am. Unconditionally. After another sushi tray was brought out, wherein we stared at each other again, I heard someone singing a tune from Little Mermaid , with altered lyrics. \"Shannanananana, don't be shy! You want to kiss sensei... \" It was my little feathered friend. I shot him an irritated glare. \"Could you please not do that?\" A second later, Splinter leans over the table to kiss me. Well... Ahem. To be honest, I can't say I was entirely displeased... In fact, I might have kissed back a little enthusiastically. I stopped when I heard applause, pulling away from him. Splinter was grinning. I tried not to, but was still kinda smirking. \"You should not be afraid to have an audience,\" he said. \"You are... royalty. \" \"I...I've never been royalty before,\" I whispered. \"This is really awkward. I'm used to being a nobody tax guy. Plus, these guys are perverted.\" I glanced up at Sneezer. He looked a little glum, like he was going to cry and run out of the restaurant, but then Cupcake started whispering in his ear. He blushed, his Adam's apple bobbing. Was I with Splinter just to avoid him? 'You're thinking about him ?\" Splinter asked. Cupcake and Sneezer started kissing. I looked away, shaking my head violently. \".. .No . He needs to go somewhere. \" Amanda gave me a thumbs up. Splinter passed me a little jar. \"You have not touched your sake.\" I was a little afraid of being drunk around Splinter. I didn't want to say anything awkward, or make a big mistake. Still, I drank a little anyway. The stuff tasted like milk. I wasn't too surprised at this. I was at least glad it didn't taste like rice scum. \"You know,\" I said. \"Maybe you could show me around your place. I've never had a really good look at your subterranean lair.\" \"It would be a pleasure ,\" he said with a smile. Just as long as you don't show me straight to the bedroom, I thought. It seemed Amanda and Cupcake had paid for everything, including tips. This I learned when we were leaving. Splinter had one of those Turtle Phones, you know, the shell that opens to show you a video screen. He asked Leonardo to bring the van around, and it showed up a few seconds later. Sneezer, to my surprise, was not paying attention to me. Instead he and Cupcake kept kissing, the mouse pawing all over her. It was a little strange because he was shorter than her, but they made it work. Soon she whispered something in his hear, and she was flying him off in the air somewhere. \"So what next?\" Amanda said. \"I thought you were eavesdropping,\" I said. \"Well...\" I told her about touring the sewer. She rolled her eyes. \"Tell me when you're about to have sex.\" \"No,\" I said. \"I definitely won't be telling you that.\" \"I'm your sister ,\" she said. \" I know. A good sister would give me some space. \" She looked hurt. I opened my mouth to say something, but Extra darted out of my clothes and whispered in her ear. She giggled and rubbed his head. \"Thank you.\" \"Is he going to tell us?\" Riffraff asked. \"I mean, she? \" Amanda muttered in his ear. \"Oh! All right.\" He in turn told Cleo. Since they didn't have a car anymore, the two walked away. Amanda asked them what they were doing, and when they said shopping, she joined them on their walk. That left me alone with Splinter and his gang. The tour of Splinter's lair was interesting. I got to see all sorts of neat stuff, the training room, the garage, complete with helicopters, boat and submarine (it makes no logical sense in terms of city planning or architecture), the den, the bonsai garden, a basketball court, and the turtles' individual rooms. \"This room belongs to Donatello,\" he said as he showed me a chamber full of strange gadgets, probably for closing dimensional portholes and tracking robots while simultaneously cooking pizza. \"I would not touch anything. The last time I flipped a switch on a toaster, I ended up in the Shadow Realm.\" \"Popular place,\" I remarked. \"Where does he get all his materials from?\" \"He...takes things from junk yards.\" \"That's kinda illegal, isn't it?\" \"It is not illegal to steal trash. It is public domain. \" I shook my head. \" Okay...\" The turtles were in the den, eating pizza and watching an old black and white horror movie. I asked them if they'd ever seen newer ones, like Elm Street or Saw , but they said no. \"So, I've always wondered, how do you guys get the money to pay for your pizzas? Or do you just steal them all the time?\" Splinter sighed. \"Sadly, my sons have turned to minor crime. They only steal out of necessity. April and the others have helped us pay for things. Also, sometimes pizza delivery men have make deals with us. Do you judge us for this? The theft?\" \"Um, no,\" I said. \"I...imagine it's hard for a giant talking animal to find work.\" \"I have made efforts to make us self sustaining, but my sons do not like it. Here. I will show you.\" Splinter had a miniature farm. He was growing rice and mushrooms and some other things, mirrors and fluorescents giving the plants light. The water, of course, was easily accessible. At the end of this little farm, I saw a small bedroom. \"And this is where I-\" I held up a paw to stop him. \"I'm sure it's lovely. This has been... nice . Look, how about I show you my palace? \" He chuckled. \"We have only just arrived. My sons may not wish to go driving again.\" \"It's not like you're saving the world or anything,\" I said. Extra popped out of my kimono. \"Master, I will gladly summon transportation for you and your boyfriend. In fact, you are wanted at the Bird Palace.\" I nodded. \"You've never been to the bird palace before, have you, sensei?\" \"I...have not. Please-\" \"Sorry. Yamato. \" I took his hand. \"C'mon. Let's go.\" Extra flapped in front of my face. \"Master, it would be more convenient if you came to the surface first.\" I glanced at sensei. \"I will show you,\" he said. As he was leading me down a tunnel, I suddenly caught sight of Whiskers, riding on the back of the... friendly alligator . He was eating a scone, relaxing on her spiny back like it were a couch. When he saw me, he casually took another bite and waved to me like he wasn't doing anything unusual. He rode off into a nearby tunnel. Having already told the turtles what he was doing, Splinter led me up a ladder to the surface. Extra chirped a few times, and a giant swarm of birds swooped down and carried us into the sky, over the city, to the giant ball of twigs the birds called a palace. Trumpets announced our presence the moment we flew through the gates. Thousands of birds bowed their faces almost to the ground as we touched down and walked into the main chamber. We marched ahead, and as we did, I heard the trumpeters, and birds with trumpeting beaks , doing the Star Wars coronation theme. When we reached the end of the room, I froze, staring in shock at what I saw. Four wooden thrones had been set up on the royal dais, two elevated, two on either side, on a slightly lower level. All empty. \"What's this?\" I cried. \"Master,\" Extra said in my ear. \"I think you know.\" I swallowed. \"One of those is for me ?\" \"Yes, and one for Splinter, if you so choose.\" I took a deep breath. \"So who are the other two for?\" Extra didn't answer. For a moment, we just stood there, staring. \"What now?\" Splinter asked. \"I don't know,\" I said. \"Make ourselves at home, I guess.\" As I was walking around these strange thrones, I suddenly heard moans and giggling. The noises appeared to come from the door behind the throne. Rolling my eyes, I asked Extra to get his bird friends to open the floor hatch, so we could go downstairs. Instead of doing that, he pecked at the door. A moment later, I heard the sound of a crossbrace being slid back, and Cupcake stepped out the door, hitching her diaper up as she walked. Sneezer followed close behind, looking suspicious. She nodded to me. \" My king. \" \"Um, Cupcake?\" I said. \"About that. I'm having difficulty...figuring out...how this ruling thing will work.\" I would have said `our relationships', but that would have sounded bad. \"Could you explain these thrones?\" She chuckled a little. \"Certainly.\" She climbed the dais, seating herself in one throne, patting the one next to me. \"This one, of course, is yours. \" \"And...the other ones?\" \"Those are for the royal concubines , or, I guess, husbands , in this case.\" She pointed to the one on her left. \"That one is Chad, I mean, Sneezer's...\" Splinter smiled and seated himself in the other one. He must have noticed me turn scarlet, for then he blurted, \"I am sorry. I was tired.\" \"No, no, you're fine ,\" Cupcake said. \"Now, we just have a few things to go over, to make it official. \" She clapped her hands, and the birds opened the floor panel, and we went down into the royal dining room. I and Splinter took seats at the head of this table, Cupcake and Sneezer adjacent. The other spots were occupied by rather official looking birds, including the feathery sorceress from He-Man , Scrooge McDuck and his assistant guy that turns into a robot, the snooty toucan from The Lion King , the owl with glowing eyes from Rats of NIMH , the argyle clad owl from Animal Crossing , currently asleep, a dark and brooding owl from Legend of the Guardians , and one of those red robed creatures from the junkyard, a bird, of course. Other birds flocked around our table, on the floor, listening in. Cupcake twisted the tail of a red tailed hawk, and it shrieked out loudly enough to get everyone's attention. \" Ahem ,\" Cupcake said. \"I call the Council of Birds to session. It has been a hard and difficult rule, but I believe I have found someone, a partner , to share the burden, if she doesn't object.\" \"None whatsoever,\" I said. \"As long as this is a purely political arrangement.\" The Council stared at us. \" That's negotiable ,\" Cupcake said quickly. I cringed, but decided to say nothing. \"Is the candidate committed to rule the bird kingdom as long as she lives?\" asked Mufasa's toucan. The permanence frightened me. I momentarily couldn't speak. I got stares. \" Well, \" I stammered. \"I don't have anything else to do with my life.\" I sighed. \" Yes. I commit.\" Scrooge's adviser whispered in his ear. \"How is this candidate on finances?\" McDuck asked. Cupcake smiled. \"Quite exceptional. He used to be a tax man.\" Scrooge rubbed his beak thoughtfully. \"Does she smoke or use drugs?\" the sorceress asked. \"No,\" Cupcake said. \"Is she a good friend? Does she always look for the good in others? Does she enjoy reading?\" \"I assure you, Sorceress, that Drew has many desirable heroic qualities.\" \"I agree,\" said Splinter. \"I do not see drew as the type who joins with the forces of evil.\" \"He's a pussy,\" Cupcake muttered, but then she slapped herself, apologizing to everyone. \"Is she wise?\" asked the NIMH owl. Cupcake frowned, looking like her beak had stopped working. \"Jessica doesn't want to comment on this subject.\" \"I admit I'm not the wisest...\" I said. Cupcake started laughing. \"Stop it, you!\" she hissed to herself. \"...But I'm capable , I know stuff , and I have you guys' well being at heart.\" \"What do you know about... fossils ?\" Mr. Argyle said groggily. I groaned. \"A little.\" \"You're the perfect pick,\" Cupcake said. \"You're a total bird brain.\" And then she smacked herself. \" And so am I, apparently. \" \"She saved us from enslavement,\" Extra said. \"And fought valiantly alongside our army against Miss Terious at the convention center. Surely we need no other reasons to crown her.\" \"I disagree,\" said Mufasa's bird. \"I'm not getting a sense of commitment here. What's more, he spurned the queen's affections, attacked several birds, then banished the queen to the Shadow Realm!\" \"I've forgiven her,\" Cupcake said. \"I've had much time to... think about such things.\" The toucan frowned. \"Those he attacked are not so forgiving.\" \"I've spoken to them,\" Cupcake said. \"It was a misunderstanding. I was being too forward. They will be compensated.\" \"You're technically not king and queen. It's more like queen and queen. It's highly irregular.\" \"It's 2016,\" Cupcake said. \"I believe my subjects are open minded enough for a new kind of rule.\" Despite how lame the argument was, there were reluctant murmurs of agreement. \"How about this?\" I said. \"I was turned into a bird, and forced to carve Mr. Peanut out of a tree with my beak, so I know how your enslavement feels, firsthand...or wing .\" The birds muttered loudly amongst themselves. \"Master Drew brought me back to life,\" Extra said. \" He sheds tears over birds. \" The room fell silent. I got stared at. \"I...like birds a lot,\" I said with a smile. After an even longer silence, the NIMH owl announced, \"I would like to raise a vote.\" \"Do we have a second on the suggestion?\" Cupcake said. The museum owl raised his wing, followed by Scrooge. \"Very well. We will hold the election by the ancient traditions of Gahoolie.\" All of a sudden, the birds around the table appeared to be coughing up hairballs. NIMH owl hacks a few times, and a black pebble lands on the table, wet with saliva. \"One for,\" Cupcake muttered. The museum owl regurgitated his own. Black. \"Two in favor.\" Okay, so the regurgitating owls made sense, but now I saw the toucan gagging, and the red robed bird...and, weirdest of all, Sorceress. They all voted in favor, even the toucan. I guess he had a change of heart. ...Well, ninety nine percent of them, at least. One of the owls spat up a Batarang, and the theme song to Batman started playing. \"So we are agreed,\" Cupcake said. \"Drew is the new king.\" \"Not...exactly, my queen,\" the NIMH owl said. \"We have decided upon a restructuring... \" \"What!\" Cupcake cried. \"We have decided to make Splinter and Drew into the new king and queen, to allow you to devote your full energies to the baby farms.\" \"But...\" she stammered. \"You can't do that! I'm the queen! \" \"It's a two thirds majority vote. You will always be our queen, majesty. Your rule remains absolute, but the throne will now belong to the king and his consort. Drew has shown strength in defending the interests of all birdkind. You, highness, are unparalleled in the management of the baby farms.\" \"That's sexist!\" Cupcake cried. \"I am the monarch of all birds!\" \"It is not sexist. Drew is female. Additionally, you appeared powerless to stop the cruelty of Miss Terious. We need a strong monarch to defend our people from future incidents.\" The toucan leaned forward. \"Do we have the turtles onboard for this?\" Splinter took a deep breath. \"I do not believe they will object.\" \"Wait,\" I blurted. \"I, uh, we're just dating . This sounds... permanent. \" \"Drew,\" Cupcake said. \"I think your friend can help us, even if you decide not to go steady.\" I blushed. \"Though it would help to continue the royal line...\" \"I have a question,\" Splinter said. \"Must we be king and queen, or can we be emperor and empress instead?\" I heard a chorus of delighted oohs. \"I see no problem with a minor change of terminology,\" the toucan said. \"We wish to be as culturally accommodating as possible.\" The others nodded. \"Oh brother,\" said Cupcake. \"We must begin the coronation immediately,\" said NIMH owl. \"Too long has the throne been left unoccupied.\" \"It's only been a few days,\" I said. \"It's been longer than that. First came our queen's long absence in the Shadow Realm, then came the war against Flo and Miss Terious...\" \"Prepare these two with the finest of royal outfits,\" said the toucan. \"You sound like TV's Benson,\" I said. \"I refuse to comment on that.\" I was suddenly whisked away, into a small nest-like dressing room, by a cloud of birds, who stripped me naked and put me in a fine silk Chinese outfit with a fat waist sash and ornate bird prints all over it. My hair was pulled back in a bun with golden rods stuck into it. They, uh, had dressed me in some other silk things , but I wasn't sure I wanted to put them on display...for anyone, at the moment, at least. They were designed for display, which made this whole thing rather awkward and embarrassing. Before I could think about it too much, I was half pushed, half tugged out of the `changing nest', back up to the main entrance...where Mendelssohn's bridal suite was being performed. Oh God, I thought. It got worse. Someone had apparently sent out invites. Everyone was there. Dad, Holli, Amanda, the Cat-Illac Cats, Sneezer, Whiskers, the alligator, Dane, her boyfriend, the floating Spacely guy from the flying jukebox, hell, even Jessica's boyfriend, the kangaroo eyepatch guy, was there with his baby. \"Let me guess,\" I muttered to Extra. \"A little bird told them.\" \"Actually, Master,\" he said, blushing pink. \" I told them.\"[Chapter 91] Sarah and Pete from Ewes Bank were there, as well as the green blackjack dealer bear and his exotic dancer girlfriend Becky (somehow they were never fixed), the Vlassic Pickle guy and storks with yarmulkes. The minister, of course, was a cardinal . The red bird was shorter than us, so it perched on the podium. It was cute. It kind of made marrying a cheesy rat sensei a little more... romantic , if that's the right word for it. The cardinal chirped out a long wedding speech to me and the audience, which had all the vocal tones and inflections of every wedding speech I had ever heard, making it completely understandable to anyone who was listening, even if there hadn't been a secretary bird giving explanations (it wasn't Cupcake, surprisingly enough). The cardinal turned toward me, chirping that line about sickness, health, and death do us part. Again, only birds and bird brains could understand that. I looked at Master Splinter, blushing as he stared back. Swallowing, I chirped, \"I guess.\" The bird gave me this look that said, \"You can do better than that.\" I looked into the rat's eyes, swallowing hard. \"We can't do this, Splinter!\" I whispered. \"I don't even know why I'm attracted to you or if I love you like that!\" \"I have heard that love does not come from thinking or understanding,\" he said in his typical Kung-Fu old guy voice. \"Love comes to you by doing! \" A bunch of Valentine hearts burst out of my fancy kimono. \"Oh Splinter...\" The cardinal gave me this expression that said, \"You're getting cold feet now ?\" \"Chirp chirp,\" I answered, though I was more than a little horrified to make such a deep commitment to a childhood...okay, so maybe I was a little okay with it. The bird turned toward Splinter, and he was asking the question in English, with a voice that sounded like Tom Bosley's. \"Hai,\" Splinter replied. The cardinal then gave the same sounds one would expect after both parties said I do. We kissed, then Cupcake and a team of birds led us to the palace entrance, outside its gates, where a small yacht stood suspended in midair by a group of giant swans. \"What's all this?\" I asked Cupcake. \"For your honeymoon,\" she said. \"I've arranged you a vacation in a little place called Valinor. They have a wonderful bed and breakfast.\" I blushed deeply. \"Uh, thank you, I guess.\" \"You seem to be saying I guess a lot ,\" she said. \"I will fix that,\" Splinter said confidently. \"I'm sure you will!\" she giggled. \"Have fun, you two!\" And then, in a conspiratorial whisper, \"Don't get too wild on that cabin bed. Swans can be easily distracted. They might drop you.\" \"No, no,\" said one of the swans. \"I promise we'll set them down before we start watching.\" I shuddered. I and my new husband climbed the gangplank, boarding the ship. We didn't \"get wild\" at all, but rather just sat on the deck, drinking champagne and watching the scenery. Valinor, it seemed, was across and ocean, and it took awhile. Either that, or the birds were flying us in circles until the stars came out, making it that much more romantic. There was a fireworks show. Two , in fact,, one behind us at the bird palace, and one coming from an island straight ahead. The fireworks made the shapes of hearts and rings and ninja Chinese symbols and weapons. The boat touched down along an elegant stone jetty. We disembarked, and a flock of doves led us into the city. Valinor was like a Paris for birds. All around us I saw bird statues and fountains and buildings that looked like bird houses. Bird bakeries filled the air with various delicious smells. We arrived at the bed and breakfast, which wasn't like any bed and breakfast I expected, but more like a giant hotel. Its gate was framed by giant swans made of pearl, with golden beaks and diamonds for eyes, the building itself featuring bird statues on every balcony and rooftop. The interior looked exactly like an Omni Hotel, staffed by birds. We took an elevator to a suite on the very top floor, a floor which was, by itself, just one ridiculously big suite. A `living room' stood near the elevator, a massive palatial dining room stood in an adjacent area, there was a jacuzzi, a sauna, a massage parlor, and a bedroom that resembled a belfry with padded walls, pitted with mirrors, beds and bondage stuff at regular intervals all the way up. Cupcake, unsurprisingly, liked to get a little freaky. The bed on the `ground level' was a nest of solid oak weave, padded all the way around, and full of feather pillows. Master Splinter grunted in approval. I didn't want this, but yet I did. \"Master Splinter!\" I cried as he undid my sash. \"Our skills are evenly matched,\" he purred. \"If you do not want this, you may throw me through a wall.\" \"Master Splinter! \" I breathed. His muzzle came close, and he started kissing me. I pushed him back, and we stared at each other for a moment. \"My apologies for my... lack of restraint ,\" the rat said. \"It has been a long time.\" My emotions were too confused. I couldn't think of anything to say. He slid a paw around my waist. \"You must tell me if I am making you uncomfortable.\" I grabbed him around the neck, kissing him passionately. Our paws slid into each other's Mandarin outfits, peeling them away from our bodies. Neither one of us had anything on underneath. \"Uh...sensei?\" \"It's Yamato,\" he said. \"Sorry. Yamato. Don't you think we should, I don't know, use some protection?\" \"You and I are strong martial artists. We will protect each other! \" I groaned. \"Okay, fine. I always wanted to know what motherhood feels like.\" Then I paused. \"No. Wait. That's right. I signed away my child bearing rights.\" I swallowed, suddenly feeling guilty. When he didn't understand, I explained the paper I signed with Cupcake. \"It is okay,\" Splinter said. \"I still love you.\" He took me in his arms and kissed me. \"This isn't something I've ever done before,\" I said between kisses. \"I mean, sleeping with a guy. I really never thought it would be something I'd do.\" \"You are female ,\" he said. \"And I am male . Let your body tell you what to do.\" That simple. Like he were telling me a Kung Fu move. \"That's not what I'm afraid of,\" I said. \"Afraid that you'll lose control?\" I shook my head. \"No. Afraid that I'll like it.\" I saw his muzzle curl into a smile. \"I'm afraid I'll like it too.\" I closed my eyes and kissed him, my paws roving around his chest. I never pictured him having much muscle there, but his pecs were pretty firm. His paws slid around my hips, tracing the curve of my buttocks. I decided I didn't mind. Especially when I got to touch his. Splinter bumped into the nest, my nest , and I gave him a shove. It didn't work as I planned. Being a ninja master, he used my momentum to throw me onto the mattress, and he was on top. Sexy mistake? My bare breasts tingled as his body pressed against me. As a doodle, I thought I wasn't supposed to feel things, but maybe something got rewritten, or maybe it was the fact I was part human, somewhere. \"Be gentle,\" I whimpered. \"It's my first time as a woman.\" He chuckled softly. \"We shall do it... Tai Chi style.\" He rolled me over on top of him. \"Perhaps this will help?\" \"Better,\" I said with a slight smile. We both laughed. The next part wasn't so funny. I kinda lost all self respect and did what felt good to me. Let's just say I enjoyed it on his `like meter' a lot more than I thought I would. It goes without saying that he liked me . I let out high pitched girly moans as I rode up and down on Splinter's lap, the sensei responding with sounds like a lazy guard dog growling half heartedly at a burglar. \"Sensei,\" I said in a shuddering gasp. \"Do me a favor. Please don't say `cowabunga' while we're doing this. Ever.\" I thought he looked hurt, but he merely gave me a nod and said, \" As long as you never call me sensei. \" I swallowed hard. \"I...suppose I can live with that.\" I relaxed and let my body do what it wanted, as much as it wanted. I heard pattering wings, saw birds perching on the belfry fixtures to watch, but I'd stopped caring. I was feeling too good. As our movements quickened, and I felt a climax approaching, I got a little too carried away and found myself blurting, \"Oh sensei!\" I covered my mouth, but it was too late. Splinter let out a mischievous chuckle, making me blush all over my body. \" Oh no, \" I muttered, but we were already there. I rode his thrust once more, and then I felt a geyser of tingling warmth erupting into me. \"Cowabunga!\" the rat shouted as pleasure exploded through my body. Oh God, seriously? I thought, but only moaning came out of my mouth as the sensation rushed through my body. I was glowing, the brightness radiating outward from my crotch to the ends of my fingers, toes and tail. I collapsed, sated, into his arms. I was still glowing as the throbs of pleasure subsided. \"I am happy to have you as my empress,\" Splinter said as he smoothed the fur on my buttocks. \"Ditto,\" I moaned. That's when Nurse Cupcake fluttered down from the belfry, perching on the side of our literal love nest. She opened her briefcase, giving me a pen and clipboard with a stack of paper on it. \"What's this?\" I groaned. \"This is a birthing and reproduction renewal form,\" she said. \"This re-enrolls you into NBF, if you so choose. \" Swallowing hard, I took the pen and clipboard into my trembling hands.[Chapter 92] I flipped through pages of lorem ipsum text, my paws becoming slightly less shaky as my mind shifted gears. \"Cupcake,\" I said. \"We've got to talk about this lack of content on your forms.\" The bird grinned. \"Your sister did say we'd make a perfect pair.\" \"Team,\" I corrected. \"Does any of this actually have meaning, or do you interpret these papers to mean anything you want them to mean?\" \"A little of both,\" she said with a shrug. \"Then let's start with some minor edits. What's this top page say?\" She leaned over my shoulder, squinting at it through a pair of reading glasses. \"That's a declaration of intent to appear in serious cartoons.\" I grabbed her glasses. \"Let me see those.\" The moment I pulled them over my muzzle, I could see an entire universe of glowing objects. It reminded me of a scene from one of those X-Men movies where the Professor uses Cerebro to see every mutant in the galaxy, except this one showed nothing but cartoon characters having sex. \"Oh God,\" I muttered. \"That's generally what they say,\" Cupcake replied. \"Are you done with those yet?\" \"Oh. Right.\" I turned my attention to the stack of papers. They now looked like something a ten year old wrote on a tablet of Big Chief notebook paper. I got through the whole packet in a couple minutes. \"Done now?\" the bird said impatiently. I frowned. \"Not...quite. Your paperwork... needs work. \" I wanted to say that it sucks, but that would have just been rude. I tried to write a title on one of the pages, but it came out as lorem ipsum, so I had to alternate between writing and lifting the glasses. \"There's something that bothers me,\" I told the bird. \"I thought you said your people weren't wealthy. \" \"I may have exaggerated a little.\" \"Pottery Barn poor,\"I muttered. \"What's that?\" \"Nothing.\" Master Splinter grabbed my tail, tugging me back into our literal love nest. \"How is this for open hand technique?\" he purred as he ran a paw around my buttocks. \"Splinter! I'm tired!\" The bird snatched the glasses away from me, tucking the forms in her briefcase. \"Ahem. I can see that you're busy . We'll have plenty of time to discuss this matter further when you're not so... preoccupied. \" I noticed a conflicted expression on her face, like maybe she felt her job threatened, but also maybe something else, like I'd just invented the internet and she wanted in. \"Don't worry,\" I said as Sensei pulled me close to his body. \"There's no way in hell I'd take your job. I'd rather be an outside consultant.\" She blinked uncomprehendingly. \"It's part time.\" My eyelids slowly closed. \"Let's do lunch some time and talk about it.\" You understand that I drank the blue Kool-Aid and was, for all intents and purposes, female, not male. I'd embraced my feminine side enough to sleep with Sensei in the first place, and had therefore gotten used to pressing my body all up against him in a very sexual way. Imagine my surprise when I found myself male and naked, with Master Splinter's paw gripping me around the butt. He gave me a wry smile, kissing me. I screamed, jumped out of the nest, covering my crotch with a pillow. \"This isn't supposed to happen! That stuff was supposed to permanently make me a cartoon!\" \"You are still animated,\" Splinter pointed out. \" You are just male. Come back to bed.\" \"Oh God.\" I shuddered, backing away. \"God. You are really...uh...\" \"Open minded?\" Splinter suggested. I blushed. \" That's one way to describe it. \" The rat beckoned to me. I guess he liked what he saw. \"Look. I know you're... bi ...And I did sleep with you, but I don't have the right equipment right now , and... we're not doing it the other way. \" Splinter furrowed his brow, his face appearing to reflect an expression of disappointment. \"So... no anal. \" I suddenly felt ill. \"Splinter, honey, do me a favor. Never say that again.\" \"You are excited,\" he pointed out. \"I can see it when you move the pillow.\" \"That's it,\" I said. \"I... need some alone time. \" I hurried to the elevator, mashing the down button. The moment the door opened, a blue figure in a nurse's outfit pulled me in, shoved me into a wall, and a brightly colored beak pressed against my mouth, giving me tongue. Feathery fingers pressed a number button, and the door closed. I pulled my mouth away. \"Hey! What about you and Sneezer?\" \"It didn't work out. \" She spread her wings, and her lab coat flew open, revealing her bra and panties. \"I thought you had to take those papers back to the farm or something.\" \"They're already on their way.\" She kissed me again. I pushed her away. \" I drank the stuff! I thought that was supposed to make me rat girl forever!\" She glanced down, below my waist. \"I guess you thought wrong, huh? More fun for me!\" \"Is everything...normal?\" I asked. \"Is the spike of power still in place?\" \"The birds haven't told me anything different. Maybe this is just your thing , like how Bruce Banner turns into The Hulk completely at random.\" \"He turns into The Hulk when he's angry,\" I said. The bird smiled. \"I see you've been networking with my flocks.\" \"More like network TV.\" \"Let's network a little deeper.\" She unsnapped something between her legs. \"Stop,\" I stammered. \"I...\" She playfully flicked my growing erection. \"You what. \" \"I'm married.\" Cupcake rolled her eyes. \"You're also male right now.\" I opened my mouth to protest. \"Are you telling me you actually believe in gay marriage?\" I shook my head. \"What I meant to say is we're-\" She pulled a scroll out of her lab coat, unrolling it to show me the text. It was written in lorem ipsum, of course. \"All right,\" I groaned. \"What is this?\" She slid her hand into one of the lab coat pockets. It came out with a gold ring on one finger. \"There's a clause in your marriage contract/writ of royal ascendancy.\" She dug her reading glasses out of her bra, gesturing to the paper. \"Go ahead. Read it.\" I did. The paper said I was married to both her and Splinter. \"Oh God. Bigamy? Really?\" She flashed the glittering ring on her right hand. \"Remember when I gave you the Signet Ring of the Bird Kingdom, and you gave me True Love's Kiss?\" I swallowed. \"That does ring a bell...But...\" Cupcake ran her hands over my chest, caressing my skin. \"I saw what you daydreamed in court. You want me. \" I reddened. \"I'm a guy . A guy can have a lot of fantasies.\" She massaged my stomach. \" I know. Do you really want to sleep with a guy right now? Or would you rather bring your fantasy to life? \" I swallowed. \"I...\" Her feathery digits curled around my buttocks. \"Would you prefer to let Splinter try anal?\" My cheeks flushed hot with anger. \"How did you...?\" She gave me this look that said `You should know the answer to that one.' \"Your choice: Boned from behind, or live out your wildest fantasy. \" From the corners of my eyes, I could see my face turning fire engine red, then neon pink as, well, I kinda accepted it . \"Okay. Let's just say I'm not adverse to the idea... But, um, we never actually said our official vows. \" She grabbed me by the shoulders, flapping her wings as she wrapped her legs around my waist, crotch poised directly above my stiffening manhood. \"I do,\" she breathed in my ear. \"My queen,\" I cried, giving her a passionate kiss.[Chapter 93] I pulled my lips away from the bird's beak. \"Wait. Is Jessica okay with this?\" She flapped her wings, hovering teasingly above my waist. \"It was her idea. I would have been happy with the mouse!\" \"And...are you done with the whole...disgusting... diaper thing ?\" \"Honestly, I never understood the appeal.\" Although bird lips are nonsense, I enjoyed it when that nonsense kissed again. Cupcake let out a happy moan as I grabbed her feathered butt and pulled her down upon me. She flapped her wings and my feet left the floor. The elevator did happen to be large enough for that. You could probably fit a griffin in there. She flew me to the ceiling, my hands gripping her rear, her legs wrapped tightly around my waist. \"Say it, Drew,\" she purred. \"Oh Queen.\" \"Why would I say that?\" \"Fine,\" she giggled. \"I'll make you say it.\" Cupcake pushed me down as her wings beat again, and my body slammed against the elevator buttons, my butt and tail lighting several of them. She flapped up, wiggled to the top of my erection, then grabbed my buttocks, pulling herself down fast. \"Oh Queen!\" I blurted. The bird giggled, pushing me away again. \"Told you.\" \"Dirty bird!\" I pulled myself up, Cupcake's wings lifting me higher as I thrust. Her labcoat smacked the ceiling, and birds came out, beaks pecking the buttons to the various floors. There seemed to be hundreds of buttons, more than you'd think belonged on a building that size. \"Cupcake,\" I grunted. \"This isn't like Willie Wonka's glass elevator or something, is it?\" She grinned. \"Would it be bad if it were?\" \"I...uh...no...\" She pushed me down into the buttons. \"Well then. \" Suddenly her eyes bugged out, and she looked horrified. \"Cupcake, what the hell are you doing?\" She looked down at our intertwined bodies. \"Oh my God. Is that Drew?\" I swallowed. \"Jessica?\" Cupcake nodded to me, or maybe her other self, I wasn't sure. \"You're screwing Drew.\" \"No,\" the bird giggled to herself as she lowered herself upon me. \"We're screwing Drew. \" \"I thought you said this was her idea!\" I cried. \"It is now!\" her other personality moaned. \"No no no! Oh my God,\" Jessica said. \"Stop it. Stop! Both of you!\" Her body failed to obey, and so did mine. \"Stop, dammit!\" Cupcake flapped her wings, raised us both into the air. I grabbed her around the waist, pulled her to me and thrust. I must have turned into a bird at some point, because I had wings and didn't need to grab her so tightly. \"Oh!\" she moaned. \"Actually, that feels kinda good . Changed my mind. Don't stop! Don't stop! \" I paused. \"You sure?\" \"You helped me save the world! It's fine!\" She humped me again. \"Oh! Maybe a little more than fine!\" \"Maybe? A little?\" \"Oh! Just a little!\" \"I'll take it.\" \"Uhh...that's, uhh...pretty much my opinionnn...\" \"No, what I meant-\" \"Stop talking, please. You'll ruin it.\" One of the elevator buttons said `Aerosmith' on it. When Cupcake pushed me into the keypad again, she pressed it, and I heard ` Love In Elevator' , in stereo. In a fashion appropriate to the song, the elevator descended, the doors opening on every floor on the way down. We had an audience, birds in business suits, probably wanting to hurry to their meting about...whatever commercial product or silly cartoon thing they wanted to meet about, caterers, maids with carts full of food or laundry, storks, just about every animated bird that ever existed. Plus Owl Woman. When the elevator went down, Cupcake bonked her head on the ceiling, but the stars circling her head did nothing to dampen her enthusiasm. Hitting the walls a few times didn't bother me in the least either. \"I saw your flashbacks,\" Cupcake said to herself. \"This idea isn't foreign to you. You asked him to touch your patches. \" \"Shut up and keep going!\" Jessica answered. \"With pleasure!\" \"You did not just say that!\" After dropping and zooming a upwards a few times, the elevator shifted sideways, then shot up like a rocket, rising higher and higher through the building. And we were screwing the whole time. It turned out we actually were in a glass elevator. After humping our way through a glowing crystalline palace full of strange creatures. Orko and the Sorceress from He-Man, a flock of winged blue birds in green guardian costumes floating around glowing crystal birdhouses from which swarms of smaller birds continually fluttered out, whispered to the guardians and disappeared back into their holes. One of them popped out of Cupcake's lab coat, whispering in my ear. \"The Howlers are coming for you. Ther have also been unusual power fluctuations around Cool World. No one knows what is happening...Also, Cupcake actually does get the whole disgusting diaper thing.\" \"Way to spoil the mood,\" I groaned. \"Scram,\" Cupcake agreed. The messenger looked flustered, making a hasty retreat into the labcoat. \"Cupcake,\" I grunted as she pulled me close. \"He said-\" \"You can't be too disgusted if you're still inside me,\" she purred. \"I did hear from one of my subjects, her subjects, that you told someone `lying was more of a turn off than diapers.\" I opened my mouth to protest, but she kissed it shut. I reddened. \"There's something else. The power fluctuations-\" She lowered me. \"I know. Let's deal with that later.\" The elevator shot through a glass skylight, and the walls dropped away, revealing the fact that we were indeed within a Willie Wonka style elevator. I shuddered as I saw how high up in the air we were, the distance to the clouds and trees and buildings below. \"Don't look down,\" she said, unsnapping her bra. She rode me, pressing her bare mammaries upon my naked chest as the elevator rose higher and higher. Soon we were in space, aliens in flying saucers snapping pictures of us as we had sex. Our movements wildly increased, our bodies bouncing against the walls, floor and ceiling until we hit the point of no return. Nothing earth shattering this time. Like my intercourse with Splinter, we came to a very normal conclusion, collapsing sated in each other's arms as the elevator drifted back down through the atmosphere. Okay, so there were fireworks , but I think Cupcake's psychic or semi-psychic connection with the birds prompted a pyrotechnics show, rather than the breaking of some fundamental law of the universe. It all seemed well and good, well, good-ish until I realized that my body had suddenly turned real, and a half naked Jessica-like woman in a feathery bird costume was straddling my lap. Also, the elevator had turned into real glass, and it had no rockets to keep it out of the air. We were going to die.[Chapter 94] Real Las Vegas buildings lay below us, very hard and unwelcoming glass and steel buildings, casinos, statuary, office buildings...we'd either hit them or concrete. Only by extreme luck would we ever hope to hit a swimming pool or a fountain, and even that would probably break our bones, due to the surface tension. \"What are we going to do?\" I cried as the elevator tumbled. \"I don't know.\" The half human bird leaned back on my lap, staring out the glass. \" Die, I guess. I mean, we're not going to hit a pile of mattresses or a rubber awning or a big cartoon elephant, are we?\" \"I don't see how that would be probable...unless everything reverts back to normal and it's Cool World again.\" The PA speaker was playing Knocking on Heaven's Door by Guns N' Roses, due to Cool World irony or real life radio interference I couldn't tell. \"Surely there's something you can do!\" \"You're the bird queen!\" she shouted in Jessica's voice. \"Think of something!\" I answered, \"You were the bird queen first! You have Cupcake's mind! You tell me!\" She shook her head. \"It's been nice knowing you. And I don't just mean in a biblical sense.\" The bird rolled her eyes. \" Well, Drew,\" she groaned. \"There's another fine mess you've gotten us into. \" \"Me!\" I protested, annoyed at how my body turned my angry frustration into arousal. \"You're the one that thought it was such a good idea to go into Cool World in the first place! Did you know I almost got nabbed by hotel security? They wanted to take me to jail for trashing their building!\" \"It's not my fault that Sneezer blew up a couple walls!... are you getting hard? \" She hadn't exactly gotten off my lap, and this was a kind of failure. \"No,\" I stammered. Her beak curled into a grin. \"You are.\" \"No I'm not!\" \"Drew, I have all the evidence right between my legs. \" \"It happens when I'm frustrated. I don't have any control over it, all right! The point is, you're the one who screwed up my life! If you hadn't run off into Cool World, and hopped in bed with the first doodle you met-\" \"...You would have had your wallet and already been home because you would have slept with me instead of your sister. Got it.\" \"Wait! How did you-\" \"Drew, I'm stuck in bird brain's brain. I know what you told Sneezer. I actually heard it from his own mouth when I was kissing it... Gosh, you're all ready for another go, aren't you? Being a doodle must have given you stamina.\" I reddened, but the color drained from my face the moment I looked down. \"I'd love to discuss why you would presume to know anything about my stamina, but we're going to die pretty soon...\" Jessica dismounted from me, searching the compartment. I sat up. \"What are you thinking? Maybe a backup rocket or something?\" \"Maybe. Dunno.\" As she opened a wall panel, I ran a hand down one of her feathery wings. \"Do these actually work?\" She turned around, frowning at me. \"I...don't know. We're talking real physics , Drew.\" \"Humor me. Spread your wings.\" She did what I asked, and it was rather impressive...and kind of sexy. Even as a hyper-real Clive Barker's Nightbreed looking mutant, she had a nice body. She caught me gawking, glanced between my legs. \" Enjoying the view? \" \"Sorry,\" I stammered. Little pieces of paper with drawings of birds on them fell out of her lab coat pockets, the birds soundlessly crying for help as they beat against the foreground, attempting to escape into the three dimensional world. I saw Extra among them, but I had no clothing to carry him in. She picked the birds up, buttoning them into a pocket for safekeeping. Jessi-Cake folded and unfolded her wings. \"You don't seriously...?\" \"Fly? No. Glide , maybe.\" She frowned. \"So, what? I'm your personal hang glider now? \" \"You got a better idea?\" Jessica, as you already know, is very impulsive. After pressing Emergency Stop and all the buttons, she attempted to pry the door open with her fingers. It didn't work. \"Now what?\" \"Is Cupcake still in there?\" I asked. \"Yeah, but we made a deal. She's taking a back seat now. Turns out your tender little flower can't cope in the real world . `Help me, Jessica! I don't know how to do anything!' \" \"And that includes our current predicament.\" \"Bingo.\" I sighed. Below the elevator buttons, next to the phone, I saw a little box that read, `In case of emergency, break glass.' I did, but only found a hammer inside. I handed it to Jessica. \"Ideas?\" \"Actually, yes.\" I thought she would use the claw to pry open the door, but instead she just bashed a hole in one of the walls, knocking out the loose pieces. \"If this doesn't work, Drew, I'm going to kill you.\" \"We'd be dead,\" I muttered. \"So...\" Jessica rolled her eyes. \"God, this is so embarrassing. \" She put her bra back on and stepped behind me. \"Drew, do you trust me?\" I swallowed. Cupcake's evil twin had asked me the same thing before flying me out of the Ewes Bank office. I thought about those robin's egg colored panties and got a little hard. That's not quite the same thing as trust. \"Uh, not really-\" Before I could finish my sentence, she shoved me through the hole, and I fell screaming through the air. Bitch! I thought. And then, Oh my God, I'm going to die. A second later, I feel her warm body wrapping around mine, and my descent slowed. \"I just slept with you,\" she said in my ear. \"At least give me some credit! \" \"God, Jessica,\" I gasped. \"You scared the shit out of me!\" She giggled. I didn't know which was scarier, the flight, or showing the whole world my naked body, the cold air blasting every inch of my bare skin. \"What! What's so damn funny!\" \"I was just imagining some BMW snob explaining that to the car wash attendant. `Gee, I don't know where that human feces came from!' \" \"It was a figure of speech!\" \"Darn. I would have paid good money to see that!\" Jessica had surprising skill with hang gliding, but I guess it made sense, being that she shared brains with the bird queen. \"You know, Cupcake actually did what you asked the first time she tried to sleep with you. She scrubbed her blue ass. I guess you approved.\" \"Uh, yeah. You've got a cute ass. \" We drifted over a skyscraper, the naked-and-airborne experience strangely reminding me of Maurice Sendak's Night Kitchen . \"You're going to destroy the world, aren't you? I mean, now that you're in control of Cupcake?\" \"Do you want me to drop you? Because I'd be glad to do it. \" \"Sorry. I...just...what do you intend to do, I mean, if we don't die?\" \"Save Cool World, that's what. I'm not the heartless bitch you think I am. Being in Cupcake's mind changed me. I even care for your damned birdies now. Seriously, this will never become a movie. \" \"You know, I may not have minded so much about touching your patches earlier... or bumping up against your beaver patch. \" \"I know,\" she chuckled. \"I was sitting on your boxers, remember?\" We came to a gentle landing atop a slick metal roof of a towering Sheraton hotel. \"I never got to mention this before,\" I said. \"But thanks for helping me defeat Flo earlier. I couldn't have gotten anywhere without your help.\" I swallowed. \"I love you.\" \"You'd better,\" she said. \"After all, you slept with me. \" \"That's rude!\" She gave me a slight smirk. \"All right, all right! I love you too! ( Even though you did hit me in the head with a staff! ) Happy?\" My heart pounded. \"Yes.\" Jessica marched to its far end, searching for a way down. She stopped, put her hands on her hips. \"You lied and said we slept together. Earlier, I mean. \" I blushed. \"What? When did I do that?\" \"After you saved the birdies and Cupcake was trying to get in your pants.\" \"Yeah, well if you saw that memory, you also saw she didn't buy it either.\" She laughed. I turned a deeper shade of red. \"Now what? Something else embarrassing? I'm already bare assed naked in front of the entire world, but I'm sure you can think of something! \" \"One time I...actually saw Miss Muffet sitting on Pinocchio's face. She kept ordering him to tell a lie then the truth. It kind of reminds me of your... frustration problem. \" I smirked. \"Wasn't that on Family Guy?\" \"I...don't think so.\" \"It was. I swear I saw that episode.\" After a harrowing walk to a narrow ladder, we climbed down to a gravel pitch roof. \"You...told Cupcake about diaper fetishes,\" I said. \"Why.\" \"She seemed a little uptight. I kinda figured she hadn't gotten laid in awhile, maybe never. So I thought, `Hey, baby farm, adult babies, whatever floats your boat.'\" \"Does it float your boat? \" \"It didn't use to, but, well, after being stuck in her head...\" \"Gross.\" \"Oh don't give me gross. It didn't stop you from banging me did it ?\" \"Uh...\" \"That's what I thought.\" I swallowed. \"Still, I preferred it when she came out of the shower in that furry lingerie. That was hot . Especially when I was making out with her in dad's house. \" She looked disgusted. \"You just made it creepy. The part about daddy's house, I mean.\" \"Oh, like Ms. Poopy Pants is suddenly not obsessed with Cool World comic books anymore. \" Jessi-Cake quickly buttoned up her panties and lab coat, making herself presentable. I, on the other hand, had no clothing. \"Uh...Jessica?\" She marched up to the entrance to a maintenance stairwell. \"What.\" \"I'm naked.\" \"I know. On a scale from one to ten, I'd give you...a five. \" I flushed red with anger. \"You're saying I'm average?\" I rubbed my face in frustration. \"Never mind. Get me some clothing, okay?\" She glanced back at me, raised an eyebrow. \"Please,\" I begged. \"A sheet, a towel, anything. Hell, I'll even wear a diaper. If someone catches me like this, I'm going to wind up in jail.\" \"Sounds like a personal problem.\" \"I thought you said I could trust you!\" \"I only asked if you trusted me. You're safe, you're alive. My work here is done.\" She pulled a pin out of her lab coat, picking the lock on the staircase door. Not wanting to be trapped on the roof, I rushed down after her. \"What do you think happened to Cool World?\" She shrugged, marched down the stairwell. \"You slept with the most powerful doodle in the universe. Maybe that had something to do with it. Either that, or it was you buying that Cadillac.\" \"I guess that's sort of plausible, but they don't seem like great reasons.\" \"What about Dane and Master Blaster? They're still in the real world, right? Maybe they messed with the spikes.\" \"No, that would make everything doodle-fied.\" \"Not if they found some way to contain it...\" We connected to a fire stairway. Jessica kept going down. \"Wait. Where are you going?\" \"Where do you go when you want to go to Cool World?\" I knew she was talking about the Union Plaza. \"All right. Would you mind stopping for a moment? I need to find a laundry cart or something...\" She kept going. \"At least give me your lab coat.\" \"And walk around in my undies? No way!\" \"Fine,\" I groaned. I pushed open the nearest fire door, looking down the hall for coverings. When I failed to find a cart, I hurried down another floor. What followed seemed like a bad dream. A supply cart loaded with towels and toilet paper stood about five yards away. When I ran toward it, a fat bespectacled African American staff lady stepped out of one of the rooms, stuffing her mouth with Starburst candies and texting on her phone. She caught sight of me before I could reach the cart. \"Can I borrow a towel?\" I said. \"I... got locked out of my room. \" With anyone else, the lie would have worked, but I recognized her . Her name was Michelle. I met her on Okcupid. I swear, I don't know what it is about that damn website. Girls seem friendly enough to me in the real world, but when I go to Okcupid, the only females that answer my messages are fat chicks with mental problems. We had one date and she called it off because I didn't hug her affectionately enough. Some crap about the `Languages of Love' book. \"Andrew?\" she cried. A second later, she was hurling a towel at me like it contained a dead rat. Once I had myself properly covered, she stared at my chest, not looking at my face, a strange reaction, considering the towel throwing. I should have fled right then and there, but I hesitated. \"Wait...\" She marched closer. \"I never saw you check in.\" \"I just arrived a few minutes ago,\" I lied. She closed the gap. \" You got undressed awful quick. \" \" I was tired . I like sleeping in the nude, okay?\" \"It's only six o' clock.\" \"I went out drinking with my girlfriend. I took a dip in the pool.\" She now stood in front of me. She definitely wants the towel off, I thought. \" I don't smell any alcohol. \" \"Breath mints.\" \"Yeah? I don't smell that either. You are such a bad liar. `Drinking with your girlfriend,' or `a girlfriend'... You know what I think? I think you don't actually have a room . I think you had a bipolar episode and thought it would be funny to stalk me down at work and flash me.\" You know how girls in TV shows always tell guys, in general, to `be themselves' in order to win them? They only say that so they can weed out the creeps. I didn't notice she had a taser until she had it pressed live to my chest, knocking me to the floor. I woke up in the back of a police cruiser. Not the greatest feeling in the world, sitting bare assed naked on a car seat that smelled funny and probably had dried up saliva and blood and just about everything else unsanitary caked onto it, especially when people could see right through the windows, and the only clothing available to you were kid's sized D.A.R.E. shirts and a towel you couldn't move to a decent or comfortable spot on account of the handcuffs. A couple thickset officers in Kevlar and an excessive amount of police accouterments held me captive, a black guy at the wheel, a shorter white guy on the passenger side. \"I can say one thing,\" the guy on the right side commented. \"We didn't need to pat you down for weapons. \" \"There's a joke in there,\" the driver said. \"But I'm not touching it.\" \"I wouldn't want to touch it either.\" The two laughed. I'd been thrown into a Ford Explorer, with the standard `mobile crimelab' computer and a radio that constantly gave number and alphabet soup jargon in between long static filled silences. People didn't use Crown Vics that much anymore, except on TV and in Cool World. \"Where are your clothes?\" one asked me. \"They're.. .in another hotel, \" I told the cops through the mesh screen. Not exactly a lie. \"I was sleepwalking. Swear to God. Like I said, I blacked out. \" \"Right,\" said the stocky cop in the passenger seat. \"You just walked, naked as a jaybird, all the way up to a hotel you never registered with, then climbed ten stories to flash your ex-girlfriend... in your sleep. \" \"Remember that incident a few years back with the LSD in the water supply?\" \"Yeah,\" the driver laughed. \"Like we haven't heard that one before!\" \"So, what, you're saying someone in their right mind would actually walk all the way across town to the upper floor of a hotel to flash a fat girl he dated once and didn't even like?\" \"You know how many times I get insanity pleas from the perps I catch? Let's just say it's a lot. \" \"Especially from rapists,\" said the other cop, implying that was my intent. \"I don't know. I'm pretty sure I'd have to be insane to want to hit that. Michelle couldn't give a great dane a boner.\" \"Yeah? Well think about Charles Manson. The man was clearly insane , yet we put him behind bars , not in a mental institution.\" \"So now you're comparing me to Manson.\" The driver smirked. \"I don't know... you killed anybody? \" Unlike in Cool World, the view outside the windows actually changed, but the officers weren't in a hurry to get anywhere. As you should be very well aware, the only thing a cop does fast is write speeding tickets, and it appeared they were on lunch.. .or maybe they decided to go on lunch to humiliate me. They stopped, got sub sandwiches. People pointed and laughed at me. \"This kind of stuff didn't happen as much before Reagan,\" the driver said to his companion as they ate. \"After they disbanded all the mental asylums, they let all the lunatics wander free in the streets.\" \"Are you saying you believe him now?\" \"Have you seen the woman he flashed?\" \"Technically, it wasn't a flash. She got the whole show. \" \"Still...\" The policeman in the driver's side had been consulting his cop computer this whole time. \"Looks like this guy's wanted for more than just a misdemeanor public indecency charge. We've got a destruction of private property, assault and battery and attempted murder charges.\" I sank back in the grungy cushions. \"Shit.\" That's it, I thought. I'm never getting out of jail, and I came dressed for gang rape. \" So the guy's alive , right? The guy I supposedly... assaulted? \" \"I don't see actual murder on your sheet... \" the cop agreed. \"Is the guy okay? Mr. Kanifkey, I mean? His legs didn't get broken or something, did they?\" \"It says here you blew him through a wall with some kind of charged explosive . It also says you've been subpoenaed by his wife. Civil court.\" \"Does it say what for?\" \"No. I only see what's on the reports.\" \"You're saying you don't have Google on that thing. \" The man silently searched for a few moments. \"Wait. The Union Plaza. .. wasn't that the same place as that terror attack a few days ago? \" The other cop snapped his fingers. \"The airborne hallucinogen!\" They both craned their thick necks around to stare at me, which is hard to do with all that equipment. They had to kind of wiggle around in their armor. \"Moving up in the world,\" said the driver. \"Big time felonies!\" \"You're just full of surprises, Mr. Deebes!\" \"God,\" I muttered. \"Could this day get any worse?\" And then another troubling thought crossed my mind. \"Hey, did you two, uh, happen to hear anything about a glass elevator falling out of the sky somewhere?\" \"Will you get a load of this guy? Now he thinks he's Willie Wonka! \" \"More like Wally Wanker! He must have breathed in while he was spraying the town!\" \"Who knows? Maybe the Oompa Loompas will come break him out of jail!\" Both men had a good laugh at that. They didn't find it so funny when said elevator came crashing down on the yellow center lines a couple feet from the car.[Chapter 95] I got whistles and catcalls as they led me into County Lock Up, but I at least got a nice orange jumpsuit to wear. The police confiscated my wedding ring/the Signet Ring of the Bird Kingdom, making me feel more naked than ever before. As I watched them pass the item into storage, I came to the sudden realization that, although Jessica had dumped me at the Sheraton, I never saw her remove her own ring. In other words, she could possibly still have feelings for me, that the ring actually still meant something to her, as it had during that fateful day on the Union Plaza rooftop. After all, our signet rings, as she had mentioned when she first tackled me in the glass elevator, also signified our betrothal. Of course, it could have been just for the power, but I still held on to my hope. They put me in a cell with a skinny white dude that looked stoned out of his mind. \"Hey, cutie!\" he said to me. \"Want some Xanax?\" I shook my head. \"I don't do that shit.\" He didn't skip a beat. \"You streak often, or was it a special occasion?\" \"Uh... I was drunk. \" The man smiled. \"You should get drunk more often. You got a nice butt.\" I blanched. \"That's it. No more talking.\" When I got on the upper bunk and took off my prison issue shoes, he played with my feet. I kicked him away, and as I did so, my leg became an animated rat foot, elongating enough to hit him in the face and knock him to the floor. He cowered in a corner, muttering about never doing drugs again. Now, he'd been working on one of those adult coloring books. I'm not sure what I was thinking, maybe being in Cool World doodle-fied my brain, maybe I momentarily entertained the erroneous thought that any prison would let me tap into Cool World's power, or maybe it was my foot turning furry. At any rate, I can think of no other rationale for playing with my creepy cell mate's coloring book. Singing Outshined by Soundgarden, I poked my fingers against one of the uncolored pages. My hand glowed, went through the surface. Slight problem: The book was full of mandalas, and when my hand entered Mandala Land, the cell filled with the sounds of Iron Butterfly's In The Garden of Eden . A warden came by to see what was happening. I got distracted, turned real, and my hand exploded out the back cover in a spray of shredded paper. \"Hey!\" my cell mate cried. \"My book!\" \"Can it,\" I said. \"Unless you want me to do the same thing to your head.\" I smiled nervously at the warden. \"Man, I don't know how he did that,\" said he. \"But I'd do what the man said.\" He paused. \"I wonder if I have any sick days left?\" The officer walked off. I picked up a blue felt tipped pen, thought about drawing a hole in the wall, but decided against it. I'd done that once before, and I only got into trouble. Here, in real life, I'd either end up in another cell, or inside the plumbing. Instead, on the back cover of the book, I drew a crude skull with a passable imitation of a key attached to it. By singing The Chili Peppers' Soul to Squeeze , I successfully managed to bring my drawing off the page and into the real world, an actual glowing key that constantly ground its teeth together. The moment I brought it up to the cell door, I realized my mistake. The cell opened by a buzzer button, not a regular lock. It seemed I had been watching too many movies. \"You moron,\" the key said. \"Up your keyhole!\" I muttered, stowing the tool for later. The problem with buzzer locks is that they made noise, so even if I did like that one episode of Arrow and dislocate my arm, the warden would catch me. I'd actually be better off drawing a hole. Again, doing so would only put me in a cell with Bubba, or the basement, or somewhere else where the cops would find me, but I didn't have any other plan at the moment. That was, until I noticed the stamp on my cellmate's letter to home, a picture postcard-like landscape of cutesy New England cottages in winter. Now, as a kid, I had seen a television program where a boy magically mails himself to Australia and Japan by merely...standing on... something and doing a little chant. Up until my imprisonment, I had taken this as a metaphor for using your imagination, but now, when I actually needed to remember the chant, all I could think of was, \"Gooble gobble, gooble gobble, one of us, one of us.\" I knew I was taking a big risk, attempting to mail myself to the man's brother in... Winnemucca (I'd probably destroy the stamp, letter and everything else) but I figured I'd be screwed no matter what I did, and this was as good an idea as any. Placing my hand on the envelope, I emptied my mind of everything but the lyrics to Soul to Squeeze and opening the front door of that little stone cottage with the glowing orange windows and steam rising from the chimney on its snow covered roof. To my surprise, I actually shrank to a size of less than 0.87 inches and landed in a snowbank. The thought occurred to me that I could have used a similar tactic to squeeze between the bars of my cell door, but such is life. I knocked on the door to the house. The door swung open, and a man in Victorian garb and a face like Ebenezer Scrooge poked his head out, scowling at me. \"What the hell do you want.\" I punched him in the face, knocking him out cold. In my defense, I didn't see that many houses in that little hamlet, and I feared what would happen if the wardens saw a stamp that looked like me on the envelope. I dragged the home owner inside, shut the door, watching the real world through the guy's frosted windows. The interior of the house looked just as picture postcard-y as the exterior. Set design by Charles Dickens. A tea kettle bubbled in the fireplace. I set my victim up in a rocking chair, securing him with ropes. A woman resembling Mrs. Santa Claus came into the room. \"Who is that, dear?\" I gave her a sheepish wave. The woman screamed, so I knocked her out too. When I peered out the window again, I saw a row of artfully painted doves staring back at me. They moved and fluttered around in strange, annoyingly slow motions, like characters in that 1982 The Snowman film, like someone had made a cartoon out of a bunch of paintings. They squinted at the glass for a moment, then bowed in reverence. I opened the door, and they all fluttered in. \"My king!\" said one of them. \"What brings you to this place?\" \"I'm in jail. I...got.. desperate . Do you have any better places to hide than this? It's going to be awkward when these guys wake up.\" They bobbed their heads. \"We know just the place! \" They led me through the snow to a big snow covered bird nest, built like an igloo, behind one of the cottages. The interior looked like Sherlock Holmes's living room, but with bird pictures everywhere. The doves introduced themselves as Cyril, Reginald and Cedric. Cyril poured me a cup of tea. \"So. Was she good?\" \"Uh...\" I stammered. \"Yeah.\" \"Who do you prefer more, Cupcake...or Splinter? \" I blushed. \"Look, I know I...shouldn't expect that much privacy, being that you're birds, but could we place talk about something else?\" \"Your garb is very peculiar.\" \"And bright,\" said Reggie. \"It's prison issue, so yeah, orange is the new black.\" Cedric glanced at my finger and gasped. \"Your highness! Your signet ring!\" \"I know,\" I groaned. \"The police took it.\" The birds stared at me in astonishment. \"They can do that?\" \"Unfortunately.\" \"Is there anything we can do?\" I peeked out the door hole. \"Could you...watch what happens in the real world, maybe see if they move me out of this jail?\" Cyril saluted me. \"By your command, your highness!\" and he flew out the door. \"So,\" I muttered. \"Can I...get to Cool World from here?\" The two remaining birds shook their heads and said \"Nuh uh.\" \"Something has happened to our world. It is collapsing. You were lucky to find us, highness. Even your trusted aid, Extra, has become imprisoned in a way we cannot access from here. We are cut off from the Multiverse. We have not heard any news for several hours.\" \"Did you and her majesty climax at the same time, or did you finish first?\" \"Stop,\" I said. \"Just...stop.\" \"Is that what you told her? \" I smacked my face. Cyril flew back in. \"We're still in the prison cell, highness.\" I slumped into a rocking chair. \"Let me know if there's any change.\" All of a sudden, it felt like an earthquake had hit the village. Pictures fell off the walls, dishes broke. \"Would this count as a change, your highness?\" The birds kept me up to date with the recent developments, the wardens getting upset about my absence, my cell mate ranting and raving about me disappearing into a stamp, until they gave him medication, and his envelope got placed on the correspondence cart to go out. The cart moved to the front office, then the mailbox. Everything seemed to be going according to plan. Time passed. I slept. When I came out in the snow to look around, I couldn't tell what was going on. The mailbag was dark, we got jostled around a lot, and the guy I punched came out with a shotgun, which made it hard for me to keep watch. I returned to the nest, had tea and crumpets. I waited. The birds told me we'd been placed in another envelope, sent to a sorting station, another dark bag, a darkened mail slot, then a facility where dozens of people sorted through envelopes. The whole process sounded so weird that I came out to see what the hell was going on. That was when I noticed I'd been placed in a dark concrete room. As I stared, a stern looking brown face loomed over me. Humorless, female, short cropped hair. \"Mister Deebes,\" she said in a scolding tone that sounded like the voice of God from my vantage point. \"Please come out of that stamp immediately. If you fail to comply within two minutes, I can make things very unpleasant for you.\" To illustrate her point, she grabbed a corner of the envelope and slowly tore it off. So I didn't believe the woman could actually rip an animated stamp in half. I stayed in my little world, standing still, pretending to be nothing but an illustration. Stocky, bun hairdo, clad in a pantsuit...she looked like a grumpy frog in drag. \"Oh, so you want to play hardball. Okay, let's play hardball. \" Suddenly, Stamp World got really warm, filling up with smoke. \"Only you!\" I heard a voice shouting. I spun around and saw a brown bear in a ranger's hat brandishing a shovel. \"Only you could screw up something this bad!\" he shouted, swinging his weapon like a baseball bat. The shovel hit me, and I went flying out of the picture frame, onto the floor of an interrogation room. The woman slapped the burning stamp, extinguishing the flame. She stomped up to me, hands on her fat hips, glowering at me. \" Glad to have you back, Mr. Deebes. Let's talk.\"[Chapter 96] The woman grabbed me by the ear, dragged me to a chair, and cuffed me to one of those shackle bars. \"What were you before you had sex?\" I asked the woman. \"Mister Toad?\" The woman slapped me. I didn't know my hand had turned animated until she shackled me to the bar with one of those cuffs Misty used to trap birds with, the ones with the unfunny jokes inside. The woman's eyes narrowed. \"Why were you naked at that hotel?\" I sighed. \"Flashing an ex girlfriend I met on Okcupid.\" \"That's not what the security cameras showed. You came in from the roof. \" \"Mile high club. We do parachutes. \" \"We didn't find one of those either.\" \"My girlfriend...\" The woman sat back. \"Okay. Now we're getting somewhere.\" She slid a glossy photo of Nightbreed Cupcake across the desk. \"Is this your partner? \" I frowned. They had her in a prison cell, chained half naked to a wall. The weird thing was, she had posed like some kind of centerfold model, directing my attention to her wares. \"You seem to know all the answers already.\" \"Would you like for us to dissect her now, or later?\" I swallowed hard. \"Look. I'll answer any questions you want, but so far you aren't asking me anything you can't figure out yourself.\" \"What did you do with Mr. Kanifkey?\" \"You wouldn't believe me if I told you.\" My interrogator rolled her eyes, slapped a photo of the cartoon shoes from Jessica's car on the table. \"Mr. Deebes, you'd be surprised what I'll believe... Where are the explosives?\" I furrowed my brow. \"What explosives?\" The woman picked up the picture of Jessica, which, despite being the same picture, now showed the bird with her legs closed, one eye winking. My interrogator tore a small rip in the top of the photo. \"I'm not in the mood for games, Mr. Deebes. Something clearly blew open an entire section of that hotel. Where are the explosives?\" \"Listen, lady-\" \"It's Officer Jenkins to you.\" \"Officer Jenkins . Did you find any evidence of explosives?\" She looked...skeptical. \"What else could have caused an entire wall to blow out like that?\" \"A cartoon mouse sneezed Mr. Kanifkey through a wall.\" She stared at me, apparently not believing. \"That's the god's honest truth. He sneezed. \" She paused a long time, fixing me with an incredulous stare. At last she showed me a picture of loincloth wearing Sneezer. \"This guy?\" A cartoon heart popped out of my orange jumpsuit. \"Yeah. That's him.\" \"Well, that does explain the lack of chemical residue...where is your father?\" \"He's in Cool World.\" She blinked like a toad. \"What is that.\" \"It's where all the cartoons live.\" \"How do we get there?\" I sighed. \"I don't know anymore. Someone appears to have shut the power off.\" Another long pause. \"My dad and I don't hang out. I have no clue where he is.\" She looked skeptical now. \"I see.\" She showed me photographs of the Sky Stations at Bartle Hall, and the shattered top portion of the KCPL building. \"Recognize this? You did a lot of damage to this place. My question to you is how. \" \"These things tend to happen when you fight a supervillain.\" She pulled out closeups of the alien machinery. \"And what are these?\" \"Hell if I know! The alien we were fighting, she put them in there a long time ago. That's all I can tell you.\" Jenkins narrowed her eyes. \"And where is this `supervillain now.\" \"She committed suicide.\" \"How very convenient... a witness saw you fall through the ceiling of a car show and break your legs. How are you walking?\" \"Mind over matter.\" She looked like she'd just smelled a fart, but didn't ask for further explanation. \"Is that how you control the birds?\" \"You mean now, or when they almost took over the world?\" The woman looked like she believed me responsible for all of it. \"Both.\" \"No. That thing...at the hotel...that was a... usurper , who stole the bird queen's power. She had a staff , which we broke.\" Jenkins took the pieces out of a suitcase, dropping it on the table. \"Show me.\" \"I can't. It's broken. The magic is gone.\" She threatened me with a picture of Jessica again. Incidentally, Jessica had her wings spread now, proudly displaying her tail feathers. I furrowed my brow, silently mouthing that I didn't understand. The photo glared at me, rolled her eyes. \"What are you doing to her?\" I asked. \"Doing, Mr. Deebes? Nothing . Whether that changes is up to you. How do we work the staff?\" \"Like I said, you don't! It's broken! B-R-O-K-E-N!\" She crossed her arms like she didn't believe me. \"Okay. I have a ring. \" She placed my signet ring on the table. \" This, you mean.\" \"Yeah, but I'd need an animated bird for it to be any good.\" \"So it doesn't work on regular ones.\" \"Not that I know about.\" \"Why did you murder all those people?\" I swallowed. \"Hey! That wasn't my fault! My... enemy was turning people into birds and dropping them off buildings.\" \"Right. The enemy in your head. \" I slumped in my chair. \"You're right. Why do I even care what the hell you think? It doesn't change the truth.\" \"The truth that you did it.\" \"Screw you. I thought you wanted answers, not more made up excuses to put me in jail.\" Jenkins looked like she were about to ribbit. \"Do you know the woman from the first incident? The one in 1992?\" \"We've met.\" \"How did she do what she did?\" \"Uh...pulling a spike out of the sign?\" She sighed through her nostrils. \"How did you transform your next door neighbor into a bird?\" \"Mrs. Featherstone you mean? I told you, that was the usurper!\" \"That's not what she said. She told me you borrowed her phone, and in return you transformed her into a bird.\" \"There are worse things-\" Remembering the deaths, I stopped myself. \"I don't know how to fix that stick. You probably have to say a magic spell and pour dwarf star alloy all over it or something. I'd fix it if I knew how.\" \"A woman named Dane Gatson is missing. You were last seen with her. Ring any bells?\" \"In a floating jukebox. Don't ask me where. She went off on her own, along with her boyfriend Greg.\" \"Greg Cupertino , also missing.\" \"Floating jukebox,\" I repeated. She showed me a blurry photograph of the object in question. \"You're referring to this , correct? Can you bring it to us?\" I shrugged. \"No, not now. I need my birds.\" She walked out of the room with her photos and objects, leaving me alone with the blank gray walls and the one way mirror. I thought back to Jessica-Cupcake's photograph, those panty shots that had burned themselves into my retinas. My horny brain hadn't registered it at the time, but there had been actual messages on her underwear, spelling out things like a Shirt Tales character. `Cell 418,' her bra had said, and between her legs, `Skeleton key?' The second time I looked, the message read, `Wait til 4 P.M.' In the picture where she unfurled her wings and closed her legs, her bra read, `Bring pencil,' and her feathers framed a message scrawled on the concrete: `Blackout.' Even the last one, the one where she got frustrated at my stupidity, she gave me a final message: `Have Extra' and on her panties, `Here.' I glanced at the clock. 3:50. The skeleton key was in my pocket, but how was I supposed to reach in there and get it out? No amount of funny-funny allowed me to pull my hands free. I resorted to climbing up on the table, throwing my legs over the bar, butt against the object as I dug in my pockets. Once I had the key, I slipped it under my palms and hid it there, anxiously watching the clock. ","Summary":" As I stood in the cemetery, dressed in my tuxedo, staring down at my father's tombstone, the first "}]