[{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Don't Let Them See You","Author":"Daredevildareyon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10634243","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This a short story that's inspired by the \"Wrong Turn\" movies. I've always wanted to write something that was kinda different so here it is. Hope you guys enjoy it :) ( Chapter One) I had been running for miles. After for what felt like running for 1'000's of miles, I stopped to rest and hide in a pool of shrubbery. I Couldn't believe I was in this situation again. In these woods, in the middle of nowhere. Only I was left, all the rest of my friends had been stabbed to death, chopped in half, or dragged back to the mutants headquarters to be tortured until they were eaten. I'd been though this before with my older brother, his friends, and mine. The first time i managed to escape but my brother's friends didn't. Neither did my brother. You can just say that was a spring break gone wrong. The second time, now, my friends are gone and.. well I don't know if I can find my way out this time. I heard the engine of a truck inching closer and closer. I prayed they would keep on driving but that must have not worked because the clanking of the motor silenced. I heard the truck doors slam shut then the cracking of leaves. I never understood why they cackled or what it meant but I did remember that every time the cannibals couldn't find one of my friends they did it. It must mean that they were frustrated. I mean they have been chasing me for hours now. I had to get out of here, it was just a matter of time before they found me. I began looking around to see if I could find any sort of weapon. Luckily I spotted what seemed to be a rusted bow and a few arrows. I peeked my head through one of the brushes to see exactly how many there was..Three. I had just enough to put an end to all the killings that happened on this land or I could just wait until they left and try to find my way out of here. Either way I chose to take action there was a possibility of me being chewed on by their fucked up teeth. So what do I want to do? ","Summary":" This a short story that's inspired by the \"Wrong Turn\" movies. I've always wanted to write someth"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Wrong Turn, Right Time","Author":"Rhadeya","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2193284","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer : Don't own any of them, wish I did :) Notes : Thanks to Chrysti (aka CLCurtis ) and Katie (aka Rain With attitude ) for all your help and support :) Sometimes I wonder whether fate was throwing me a curveball, by sending me down that road. My department head at the hospital told me, just before I left, that I had everything ahead of me. I graduated from medical school at the top of my class, and the hospital told me that my work with them had been exemplary. I've always wanted to work with children, so when the paediatrician position came up in Raleigh, I applied for it. Having finally managed to finish doing up my car, I figured I'd drive from my home in Columbus down to Raleigh, rather than flying. I told Jessie that the reason I'd decided to drive was that I'd put all my money into my car, but that wasn't strictly true. I still had more than enough money to pay for a plane ticket, I just don't like flying. And that's how I ended up taking a wrong turn on the way and running into Jessie and her friends. What really gets me mad is that if we'd only walked the other way down the road, back the way we had all come from, most of those kids would still be alive. I knew my cell phone would work, if we went back a few miles, but I didn't think of it at the time, because I was in shock. I should have known not to leave the scene, that having just been in a serious accident I wouldn't be thinking straight. But, even being a doctor, I didn't think about the after effects of the accident, I just knew that I had to get to my appointment. Some doctor I'd make, if I can't even tell when someone is in shock. I knew when we entered that house that there was something very wrong, but I couldn't place exactly what it was. Maybe just a gut feeling, perhaps a buried memory of something I had read. Whatever it was, the moment I stepped through that door, I knew we were in trouble. I just hadn't figured out how much trouble we were in, until I opened the refrigerator. Jars if organs lined every shelf, but my mind didn't want to accept the truth of their contents. It was only when I opened that tub that I'd had no choice but to accept what I was seeing. Human lungs are rather distinctive, and that was exactly what I was seeing in that tub. Scott had scared the shit out of me when he touched my shoulder, and I'd thrown the tub back onto the shelf, slamming the refrigerator door behind me. By then, it was already too late, because the mountain men were returning, towing our damaged vehicles and with their next meal in their truck. Getting out of bed slowly, to avoid waking the beautiful woman sleeping beside me, I pad silently into the bathroom. Turning on the cold water, I splash the icy liquid onto my face, trying to keep away the thoughts and memories that are threatening to overwhelm me. I look up into the mirror and the face of Francine stares back at me, the mountain men's barbed wire lodged right back to the back of her jaw. Three months later and I can still feel her warm, sticky blood on my hand, and no amount of washing will ever remove that feeling. Both Jessie and I have been trying to cope with what happened out there in the mountains. It was only a few days ago that we were finally able to lay the ghosts of Jessie's friends to rest. After we escaped the mountains, leaving the mountain men badly injured and burning in their ramshackle hut, we reported the location to the police. A few days later, we got told that another ranger had gone missing, and we knew something had to be done. We explained everything that had happened up there, and left it to the authorities to deal with the problem. Four days ago, I got a call from the F.B.I. to inform us that the situation had been dealt with. They told us they'd gone up there with a large team, all armed to the teeth, and had permanently wiped those bastards off the face of the planet. Using DNA to identify owners of the various organs stored in the house, many families had finally been able to lay their loved ones to rest. A slight sigh escapes my lips as I think of all those people who fell victim to the mountain men. Above all, the faces of those kids haunt me still, even though we have now managed to bury their remains and lay them to rest. Jessie still has nightmares about Carly, and I think she still blames herself for the deaths of her friends. I know I do. One wrong turn took away everything Jessie ever cared about, and tore away the future I thought I'd had ahead of me. The job I'd been going to the interview for was given to someone else, and the bullet wound in my leg has caused permanent damage. The muscle damage means I'll always walk with a limp, but I guess I should be glad I can still walk. A few more months of physical therapy and I should be able to get around without a walking stick, and maybe then I can start looking for another job. \"Chris?!\" I hear the shout behind me, and limp back into the bedroom. Jessie is sitting up in bed, soaked with sweat. Her eyes are wild and full of fear. She's had another nightmare, probably the same one she had every night. Climbing back into bed, I gather her into my arms and gently rock her back and forth as she releases her grief. She cries less each night, and manages to smile a little more each day. Perhaps she is finally managing to come to terms with what happened and put it behind her, even if I can't as yet. I know that, when she has dealt with it, she'll be there to help me deal as well. We both lost everything in those few, fateful days, but we gained each other. Both our lives got turned upside down, and neither of us will ever be able to go back to the way things were. But we're strong enough to get through it, and rebuild our lives once more. We're both strong on our own, but together we're unbeatable. That road may have been a wrong turn, but it brought us together at the right time, and now we're together, we'll take whatever life throws at us and overcome it... ","Summary":" Disclaimer : Don't own any of them, wish I did :) Notes : Thanks to Chrysti (aka CLCurtis ) and Kat"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Wrong Turn","Author":"Michelle Rodriguez 2","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6024917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Jessie Burlingame: Eliza Dushku Chris Flynn: Desmond Harrington Phillip: (Jessie's Ex-Boyfriend) Dominic Burlingame: Vin Deisel [I'm Jessie Burlingame and We, Chris and I just Escaped Bear Creek with our Lives. We've been driving fror Miles and reached a freeway a few Hours ago. Now we're at least Fifty miles from Bear Creek. I keep sriving and finally reach a heavily populated city. I read the sign and Realize that we've reached Raleigh. I drive up to an Apartment and half Carry Chris inside. I then pay the Landlord and get the key. I walk into the Apartment and set up the bed for Chris to sleep in and set up the couch for me to sleep on. I place a Pillow on one end and drape a comforter over the rest of it, Lock the doors, Lie down and go to sleep. The next morning I wake up and see Chris sitting in the Chair across from the couch, watching me sleep, He smiles when he see's me wake up.] (Chris) Where'd we end up? (Jessie) Raleigh. We're in an Apartment building that I paid rent for an entire month on. And you'll be able to go to your meeting today. (Chris) Nah. The meeting's long over. I was supposed to be here for the actual meeting yesterday. Too bad we were stuck in the forest. (Jessie) I can call my brother. He can be here in no time. He'd fly. (Chris) Okay. [I call my brother and he agree's to come over, he tell's me that he's already in Raliegh. I hear a knock on the door a few hours later, I answer it and I see my brother. I let him in and introduce him to Chris. ","Summary":" Jessie Burlingame: Eliza Dushku Chris Flynn: Desmond Harrington Phillip: (Jessie's Ex-Boyfriend) Do"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"The Taste of Blood","Author":"DeanObsession","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5735037","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I should have used the ax, but the spear was the closest thing to me at the time. It was an instinct, I tried to convince myself. But we all knew what it really was, although I wouldn't admit it. It was the urge to make these mutilated cannibals suffer for what they do to us. Dan was only 22 years old when he was sliced down the back with some sharp rectangular object by one of them. I tried to save him I really did, but I was next on that one's list. I ran down the sloping hill, sliding past trees at an unnatural speed when on two feet. My black blouse and jeans isn't very good camoflage, I thought as an arrow shot past my head and went into a nearby tree. At the bottom of the hill was a rocky and sandy beach with a waterfall not far away. I landed on the sandy shore and bent down to take a breath. I heard russling not far behind me so I sped forward into the water. When it was deep enough I knew I had to submerge myself before it saw where I went and came after me. The water was cool around my head and for a moment I was relaxed and picturing myself underwater in a hotel resort pool with my boyfriend Andy. I came back to reality at the sound of a splash. I could hear movement underwater. Its one of them, I thought, I'm gonna die. I swooshed my head around towards the splashing. I almost screamed with joy when I found Bonnie a couple yards away going further under, trying to hide. I waved my hand to get her attention and she looked over with a frightened expression. When she saw it was me she relaxed and swam towards me. We couldn't speak to eachother underwater, but we understood what we'd have to do soon. Run for our lives. We both put our lips out of the water for air. Then slowly desended back into the water. It was the only thing we could do to survive while we hid in, if they found us, our watery graves. After what seemed like forever of lifting our lips and staying underwater we swam toward the opposite shore we came from. After we were close to trees and shade we shot out of the water and ran into the forest. I couldn't help but look back to see if we were gonna be followed and found no one on the opposite shore. That wasn't as comforting as it should have been. I followed Bonnie through the forest, but I felt as if we were going in circles because everything looked exactly the same to me. We ran until we came upon a grassy path shaded with overhanging trees and bushes. I didn't want to take the chance of following it out in the open, it was one of their paths. We crept along stelthily behind the bushes, following the path out of sight. We covered a great length of distance when we heard the sound of their blood-covered rusty truck. They had many, from every family they ever killed, but they seemed to only use this one. The hood was empty of another body, but as we hid in the underbrush they weren't laughing as they do when their having fun . They were serious, their hunting face. I could almost feel the anger coming from them. Then I realized what that meant. They knew there was someone else in the woods. I'm not sure if they saw us or somehow sensed us, but they never once glanced our way. I've been here before, in these woods. I was the only one out of our whole group who had been. I didn't know we were coming here, if I did I wouldn't of come. But they were all innocent, they didn't know what lurked in these woods. Including Bonnie, I thought as I looked over at her. I felt bad for her, she didn't realize the things they could do, the things they hear. Something I couldn't beleive of it all was that I didn't remember most of the parts I had come across this time. It was as if I was only in a small section of the forest last time, unaware of the distance these woods cover. The worst part of it all was that I couldn't remember the path I took to escape. I didn't know where we were now, so knowing how to get the forked road and beyond was going to be a very big challenge. I tried to see who was left as we continued along the bushes. There was Dan, Cal, Hannah, Megan, Lake, Jamie, Bonnie, Jane and I. We didn't really know eachother that well. Just like the first time I came to these woods. Dan was sliced down the back. Lake was caught by a rope and stabbed continuously. Hannah was shot with an arrow. Jamie was banged against a rock and then dragged back to their camp. Cal was killed along with jane when they got ran over by their truck and dragged with pipes through them. I'm not exactly sure what happened to Megan, but I remember her getting chased by one of them. Towards the cliff. She couldn't be alive and if she is she's held up at their camp while they wait to kill, cook, and eat her. That's when I knew. Bonnie and I are the last one's left. Thinking back, that means they know were out here. \"Bonnie, we need to run!\" I whispered to her. But it was already too late. I could hear the truck take a sharp turn and was now heading back this way. ","Summary":" I should have used the ax, but the spear was the closest thing to me at the time. It was an instinc"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Would You Love a Monster Man?","Author":"Becky Quinn-the-one-and-only","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9616526","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Gideon= Three Finger Samuel= Saw-Tooth Andrew= One eye \"Ma I'm going now\" \"Where?\" \"Just out to read like I always do\" \"Be careful\" \"I will\" Grabbing her book and slipping on her shoes fourteen-year-old Amy Wilson set out for the woods behind her house as she always did, she was also going to read to \"them\" as she always did. Running thought the woods she dunked and jumped over plants and tree limbs until she came to a clearing with an old shack resting in it, \"Boys?!\" she asked as she knocked on the door. \"Boys?\" she asked again she looked around the shack and even father back into the fields, she was about ready to go back home when she heard the familiar laughing of Gideon, smiling to herself she started to walk back home. \"I brought a new book and everything,\" she said loudly then sighed, hearing the usual grunts of an argument she kept walking, \"I guess I really will have to go home\" She heard the rustling of there feet in the tall grass but she kept walking suppressing a laugh she kept walking, looking down she saw the long towering shadow of Samuel, she shifted the book in her hands. Then suddenly she was grabbed and spun around, \"Put me down Sam!\" she laughed, \"I'm not going home yet!\" she said as he placed her on the ground \"I was only kidding\" Gideon was already tearing the book away from her hands making the usual grunts and sounds that Amy had become accustomed too, \"Alright\" she said taking the book back from him \"I'll start as soon as Andrew gets here\" Sam had wormed his arm around her waist and was leading her over to the shack \"Are your parents here?\" Amy asked as she took a set on the steps, \"I wanted to ask them something\" she said looking between them. Sam gave a little shrug while Gideon laughed, Amy shook her head slightly; she was used to this answer \"So what have you guys been up to?\" she asked reaching over and tucking some hair away from Gideon's eyes. \"You should really keep this short Gideon,\" Amy told him \"If you don't it'll keep getting in your eyes\" she scolded, Gideon smiled and started sucking on his fingers smiling she looked over at Sam \"So where is Andrew? I can't stay out to long,\" she told them as she started to get up when Gideon grunted and pushed her back down. Amy sighed, \"Fine\" she said as she opened the book she brought with her, \"I'll stay for a little while longer\" she smiled at the two boys \"But if Andrew doesn't hurry I'll have to start without him\" Amy wasn't sure just how long she and the boys had been friends she had ventured out into the woods sometime when she was little and had met Sam and just kept coming back to the woods until she met the whole family. The family was illiterate she tried to teach their mother, Lydia how to read but she couldn't grasp the concept and instead asked her to help the boys she did but they made the same progress there mother had. Amy tried to get the boys to talk she even tried to teach them words but all they could get out were grunts, she eventually gave up and just started reading to them; they really enjoyed that. She figured that they just liked it when she showed the pictures but lately she noticed that they were listening to the story, sometimes they would read to her or more like they took her book and grunted and then showed the pictures to her. \"Okay I'll just have to start with out him,\" she said as she picked up her book and begin reading, \"Once upon a time there was a beautiful princess-\" \"Aamyy\" Looking up she saw Andrew walking out of the woods and over to them, 'Aammmy\" he said again as he came closer, Amy stood so fast she dropped her book and walked over to him, \"Say it again\" she asked him. \"Amyyy\" he said again then laughed, \"Andrew that's so good!\" she said as she wrapped her arms around him \"When did you learn to say that?\" she asked, but he only smiled and said her name again. Behind her, she heard Gideon grunt loudly and she turned and saw him standing with his arms outstretched, \"Gideon\" she laughed and hugged him as well 'C-can you say my name?\" she asked as she pulled away. She looked over at Sam \"Sam?\" she asked, \"Can you say my name?\" The tall boy rubbed his lips together and tried to form the \"A\" but it came out more like \"Mmmy\" she smiled and looked back at Gideon. \"Can you say my name?\" she asked he nodded and opened his mouth but only a grunt came out, he tired again but it was the same; he tried again and this time his brothers laughed. Gideon growled at them and tried again but still nothing came out, noticing tears forming in his eyes Amy wrapped her arms around him \"It's okay Gideon!\" she told him \"You just need to practice is all!\" she said as she pulled away and picked up her book. \"Okay\" she said as she sat back down and started reading again, \"sttaayy\" looking up and over Sam she felt tears sting her eyes, \"Ammmyyy stayyyy\" he said again, Amy bit her lip trying not cry. \"Guys…\" she said softy \"You know I can't,\" she said as she wiped her eyes \"But school will be over soon and I'll be out more I promise\" she said \"Now let me finish\" she laughed as she opened the book again. But Andrew placed his hand over it \"Ssssssstay\" he said again \"plleessss\" he said again, Amy smiled \"I-I guess I could stay till the sun goes down and tell my mom that I fell asleep…\" Gideon jumped up and down, Amy smiled and stood up \"Is it okay if I get a cup of water?\" she asked looking over at Sam who nodded, \"I'll be right back\" she told them as she walled into the shack. Gideon looked over at his older brothers and grunted and pointed in Amy's direction, both older boy's nodded, \"Aaaamy staay\" Andrew said and smiled \"Ammmy staayy foreeever\" …... ...I'm not sorry for this. XD well I'm sure you never thought you'd see a fanfic like this huh? : D well I'm a bit odd and fell in love with the three brothers! I mean they were so cute when there little! I just can't help it! So cute. ;D As for there names in this story I have no idea why I used bible names ;) no clue whatsoever, But I think it kinda fits (LOL) but why don't you tell me what you think there names should be? Tell me in a nice long review! I love them! ","Summary":" Gideon= Three Finger Samuel= Saw-Tooth Andrew= One eye \"Ma I'm going now\" \"Where?\" \"Just out t"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Moments","Author":"Jinxgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6444743","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In the moment- drabbles of moments from Wrong Turn Author notes: I do not own these characters. Each of these brief scenes is exactly 100 words long and form a continuous story together, giving greater insight into the characters before, during, and after the events of Wrong Turn. The Break-Up Carly had said all along that Drew didn't deserve her, that she could do better. Still, they'd been dating for six months. Jessie had slept with him, and she wasn't the sort of girl to give it up to every guy who tossed a wink her way. Being dumped hurt, and over the friggin' answer machine…that was the ultimate low. \"Let's get everyone together and go hiking,\" Carly had said. \"We'll ditch work and just have fun, Jess, that's just what you need to forget that loser.\" She didn't have Drew anymore, but at least Jessie had her friends. Wardrobe concerns As Jessie clambered into Francine's mother's car, waving to the giggly, snuggling Scott and Carly in the back, she noticed the issue of everyone's clothes. Clearly no one other than herself had ever been hiking before. Between Francine, Scott, and Evan wearing shorts and Francine and Carly sporting shirts that showed considerable amounts of both stomach and cleavage, they were going to get bit by mosquitos and give themselves greater exposure to poison ivy. Not to mention sunburn. She knew they hadn't brought sunscreen or sunglasses. She thought of saying so, but decided to let it go. It was only one day. The Ride Over Evan and Francine bickered as usual, but there was a gleam in Fran's eye that told Jessie they were on again, if not yet officially. Scott and Carly sprawled together in the back, kissing, whispering, and giggling; once in a while Carly came up for air, leaned forward, and touched Jessie's arm as she talked to her, as if feeling out her emotional mindset. Jessie could have felt like a fifth wheel, but she didn't. she felt nice…almost peaceful, in the midst of her friends and their happiness. She was happy for them. Sitting in quiet, she just listened. The Decision The jammed highway lay behind him, and the time for his meeting drew closer with every passing moment. His cell phone had no signal, and he was literally in the middle of nowhere. Chris had to get to that meeting somehow. His job could depend upon it. The man at the gas station hadn't been very helpful, but that map, the one marking a shortcut through Bear Mountain Road…if the road wasn't too rough on his car and if the map was actually accurate, it could' save his ass a lot of trouble. Turning, Chris made a decision. Meeting of the Victims If he had to crash into someone's car, he could have picked a worse group of people to do it to. The redheaded girl was nice enough looking, if not really Chris's type. Something about her seemed sly, cat-like, and she was definitely pissed at him, not that he blamed her. The Hispanic girl, Carly, wasn't bad either, if a little shrill. But the brunette, Jessie…no doubt about it. She was a hot one. Looking into her narrowed dark eyes and hearing her muttered sarcasms, Chris watched her walk away and decided quickly that this girl, he'd follow anywhere. The Cabin It must have been shock that kept them lingering inside the cabin for so long, shock, curiosity, and pure stupidity. Clearly there was no phone, nothing they could use to bring help…and anyone who kept stacks of old dolls, keys, tools, teeth, and human organs wasn't likely to provide it anyway. Jessie touched the child's rhinestone tiara, her stomach churning. She just wanted to get out before the people who had taken it returned. She had always heard the stories about the West Virginia mountain people, and the last thing they needed- Outside a truck engine rumbled. Everyone froze. Under the bed Fingers digging into Chris's back, Jessie stifled her sobs against his shoulder. Eyes wide, breathing staggering, she felt her heart pounding wildly, her stomach tightening with terror. Under the bed it was cold, filthy, claustrophobic, and Francine's blood trickled ever closer. They had killed her. They had taken her friend and choked her with wire, cut her up before her eyes, and Jessie couldn't scream, couldn't move, couldn't try to save her. And now she could only pray that they wouldn't see her, that they wouldn't kill her too. Huddled against Chris, Jessie struggled to keep control. It was nearly impossible. Scott's sacrifice So many cars, so many victims…it was terrifying, incomprehensible to see. But Jessie thought they'd have a chance. Even when hit by arrow, they'd got Chris safe, got the truck, and old as it was, Jessie could drive it. Scott was catching up, and they would get out, they would be okay. They'd survive. But they shot him. Three arrows to his chest, and Scott, who had been so freaking smart, Scott who had been genuinely the nicest man Jessie had ever met, Scott with his gentle smile and his patient ways, was gone. Three down, three to go. Monster They were only men. As she tore down the dirt road fast as the truck could handle, Carly sobbing hysterically beside her in Chris's arms, Jessie told herself fiercely and repeatedly. They were only men. Not monsters…not demons. But their slack-jawed faces, their grizzled hair and deformed hands…their pitted skin and split mouths…and their eyes, the way they glistened with animal savagery. The way they laughed… How long did it take, how much evil could men do, before they became as monstrous as the deepest evil that lurked within their hearts? Were all capable of becoming monsters? Problems Say they eluded the mountain men…what if they got lost? What if someone broke a leg and they couldn't carry the person out? Chris had been shot, how long could he run? Without medical care, what if he got infected? Carly was barely keeping it together. What if she just sat down and refused to keep going? What if she lost it completely? They had no food, no water, what if they passed out from heatstroke or exhaustion? How would they get help with no phone, no map, no car, and no road? Just keep going…don't think. Just run. Carly Carly had always been a good friend. Jessie had known her since her freshman year of college, and she loves Carly like a little sister. Carly is sweet, playful, fun, always up for a good time, and she's always been there to listen even if Jessie didn't' want to talk. But Carly is weak. Carly is emotional, Carly is scared, and when Carly is scared, she falls apart. And that could cost them their lives. Carly is her responsibility now. It's Jessie's job to look after her, to keep her going, keep her safe. It's on her…she owes her. Running Jessie was on the track team all the way through her senior year of college. She still enjoyed her run every day at 6 am. She lifted weights and sometimes did yoga, enjoying the feeling of pushing herself to the limits, of strengthening her body and extending her muscles beyond their previous capabilities. She hiked at least once a month, often swam laps in the YMCA, and took karate until she was a teenager. Jessie was proud of her body and it's physical aptitude, the work she'd put into it. Then why was it so hard to keep running now? The Tower The moment Jessie saw it, hope arose in her heart, catching her breath. There could be radios or even phones, some way of reaching the outside world, calling for help. There could be first aid, food, water, flashlights…at the very least, the tower could provide shelter, a place to spend the night. And maybe the mountain men wouldn't think to look there. The tower was their first piece of luck, of a possibility of escape. The tower could be their salvation. Until the torches arrived, and the smoke announced the flames' ascension. Then the tower became their doom. The Jump Jessie had always been something of a thrill-seeker. Driving fast, running hard, working herself to the max revved her up, made her feel alive. At amusement parks she rode the wildest roller coasters, she only played the most action-oriented video games, and it had always been one of her dreams to go hang-gliding. Windsurfing, body art, bungee jumping- been there, done that. But leaping out twenty feet from a burning building 200 feet in the air into the darkness, blindly grasping for a branch to break her fall with murderous men beneath…that was too much adrenaline for her. The Ax She saw it coming, but not fast enough to warn her, not fast enough to scream…not fast enough to save her. Two seconds and an ax slammed into her best friend's mouth, pinning her to the tree...separate from her body. Chris's hand clamped over her mouth, his arms tightly around her, holding her together, lending her control, support. Jessie trembled, struggling not to cry, suppressing screams. Leaning back into the tree trunk, they were silent, still, praying not to be detected as their harsh breathing and rapid heartbeats seemed to echo loudly. Jessie had failed to protect her. An act of daring There was a lot that could go wrong, if she did this. She could slip, of course, and fall, fifty feet below. She could hit her head, break her leg- or even worse, leave herself open to the mountain men's attacks. She could move too slowly and draw their arrows to her back, their axes into her torso. Chris could fall…Chris could miss, or knock her off the branch accidentally instead. But it was the best shot they had, maybe the only shot they had. As Jessie called out, exposed, her voice raw and cracking, she was ready. Under the waterfall It was shelter for the night, their noise and thickness of the falls shielding their presence. It provided water, a place to rest, to recoop. A place to allow herself time to break. Her head against Chris's shoulder, Jessie let herself sink against him, to let the tightness of her chest uncoil as sobs shuddered through her and tears began. Chris held her close with no words, dirty hands gently stroking through the tangles of her hair. Here she felt safe to relax her guard, to allow herself space to feel. She wept, releasing pain, as night became day. Caught Seeing the road, hope rose again, and they started to run, eager smiles lighting their features. So close…so… But then they were there, weapons in hands…seizing Jessie with savage cries, ripping her from his reach, her screams echoed through the forest grounds. They'd hurt her, they'd kill her, they'd chop her to pieces, store her organs in jars, cackling away…they'd hurt her while she was still alive, giving her as much suffering and fear as possible, enjoying her anguish. No. Chris wouldn't allow it. He would save her, whatever he had to do, he'd free her. On the bed The gag in her mouth was filthy with a sour taste; Jessie swallowed bile, terrified she would choke. Her head throbbed, bleeding from the earlier blow, and her eyes darted wildly as she attempted to pull her wrists and ankles free from the wire restraints, only succeeding in chafing her wrists. Through the gag she pleaded; her captors ignored her, finishing their dismemberment, before coming towards her. Jessie prided herself on her strength, both emotional and physical. She was no victim, no damsel in distress. But as the deformed figure held the knife to her throat, she could only sob. Saving the day Jessie had never seen anything so beautiful as the sight of the old truck smashing through the cabin's exterior, the bright flames beginning to lap at its sides, and most of all, the set face of Chris as he plowed through, intent upon the rescue. Even when his shots missed, even when their foes gave back more than was Chris was dishing out, even when they wouldn't die and it was Jessie, with a primal scream, who delivered the last killing blow, to her, Chris was the epitome of a hero. After all, he had at least untied her. The ride home The roads were rough, jolting their bruised, battered, and bloodied bodies painfully with each bump, but they were too weary to care, to feel anything but numbed relief. Jessie drove, compulsively checking the mirrors, fearful of any car that might come behind her. Chris leaned against the door in silence; for both, 20 minutes passed before their pulses lowered. It was strange for Chris to think that missing a meeting had once been his biggest worry. For Jessie, being dumped seemed comparable to a mosquito bite. Both were grateful for their lives, but numb to all emotion but exhaustion. In town When the police were notified, statements were given, and contacts for both Chris and Jessie had been called, a trip to the emergency room resulted in treatment of Chris's arrow wound and examinations of both. Both were found to be bruised, battered, dehydrated, and profoundly exhausted, but stable. Both, the doctors and nurses noted, refused to leave the other's side during exams or even to relinquish physical contact. They still hardly knew each other, but they had survived a war, and that was enough to forge a strong bond. They rented one room at the motel. Things were just understood. After It's the nights that are hardest. Jessie wakes screaming from nightmares, cold with fear, sweat drenching her shirt as she struggles against invisible foes. After she weeps, the faces of her friends strongly in her mind's view. Chris wraps her in his arms and strokes her, not speaking; there is little he can do for comfort but be there. Only he can understand the guilt gripping her heart, the pain, and most of all, the fear that one day she will open her eyes to a deformed face leaning over her, giggling and grinning just before the ax descends. The end ","Summary":" In the moment- drabbles of moments from Wrong Turn Author notes: I do not own these characters. Eac"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Wrong Turn?","Author":"Goth Albino Angel","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7606124","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ok, this is my take on how Wrong Turn could have happened if I was director. Mind you, I was afraid of this movie for years had the same nightmares for forever, until of course, my recently developed taste in blood, gore and horror movies. I think It's because I saw that Twilight had made vampires look soft and I needed more bloodshed. So, Wrong Turn should have turned out a bit different in my opinion. Check it Out for me. Anyway, I don't own Wrong Turn. I neither know nor care who does, but I do wish to congratulate them on making a very good horror film. Jessie sat on her bed crying. It was the middle of her senior year of college and her boyfriend Jared had just broken up with her. Holding her head in her hands to cover her face, Jessie cried, thinking back on their relationship and wondering what could have gone wrong. As Jessie was crying, she failed to notice her bedroom door slowly opening and a Hispanic/French face peeking in carefully. Slipping into the room, the girl shut the door quietly and sat down on the bed next to the crying girl. Jessie looked up as she felt the pressure on the bed increase and smiled to see her best friend Carly sitting beside her with a sympathetic smile. \"Hey Carls,\" Jessie sniffed. \"I guess you heard, huh?\" \"Well, I heard you crying if that's what you mean.\" Carly responded, putting an arm around Jessie's shoulders. \"No, Jared broke up with me.\" Jessie said, tears continuing to fall. Carly cooed to her gently and Jessie sniffed, welcoming the comfort of her best friend. \"Well, senior year is almost over, Jess.\" Carly told her slowly. \"Scott and I were planning our end of the year trip, like we do every summer. Do you want to come with us?\" Jessie looked up. \"I don't want to impose…\" she said uncertainly. \"Don't worry about that. Evan and Francine are coming too. Besides, it will be a nice trip in West Virginia, so you can forget all about this now faceless, nameless boy. Are you in for it?\" Jessie looked into Carly's concerned brown eyes and decided to take the offer. \"Yeah, I'll come.\" Carly smiled happily and hugged Jessie. \"You'll love it, just wait.\" Jessie smiled up at the tanned girl and chuckled. \"Ok, Carls, whatever you say.\" They were driving through the forests of West Virginia and Jessie was driving. Carly was in the passenger seat, singing along with the radio with Scott in the seat behind her and Francine and Evan in the very back, making out. Carly looked back at the two and scoffed in slight disgust. \"No modesty, at all.\" She muttered, to which Jessie chuckled in agreement. Carly looked over at her happily and turned the radio up to drown out Francine's moans. As Jessie was driving, she thought of the possibilities this trip could open for her. She might be able to find a new boyfriend, one that would be loving and gentle and-. Jessie swerved in the street as a tire seemingly went flat out of nowhere. The car swerved for a bit before coming to a rest in the middle of the road. Jessie gave a sigh of relief that she hadn't crashed them into a tree and gotten someone hurt. \"Everyone ok?\" she called as she opened her door and stepped out to check the tires. Someone had put barbed wire in the road. As the others got out to check the tires, curiosity had Jessie following the wire before a crash brought her back to the others. A man was getting out of a blue car that had evidently just crashed into theirs. She got fired up at the fact that he had crashed into a car he probably couldn't pay for, but the look of concern Carly was giving him made her even angrier. Why? She wasn't Carly's girlfriend or anything. Jessie shrugged this feeling off as she, Scott, Carly and the man named Chris began walking along the path to see if they could find anyone. Jessie looked at the shack in apprehension. Something about it wasn't sitting right in her gut and she usually followed her gut. But the man, Chris, seemed to think that going inside was their only option. Jessie felt some protectiveness over her best friend when she saw Carly willingly follow Chris into the shack in the hopes of finding a bathroom. Jessie quickly hurried after her and wondered why she felt this way for her best friend. \"Probably because these woods creep me out.\" Jessie mused, looking around the cabin skeptically. Fingering the different trinkets scattered in this room, Jessie felt a kind of dread fill her stomach and she just wanted to get Carly and get out. Jessie froze up. Just Carly? That's what she'd thought. She just wanted to get Carly and get the fuck out of there, to hell with Scott and Chris. Moving back into the main house, Jessie heard them calling for her. She was just about to bring up leaving when she saw the terrified look on Carly's face. Just as Jessie was moving to comfort the other brunette, everyone heard trucks outside. Freezing for a second, Jessie looked to Carly in terror. Then, her mind kicking back in, Jessie began helping the others with the wall, only to find that it wouldn't budge. They were stuck. Jessie's heart was going wild. Carly could be getting exposed; who's to say the mountain men wouldn't check the room she and Scott were hiding in. As Jessie's breathing finally began to slowly calm down so that she wasn't hyperventilating, something heavy dropped down in front of the bed. Jessie nearly screamed at seeing Francine's body lying covered in blood before them. Fran's eyes were still wide with horror and the blood dripping towards her and Chris was still fresh. Jessie bit into her hand to stop from crying out as a vision of Carly in this same state penetrated her mind and made tears fall from her eyes. When they were certain the mountain man was finally asleep, Jessie quickly got from under the bed and checked Carly over for injuries, just in case. The Hispanic girl looked fine, albeit the tears still streaming silently down her cheeks. Jessie ushered them all out the door as quickly as she could and looked to Chris. He nodded for her to go through and she nodded. Moving out, Jessie looked around. \"Where'd they go?\" she asked softly, looking off to the right. Carly and Scott were trying to climb the slope on the side of the house. Suddenly she heard, \"Run! Go! Run!\" Looking back, she saw Chris sprinting up after them. Jessie began pushing against Scott. \"Run! He said Run!\" Scott was going too slowly for Jessie's liking, but they finally managed to get onto leveled ground. Watching the jeep drive away, Jessie felt safe for a moment. As they began walking she pulled Carly close. \"You okay?\" she asked softly. \"They had body parts in their bathtub.\" Carly cried quietly. Jessie squeezed her shoulder gently as they continued running. Jessie moved forward so she was next to Chris. \"There has to be a way out of here.\" She muttered. Suddenly, she heard Carly begin sobbing behind her and they all stopped as she slowed down. \"Please, we have to go.\" \"You didn't see what they did to Francine!\" Carly shouted. \"You didn't see what we saw!\" When it seemed that Scott wasn't getting anywhere with the hysterical young woman, Jessie moved forward and tried. \"You have to come on, Carly. You have to keep moving or they'll get you. Can you do that? Can you keep moving?\" Carly slowly nodded and got up to keep running with the rest. This time, Jessie stayed close to her just in case. The four of them emerged into an open clearing with a lot of cars scattered around. There was blood on the cars, in the cars, around the cars. It looked like a massacre had occurred and Jessie felt her stomach churn. \"All these people!\" Scott breathed in horror. \"All these people!\" Jessie turned in time to see him wrapping Carly in a hug and felt a spark of jealousy that it wasn't her. Suddenly, she heard the jeep's engine and heard Chris hiss to get down. She quickly ran over to Carly and Scott and told them to get down. They hid in the tall grass and Jessie felt Carly's breasts press into her from behind. Focusing her breathing, Jessie helped Chris and Scott form a plan. As Chris took off running, Jessie watched the mountain men closely. Only two of them headed after Chris, the other two stayed behind. \"They aren't going after just one.\" she whispered to Scott. He nodded and got ready to run. Carly held him back in fear and he told her to get to the truck, get on the road and that he would meet them on the road. With that, he sprinted out and started yelling for the men to come after him. They took the bait and Jessie and Carly raced over to help Chris. The three of them took off in the jeep and began looking for Scott. Jessie had a bad feeling in her stomach and couldn't tell if it was jealousy or dread. As they were moving through the trees, Carly told her to slow down because she had spotted Scott and Jessie chalked the feeling up to jealousy, but a moment later, she found that it was dread because Scott fell to the ground with three arrows piercing his heart. \"Drive, drive, drive!\" Chris' screams swept the horror fog from Jessie's mind and she gunned the truck. Leaving behind the man trying to follow them. The truck was stuck in the mud. The truck was stuck in the FUCKING mud. \"This is bullshit!\" Jessie hissed to herself before getting out with the others and moving through the trees. After a few hours, Carly sat down to rest for a moment and Jessie agreed that they had to rest, not only for herself, but for Chris too. Looking through the bushes, Jessie spotted a tall standing structure. \"Hey wait. Just a few more yards, guys. There's a watchtower over here. Come on.\" Supporting Chris between them, Jessie and Carly arrived at the tall tower and began climbing up. When they got inside, Carly found some glow sticks for them and Jessie got a good look at her. The lighter brunette's breath caught when she saw how beautiful Carly looked with her hair down and kind of messy. They sat in silence for a bit as Jessie tried to signal someone on the radio, but she received no answer. She saw Carly standing by the window and walked over, feeling compelled to comfort the younger girl. Carly was extremely emotional and she had just lost her fiancé. \"Come on, let's get out of the window before they see us.\" Jessie moved further into the tower and after a moment, Carly joined her. The three survivors stayed huddled for awhile until they heard their pursuers getting closer. Jessie quickly commanded for the glow-sticks to be put out and they huddled together for a moment. Jessie breathed a sigh of relief as she saw the men moving away from the tower. But then, how her heart sank as the radio went off loudly, asking them their position. They had forgotten to turn the DAMN volume down on the thing. As Carly screamed frantically for help, Jessie helped Chris block the entrance. As suddenly as it had come, the force underneath the trapdoor vanished and Jessie gave a sigh of relief… until the radio was disconnected. As Jessie held Carly close for a second, Chris strode over o the window and saw that there was smoke and flames rising around the tower. \"They're trying to burn us out.\" He whispered. \"No!\" Carly screamed making a run for the window. \"What are you doing?\" Jessie asked, holding her tightly. \"I don't want to die!\" Carly cried, tears streaming down her face. \"I'm gonna jump!\" Chris looked out the window again and agreed. Jessie thought they were both crazy, but she had to admit that it was better than burning to death. They made Chris go first since he was injured… and he was a guy. When he gave the all-clear, Jessie urged Carly to jump. The Hispanic girl turned to her with worried eyes. \"I'll be fine, just go.\" Jessie persisted. Carly nodded, gave her a tight squeeze for courage and jumped. Jessie watched with bate breath as she watched her best friend fall. When she was sure that Carly was safe, Jessie looked back at the flames, took a breath and jumped. The feeling was exhilarating, but she had miscalculated where she would fall. Landing legs, then stomach and finally face first onto a thick tree branch and getting the wind knocked out of her, Jessie sat for a moment to catch her breath before looking around for the others. They were in a tree not too far away. Jessie motioned for them to come over with her. Chris nodded and motioned for Carly to go first. As Carly was climbing over, Jessie spotted a figure climbing quickly up a tree not too far away and hoped that they could all make it across in time. As Carly was just disappearing behind the brush of the tree on the branch right above where Jessie was squatting, Jessie saw Chris begin making his way over. Jessie climbed up to where Carly was because she knew what was about to happen and she couldn't have the other girl giving away their position. Jessie held Carly tight and the other girl looked up at her. Jessie watched Chris begin climbing over and saw the disfigured man behind him, creeping quietly, but stealthily closer. Carly turned to look at what Jessie was seeing and she gasped. Jessie's hand came down over her mouth as the figure behind Chris raised and ax and swung. Chris turned just as the ax was coming down and it caught him right below his jaw. Carly's mouth opened to scream, but Jessie held firm and Carly bit down on her hand to keep from crying. Jessie felt the pain, but didn't dare pull her hand away. Chris was gone. She had to be strong for Carly now. She had to protect her. They hadn't stayed to find out what the man had done with Chris's body. Jessie had guided the sobbing Carly as far away as possible. They had found a riverbank where Carly could wash her face while Jessie kept watch. While looking off into the trees, Jessie heard the sounds of rushing water not too far off. Looking through the bushes, she spotted a waterfall a little ways up the rocks and motioned for Carly to follow her. The two girls hastily climbed the rocks and found a cavern for them to rest in. Carly curled into a ball and let silent tears run down her face as Jessie hesitantly wrapped her in a hug. \"They're gone.\" Carly whimpered. \"They're all gone.\" Jessie gave her a soft squeeze and shushed her quietly. \"Carls, it's going to be ok, alright? What we have to do is get out of here and do what Scott promised: get out and never go into the woods again.\" Carly looked up at her pleadingly. \"But what if we're caught?\" \"Then we'll be caught together and we'll get out together. I promise I won't let them kill you and if they do then I'll be following right behind you. Ok?\" Carly sniffed and nodded, burrowing into Jessie's torso and slowly falling asleep. The next morning, Jessie slowly led Carly out from the cavern and the two began walking once more. They did their best to stay as low as possible so that the men couldn't see them right away. Jessie led Carly first just in case the men came from behind or from the sides. They stumbled out onto a steep hill and Carly squealed in excitement. \"Jess, there's a road down there!\" \"Really?\" Jessie asked in shock. She moved up to stand next to Carly and sure enough, a road colored a path through the forest. \"We're almost out, Carls.\" Jessie hissed excitedly. \"We're almost free.\" Just as they were about to start climbing down, malicious laughter came from all sides and the mountain men appeared behind them. One of them grabbed Carly and began dragging her away. Two others came against Jessie and she swiftly dodged both an arrow and an ax. Acting quickly, Jessie grabbed a large tree branch and swung it at the one holding the bow and arrows. She cracked his skull open with a sickening crunch and he fell to the ground. The one holding the ax swung it again and Jessie had to duck low to avoid it. She swung the branch at the man's legs and made him crumple to the ground. She knew he would be back up within minutes and so she quickly raced off into the woods, following Carly's terrified screams. Don't lose her. Jessie chanted to herself. Don't lose her. You promised. You PROMISED. Running as fast as she could, Jessie heard someone lumbering after her and knew that 'Axman' had gotten back up and was hot on her trail. Jessie decided not to think about that and instead continued concentrating on her promise to Carly. Despite her lack of knowledge of the area, Jessie managed to dodge and duck under and around trees and low hanging branches with extreme ease. As she neared the cottage, she ducked down low to run faster and a little out of sight. Arriving at the shack's window, Jessie risked a peek inside. Carly was tied to a bed and hysterical sobs were racking her body as one of the men held a knife to first her chest and then her throat. Jessie's stomach churned and she desperately tried to think of a way to save Carly. Just then, she heard a car coming her way and ducked behind one of the abandoned cars in the grass. Watching from behind a small cooper, Jessie saw a police cruiser drive into the lot and saw a fat policeman being dragged into the house by the axman. Jessie waited for a moment before slipping inside as quietly as possible. Remembering the place from the previous time they were in there, Jessie dropped and hurriedly rolled under the bed. She felt something stab at her back and turned to see a kind of machete poking her. Grabbing onto it, she looked out from where she was and saw both of the men working at tables. Carly's petrified sobs still echoed in the room and Jessie took a breath to gather all of her bravery together. Do it for Carly. Jessie coiled her body and sprang from underneath the bed, nailing one of the men (the man standing over the police officer) in the chest. He screamed and Jessie pulled back to stab him again in the head. He dropped to the ground and Jessie ducked to avoid a blade that came whooshing at the back of her head. Turning as she crouched, Jessie sliced at the man's midsection and caught his shirt, causing a small scratch on his stomach area. He growled at her and picked up his comrade's ax. As Jessie feinted to the left, the man took the bait and swung, leaving his right side open for Jessie to give him another, deeper cut. The man grunted in anger and swung the ax again, catching Jessie in the arm. The ax didn't slice her arm off, but a good chunk of skin was torn away. Jessie gritted her teeth against the pain and lunged with the machete. In her anger and agony, she had miscalculated and instead of going through the man's heart, the machete slid into his stomach instead. This forced the man back and he began grunting in slight pain as Jessie moved over to Carly. Casting frequent glances over her shoulder, Jessie cut away at the wire holding Carly. Just as she had both of Carly's wrists untied, Jessie heard a lumbering sound. Ducking fast, she twirled on her heel and swung the machete, cutting even deeper into the man's stomach. Not missing a beat, she stabbed at him again, spearing him in the chest before pulling back and lunging once more. The man was expecting this and swung his ax up to meet her blade. His strength outmatched hers, but Jessie drew on her thoughts. Save Carly or die trying. With that, Jessie's eyes burned with fire and she shoved his ax away before making three quick swipes and cutting off his head. Jessie stood there panting for a moment before turning to Carly. She slowly moved over to the girl and cut away at the barbed wire still holding her legs. Carly clung to Jessie as the older girl helped her off the table. \"Are you alright?\" Jessie demanded, checking the Hispanic girl over. \"Let's get out of these woods.\" Carly whimpered. Jessie guided her to the truck and they began to drive away. As they drove down the road, the realization of what she'd just done pounded down on Jessie. \"I can't believe I just did that.\" She whispered. \"I just killed people.\" \"They deserved it for all the people they killed.\" Jessie looked over to see Carly's eyes harden before softening again. \"Thank you for saving me.\" The Hispanic girl murmured. \"I promised I would protect you.\" Jessie replied softly. \"I always keep my promises.\" Carly nodded and turned Jessie to face her. Planting a soft kiss to the older girl's lips, Carly murmured, \"And I love you for it.\" Jessie smiled as they headed out of the woods and toward the speedway, melding into traffic. \"Carls?\" Jessie asked. \"Hum?\" Carly was half-asleep by this time. \"Let's become vegetarians and move out to Maryland.\" \"Couldn't have thought of a better idea myself, Jess.\" Tada! I know, I know, the real thing was better, but Carly was my favorite character and I don't think she deserved to die. So review and tell me what you think of it. ","Summary":" Ok, this is my take on how Wrong Turn could have happened if I was director. Mind you, I was afraid"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"We'll Always Be Freaks","Author":"nomadicharmony","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11684229","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Notes: Do you ever just feel the need to write fic about a movie? Even though the story is complete on its own? Just because there's only one other fic for it in the archive and you feel like you have to write one just because you can? That's me right now. ❤️ Enjoy! You total slut. You've got a crush on him. You're defending him. You love him. You wanna have, like, ten thousand of his babies. That was something like eleven years ago now, wasn't it? How time had flown. \"Does that make you one in ten thousand, little dude?\" she asked her round stomach, stroking it gently. \"What?\" Ricky asked from where he sat. \"Nothing. Talking to Skylar,\" she answered. He smiled at that, and when she walked past him to grab her book off the coffee table, he caught her and pulled her into his lap to kiss her tummy. \"Hi, Skylar,\" he said to her softly ballooned form. \"Dad has to go to work in a minute, go make a music video. I love you, okay?\" He pulled Jane's face down to give her a kiss, and she laughed. \"Stop being so sentimental, you're grossing me out.\" \"It's gonna be a long shoot today; I want to gross you out as much as I can before I go.\" He smooched her cheek three more times, and there was no suppressing the smile that spread across her face. \"Who are you filming today?\" \"That obnoxious new pop star. Esther Bones. She's going to have twenty back-up dancers, God knows how many extras...she and her manager are opinionated to say the least.\" \"You know, I'd like for you to be able to come home before the baby is born,\" she teased, brushing the top part of his thick brow down-his afternoon nap had caused it to stick at a strange angle. \"I hope I will. We've got a week set aside for the shoot, so hopefully they won't want too much from us on the first day.\" He got up, slung his bag across his shoulder, and kissed her one last time, his big hands cradling her round face. \"When Mom wakes up, tell her I might be out late, I'll call her at lunch. Write a lot, okay? I want something good to read when I come home, and I'm sure your agent does, too. \" \"If you come home,\" she teased. He shot a face at her as he shut the door behind him and she smiled to herself, or to the baby, pulling her cardigan closed. She deliberated for a moment on whether to stay here and write or treat herself to some tea at the cute quiet coffeeshop she'd found a few blocks away. She told herself to go to the bedroom and grab her laptop, start trying to decide what to do with the rest of the day, but she found herself sitting on the couch, staring into space, remembering. That happened often these days. She and Ricky had gotten the hell out of dodge that night, only going back to his house to collect his camera, some clothes, and the most important of his tapes. Barbara had urged him to take her old car, and Ricky had tried to resist her. \" No, Mom. It's your car. I'll buy us one when we get there.\" \" Honey, take it. I'm too anxious to drive it, and I don't want you two waiting at the bus stop in this rain.\" Jane had only met Barbara once or twice at that point in her life, but it was still more words at once than she had ever heard her say. There had been tears threatening to escape his eyes as he kissed his mom's cheek one last time. \" I love you, Mom. I'll call when I can, okay?\" \" I love you too, son.\" She had looked at Jane, smiled warmly, and said, \"I know you'll be good to him,\" before helping them pack the car, making them snack bags, and standing in the garage to watch them drive off. After getting settled in a nice enough two-bedroom apartment, they started calling her every week. Ricky would talk first, and for a longer amount of time, but Jane would ask to talk when he was done, and she would stay on the phone for about twenty minutes. Barbara would ask about how her job at a cute local coffeeshop was going, and Jane would just kind of tell her about all the strange customers she had seen throughout the week. It was Barbara who had said one day, after they had been gone a couple months, \"You're so good at telling stories, Jane. Have you ever thought about writing books?\" She honestly had, but it seemed so unlikely that she'd never considered it a possibility. She'd finished a novel the summer between middle and high school in her journals, and brought it with her on a whim, but she hadn't done so much as edit it since then. After getting off the phone with her, Jane had told Ricky, and he had given her that smile, the one that meant wheels were turning in his mind. \" You should try it.\" \" Are you crazy?\" \" Maybe. But we're in New York, Jane. Why can't we at least try?\" \" We?\" \" I'll try and start shooting movies, and you'll try writing, and if we succeed, we succeed. If not, I still make enough money off pot to support us, and we can say we tried.\" She had to admit, Ricky had a point. He bought her a computer, and when she wasn't working, she typed up all 200 pages of her handwritten novel, proofing as she went, often on the phone with Barbara as she wrote, reading her passages she wasn't sure about and getting her feedback. One day, she called her \"Mom\" by mistake, but Barbara didn't say anything about it. Jane figured she understood. Speaking of her mother, it was her new mom who told her how Carolyn Burnham made an ass of herself over Buddy Kane after her dad's death, publicly begging him to take her back and getting utterly snubbed. It was her new mom who told her, hesitantly, that Carolyn had shot herself, just six months after the death of her husband, and who had done her best to soothe her as she sobbed. It was her new mom who called, crying, a year after the move, to say that Ricky's father had been arrested for the murder of Lester Burnham. And it was Jane who turned to Ricky and insisted that she move in with them. Immediately, Ricky sent her a money order to pay for a plane ticket- his career as a videographer had already taken off by this point, leaving them very financially comfortable. (He hadn't stopped selling pot yet because he was stubborn, and had told her that he wouldn't stop dealing until Jane submitted her manuscript to a publisher.) They moved her into the guest room, got her a subway pass and they showed her around the city- anxiety made long trips hard, but they were close enough to Central Park for her to be able to enjoy walks there. When Jane finally submitted a draft of her book, it was almost instantly accepted. Ricky gave up selling pot, as Jane Fitts became a best-selling author. Her fear was becoming a one-hit wonder, but her next two books made the list as well. Ricky gave up dealing forever- but not smoking, and who could blame him? Being a successful independent filmmaker and music video director was at times a very stressful job. Mom became healthier, happier, and with the money that the younger Fitts were making, they were able to get her appointments with one of the most elite counselors in the city. She still had her low days, but Jane was proud to see how much happier she was now. There were a couple of hard days for the family, such as the day that Colonel Fitts killed himself in prison, and the day, almost a year later, Jane read online that the model, Angela Hayes, had been caught in a sex scandal with a California politician and committed suicide out of shame. But other than that, the past ten years had been charmed, and now, Mom would get to be a grandma, Ricky a father, and Jane a mom. She worried she'd be a bad parent, but she knew that if she let the beauty in the world guide her, everything would be fine. She was too tired to write that day. She was six months pregnant, for God's sake. Her agent could deal. She went back to Barbara's room and knocked gently. \"Mom? You awake?\" \"Come in,\" she mumbled in a bleary voice. Jane opened the door quietly, and Barbara was sitting on the bed in her nightgown, rubbing her eyes to try and wake herself up. \"Hi, Mom. I'm writer's blocked this morning, I was thinking you and I could go and get some coffee and take a walk at the park today. You want to?\" She smiled, and Jane could see the excitement in her face. These small outings were her favorite things. \"That sounds great, honey.\" \"Okay. I'll go get my jacket and give you some time to get dressed.\" Jane closed the door gently, settled into a large, warm coat, and waited a few minutes until Barbara came out in her winter clothes. She wasn't used to the New York cold, and age had made her thinner, so she was fully decked out in a large sweater, a two-button coat, thick sweatpants, two scarves and a knit hat with earflaps over her braided hair. She looked so cute, so ready for whatever the world outside held. They left the apartment, arms linked and bracing themselves for the cold, ready for the comforting warmth of coffee at their favorite little place across from the Park. The plastic bag blowing in the light wind on their street as they began to walk must have been a good omen. ","Summary":" Notes: Do you ever just feel the need to write fic about a movie? Even though the story is complete"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Untitled 2","Author":"Brian Edward Brian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2717269","Passage":"[Chapter 1] S was the sound that echoed in the gallery. The well-heeled guests with modern haircuts talked sidelong to each other while they studied the photographs. Moving between the company, quickly at times, was the artist—dressed in obligatory black denim jeans and Converse All-Stars. The unkempt quality of his dyed hair was as intentional as the stubble on his face. When he spoke, the gallery sounded with familiar keywords. I feel like Hockney understood this when he did Pearlblossom Highway. He was just trying to make the next logical step from Portrait of an Artist—of course he needed the 670 Polaroid to do it. Anna Beth watched as her much older boyfriend, Castro, punctuated his sentences with expressive hand gestures. Leaning against the far wall next to the wine table with her hands behind her back, she picked at the fractured white paint coating the hammer-board walls. Little flakes accumulated at the heels of her wing-tipped Doc Martens. I think my pictures expand on Hockney's cubism—and Dadaism, come to think of it. And I've tried to be more compassionate than Dada, too. The couple talking to Castro moved on to the wall with the nude portraits. The husband held his wine with crossed arms as Castro continued. For these, I had to use color film. I mean, for me, the intimacy of the pictures depends on the audience seeing all of her red hair. Anna Beth looked around before she reached over for a glass of wine. The taste was adult and rich on her tongue. She held the glass at her navel for a moment before bringing it back to her lips for a more determined gulp. Dressed in a plaid cotton skirt, pale-green tights, and a clean white blouse she wondered if the couple would recognize her. Her hair was braided in a tight tail with simple pins to hold her bangs back. Castro ducked his head sheepishly when he raised his arm to wave. The couple turned around to look at her. Anna Beth averted her eyes and held her wine behind her as she waited for the moment to pass. On the other side of the gallery a couple was feeling the blond wood of a picture frame. Nobody was going to recognize Anna Beth for the framing work she had done. With a second glance towards Castro she noticed that the wife was still looking at her. The woman wore tiny black spectacles that concentrated her stare. She raised her glass to Anna Beth as Castro's animated hands gestured to the husband. The gallery owner approached the wine table with an aluminum dish and a wooden serving spoon. Anna Beth slid her empty glass into the group of other empty glasses, hoping to go unnoticed. Barry smiled as he plunged the spoon into the casserole. I won't let people bring cheese to these things, not anymore. I can't stand the thought of wine and cheese in an art gallery. Anna Beth produced a quick little smile before she went back to picking at the flakes of paint. Barry pulled a plastic cup from the stack next the coke bottles and dumped a glass of wine into it. He's taking everyone over to that wall, Anna Beth remarked. Barry shook the spilled wine from his free hand as he sipped from the plastic cup. Ya, he's sold three already. Anyway, I see some people over there that I need to talk to. But before I leave, I toast you with this shitty wine. The pleasure of the wine had finally come on. Anna Beth looked around for Castro, expecting him to pop out from behind one of the partitions like a shooting range target. From her purse she pulled out her cell phone to check her messages. Hi honey. When you come home can you remember to bring trash bags, they're really hard to find. Also, can you bring toilet paper? How's the show going? OK, we love you. See you when you get here. Less hesitantly this time, she reached for another glass and poured it into a plastic cup. Dopishly grinning, Castro appeared and strided over to the wine table. Are people talking? Ya. Cool. I just sold two more to that couple over there. Which ones? The black and white of the snake handler and one of the nudes. Have you seen Barry tonight? Ya, he was just here. That art dealer from Houston that bought my stuff turned around and put it up for auction, so now Barry's trying to buy it all back. I think I need to get going pretty soon, said Anna Beth. I need to buy some things before the stores close. I'm going to leave first thing in the morning. Are you still planning to come down? Ya. For sure. I really want to get some shots. I just need to tie up a few loose ends around here and I'll come down. I promise. Anna Beth turned her cheek to Castro as he bent down to kiss her. The gritty stubble brushed against her skin and was even heard, deep within her ear. In intervals, she sipped from her cup as Castro floated around the crowd. She can't hear the questions being asked. S was the sound of whispers, as well. I think it's important to leave your creativity behind when you go into the darkroom… The Gulf Coast neighborhood looked like Hiroshima. The avenues and drives were clearly defined by the detritus. Insulation clung to splintered lumber like cotton candy. Laughing Gulls perched on the timbers of broken houses surveyed with Hitchcockian calculation as Anna Beth drove down her street. When she opened the door of her sun-kissed Acura the smell of sewage was immediate. Her house had survived—in as much as the broken parts could be rebuilt. Her step-father was on the roof scrubbing the shingles and plywood with a foaming brush. The rope wrapped around his waist was tied off on to an exposed piece of the roof's frame. Hey Beth! What do you think? The place looks good, doesn't it. Annie's inside, I'll be right down. OK. Do you need any help getting down? No, I got it. Reality was the sound of the gas generator that cranked and hissed on the side of the house. Inside, air rushed through the house from the ventilation fans. Anna Beth found her mother vacuuming water—illuminated by two directional work lights. Hey pumpkin! How was the drive? We've almost got all the water out of the house. Don't worry, I've got your room all made up for you. In the morning, the sun came through the broken window and rays streamed through the heavy air of Anna Beth's room. The little jagged triangles of broken glass that remained in the aluminum frame refracted the light. On the sill was a smooth rock shaped like an ostrich egg. After breakfast, Anna Beth returned to her room to change and noticed another rock in the window sill. It was dark and kidney-shaped. Just before dinner, she discovered a piece of black sand-polished glass next to the rocks. At the table, Anna Beth asked, How come I haven't seen any of the neighbors? Some of the houses look OK. Jack said, The McKenzies went out to their ranch and I haven't heard from them. The Bardoles were here day before yesterday. They said they were just going to take the insurance money, so, I guess that's it for them. The Klines stayed here but, I don't know, something must have happened cause I haven't seen them in a couple of days. It's pretty much just us. When's Castro coming? Asked Annie. Probably tomorrow. By the next afternoon, Jack and Anna Beth had moved on to the siding. She was working on the low sections of the house when she noticed a golden retriever coming towards her. Hey Dad, look, it's Cosmo. Cosmo's wet hair exposed his ribs. Anna Beth rubbed his muzzle and noticed the white hairs of his chin. I'm going to see if the Klines are home, OK? Cosmo loped behind Anna Beth, stopping at times to stare. Come on, Coz. Come on boy. The Kline's house faired the best of all. The storm curtains had saved the windows and the corrugated roof was only dinged in places. Their boat had ended up in the side yard, however. A lightning bolt-like fracture had split the hull lengthwise. The sun lit up the berth of the vessel from an opening in the deck. Through the crack in the hull, Anna Beth saw a form pass through the shadows. Mr. Kline, is that you? The rummaging noise stopped briefly. I've got Cosmo here. A pair of eyes appeared in the cracked fiberglass. They seemed too close together to be an adult. Robbie? Is that you Robbie? A kid with sandy hair crawled onto the slanted deck and looked over the starboard rails at Anna Beth. The breeze caught his matted hair during his long stare. He flinched as the tips gently whipped his eyes. Robbie, are you scared? Come here. Remember me, I used to baby sit for you. I'm Anna Beth, remember. Cosmo sat down in the shade of the boat as Robbie jumped off the side. His torso looked like an antique birdcage with a sheet draped over it. The joints of his arms and legs bulged like a camel's. In his hand was a little blue stone. I saw the stones you left on my window, they're really nice. You got them on the shore, right? Where're your parents? Robbie firmly rubbed his thumb over the stone. With his other hand he stroked the back of his neck a few times before throwing his arm towards the house. They're inside? How come the windows are shut? Robbie, are you alone? Can I talk to your parents? Robbie shook his head. Are you shaking your head because you're alone or because I can't talk to your parents? That's not any clearer is it…just tell me if you're OK. Are you OK? He nods. OK. We're right up the street if you need anything. Robbie took the stone and winged it at the boat. The sound startled Anna Beth. As she turned around she saw Cosmo trotting away from the shade. Robbie put his foot into the crack and climbed up onto the deck where he sat, watching the fading sun. A blue stone and a pink piece of glass lined the sill Monday morning. Castro still hadn't shown up. After breakfast, Anna Beth went down to the shore to look for Robbie. On the beach, she saw Cosmo running in and out of the surf. When she got closer she found Robbie breaking the branches off a piece of white driftwood. In the distance, people were fishing off the jetty. I really liked my rocks this morning, Robbie. Is this where you found them? Robbie pointed to Cosmo who was thrusting his chest-deep body through the grey water. Does Cosmo help you find them? The boy smiled and nodded. I bet he digs around and you find the stones. Am I right? How are your parents doing? Do they know you're down here? Looking down the beach, Robbie stared for a minute before raising his finger. Are they down there fishing? Do you want to walk down there with me and talk to them? Robbie shook his head and ran, suddenly, towards the jetty. Cosmo dropped his stick and followed. Anna Beth waited while the barefooted boy charged down the damp sand to the rocky break—his prints dulling and then, invisible. At the end of the jetty, Robbie and Cosmo filled in with the fishermen. On Tuesday morning there was a note below a disc shaped rock on Anna Beth's bedroom window. Pleese help me find some stonnes. It was written on the back of an old Safeway receipt. She noticed that the name on the faded paper was Brandenburg. In the kitchen she heard Castro's declarative voice. When Anna Beth walked into the room Castro leaned over to kiss her cheek, careful to keep the camera slung around his neck from swinging into her. I was just telling Jack about this kid down at the beach. Robbie? What about him? I was taking some pictures of him and he started grunting at me. I thought he was trying to be cute so I kept photographing him. Then he grunted so hard his voice cracked. Then, he threw a fucking rock at me. Why were you following him, Castro! Can't you tell when someone's a mute? Anna Beth ran down to the shore but didn't see him. She found an old musette bag full of little stones and a box of dog biscuits. The collection in her window sill didn't grow for days. Each morning Castro went down to the shore with Anna Beth to look for Robbie. As a gesture of his guilt, he left his camera behind each time. When Castro went home it was because Anna Beth had asked him to. On Friday morning she found a large stone, shaped like a water drop on her sill. Through the new glass window she saw Robbie and Cosmo sitting in the neighbor's yard. The boy looked different in his shirt and shoes. Next to him was a duffle bag. Anna Beth went outside with a glass of orange juice and offered it Robbie. She sat next to him and listened. Listened. S was the sound of unbroken silence—like a static infused in the destroyed landscape. S was the sound of water, lurching and pulling, in bars, against the shore. She ran her hand through the boy's hair trying to bring something back to his sunken eyes and head. She asked herself how she didn't notice the starving boy and his dog. Robbie moved in front of her. He put his hand on her knee. A little cut on his wrist had become necrotic. He opened his palm and reached up as if to cup her breast. Instinctively, Anna Beth knew he would reach for something else, she just couldn't imagine, what? He put his hand, thumb up, below her breast and held it against her ribs. He listened. She realized that the new stone in her window was shaped more like a heart. ","Summary":" S was the sound that echoed in the gallery. The well-heeled guests with modern haircuts talked side"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Strange but Beautiful","Author":"photographwall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7240552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So last night I had an inspiration and came up with this; a fic about American Beauty. Though it wasn't my original intention, the story was strongly influenced by the movie and I thought it would be fatuous to take full credit of it myself. So here I am, posting it. Oh! All the songs in this fic are from Mew, an amazing band which I totally recommend you should listen to (especially the song 156). That's all, enjoy! Strange But Beautiful \" Shut up you fucking bitch!\" They were always fighting. There were screams, a loud crash and shattering glass. I quickly escaped to my room and closed the door. He was outside. I turned on the music, so I wouldn't have to hear anything from downstairs. I brushed my hair. It was dark and long, much like raven's wings or maybe just a black veil draped over my head. The mirror reflected sad eyes of a little girl, hiding behind that veil. The veil had been put on at the very moment of birth, since my family was never a family, but a nest of cruel and uncaring people. I went to the window and eyed the front yard. He was there, I knew it, even though I couldn't see him. Carefully I let the music carry me, lyrics letting me sway to the beat. \" It's hard to make sense Feels as if I'm sensing you through a lens If someone else comes I'll just sit here listening to the drums\" I had closed my eyes. The notes flew through me like a force of pure emotion, so raw and so deep that it almost hurt. I could've stayed like that for a long time but I knew that was not what he expected. I opened my eyes. Then I slowly took off my top, revealing the skin beneath it. There was no need for a show, he didn't want that. I didn't want that. Or at least I thought I didn't. My real wants and needs had blurred with his, making me obey him blindly. Still, he didn't force me to do anything. It was all up to me to make my next move. I took off my bra. When I revealed my breasts, I saw a quick move somewhere in the night. He was there, watching me, I was sure of it now. I swirled a stray of hair around my finger, then let go of it. I traced the line from under my jaw right down to my waistline, feeling the breastbone, the navel and the fabric of my skirt. Then I stopped. \" The world is like you Here time's the charm Like a dog it's breathing They're just as lonely And we all make mistakes once in a while\" There came no sounds from downstairs. I was left alone with my music and my muse, in the darkest hour of the night. I pulled down my skirt. It had been covering two skinny legs, shining white in the gloomy moonlight. The only thing that ruined the beauty was a bruise on my left thigh. My face was emotionless but I knew his wasn't. There was a flaw in his masterpiece; a purple spot disgracing all that was sacred to him, making him furious to whomever had caused it. I knew this but didn't care. Or maybe I did. I took off my underpants. Now there was nothing more left to show, not on the outside, not to strangers at least. I could have put everything back on if I wanted to. I could have closed the curtain, but I didn't. He wasn't a stranger and he appreciated me more than I could ever understand. Therefore I felt no shame in revealing myself every night at the window, though others would find it strange, sick even. I touched my hipbones, feeling them sharp underneath the thin layers of skin. What he found the most fascinating about me were my hipbones. \" As long as we're me and you we should not lose terrain Wild and young, we got seasick on your seven soft sheets\" I searched all over the yard, just to get a glimpse of him. If I could see him, I could be sure that he would be there the following night, too. However, I found nothing. A tear escaped from my eye. It was because of him that I was crying, because of him that I felt pain. He had always been there for me. When there was no one to comfort me, I could always find him. My sculptor, my artist, my muse of forbidden feelings. But now he was gone. When I turned to leave the window, I noticed something. He was standing underneath, looking up, holding a video camera in his hand. He didn't smile, just admired me in peace. Immediately I could breathe again. I opened the window, hair flying with the wind, a cold shiver shaking my body a little. \"Come\", was the only word he said. I grabbed my morning gown from the chair and lifted myself over the sill. Then I carefully descended the fire ladder and jumped on the grass. He took a hold of my hand. His eyes were locked on mine as he walked me further away from the house, on the path that lead to the road. His other hand held the camera which recorded our escape, admiring my form as he admired me. I wasn't scared at all. The night air had become gentle and I didn't feel cold anymore, not with him. \" I know you And I know it won't take you long To make me smile Farah, angelic girl I'll have you know It's you and me potentially\" When we had walked a while in silence, he stopped. There was an old car beside the road, appearing to be abandoned. With only one glance I understood what he wanted to do. We got in the car, closed the doors and I watched as he started the engine, all the while his face remained unreadable. The video camera was still recording. We drove through the night, listening to radio and enjoying the atmosphere. It was not quite like I had imagined it would be, but never the less it was exactly how I wanted it to be. I had had many dreams about him, all fragile and soon forgotten. But this, oh, this was something I would remember. While I tried to decide between dreams and reality, I concluded this was the latter. In my world the truth was only what I yearned it to be. \"Is this real?\" I asked, still, wanting to be sure. He looked at me. \"Do you know where we are going?\" he spoke, with an ordinary voice. I nodded. \"And do you know who I am? Why I am here?\" I nodded again. \"Then you also know the answer.\" He stopped the car in the middle of the road and turned to kiss me. I didn't flinch, I didn't move, I just remained still. He wasn't disappointed; clearly he had seen this to come. \"You are as beautiful as a raven; wrong in all the ways but still the only right for my eyes.\" \"And you are not a dream, because if you are, then I am one too.\" He scrutinised me for a long time. After that fell the silence. For the first time ever he smiled at me, then looked away and the moment passed. I closed my eyes and drifted off to sleep. \" It is sweet outside Where it seems magical And if nothing works We'll do nothing Save yourself tonight Asleep in the dark I hope we're on time\" ","Summary":" A/N: So last night I had an inspiration and came up with this; a fic about American Beauty. Though "},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"The View From Afar","Author":"TayTay4936","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10664419","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The air had a bit of a chill and the sky was overcast. It was one of the last few days of summer. Angela Hayes-Jones was on her way to meet her husband for lunch. She had decided to take a shortcut through the park when she heard a woman's happy laugh. Any other time, she would have continued on her way, but she found her breath caught in her throat. She knew that laugh. She hadn't heard it in so long. Jane. She hadn't seen Jane in 12 years. Not since she and menta-… Ricky , she corrected herself, had left for New York. She still remembered that time in her life like it was yesterday. She had heard the gunshot and, alarmed and frightened, stayed in the bathroom for a moment, scared there was a burglar in the house, when she finally ventured out into the kitchen, where she had last seen Lester. She'd never forget that sight as long as she lived. Lester slumped over, blood dripping from his head onto the floor below. Jane and Ricky on their knees before him, he with a look of almost awe on his face as he gently stroked Jane's back, her face conveying shock more than anything else. When she entered the room, tears already gushing out of her eyes, it was Ricky who brought his eyes up to meet hers, never stilling his attempts to comfort Jane. It was as if, for the first time, she could communicate with him without words. And at least for this moment, he wasn't the weird mental boy. He was the person her friend loved, but more than that, he was the one who loved her friend. The silence was broken when Mrs. Burnham came in, gasping in shock before rushing up the stairs. The rest of the night and the following day were a hectic blur. Mrs. Burnham had thrown herself into the funeral arrangements, in an almost robot-esque trance. Angela could tell Jane was struggling with her emotions. Her disgust and confusion over how her dad had been acting lately battling with regret over the fact that they had never reconciled before he died. She eventually pulled Jane aside and told her about the conversation she had had with Lester the night before. She made sure Jane knew that if even for just the last few minutes of his life, she could see he regretted he hadn't patched up his relationship with her and that he was so obviously happy that she and Ricky had found each other. She'd like to think that her words got through to Jane, maybe that they even had convinced her to go to New York, even though she was still highly worried about leaving Jane with the mental boy, but Lester had clearly seen something in him that Angela didn't, so she just hoped Jane would be in good hands. Jane had been struggling with whether she should leave with Ricky or not, but it was clear that for his safety, he had to go, and there was no way she was letting him go without her. Her mother had seemed distraught, but Angela suspected it had more to do with keeping up appearances than genuinely wanting her daughter with her. She thinks Jane saw that too. So, she gave Jane one last hug as she watched her and Ricky leave for New York and she hadn't seen either of them since. A lot had changed since then. She had begun to reexamine her own worth after Lester's death. She actually started thinking about what she wanted to do with her life…something besides just modeling. She eventually decided she wanted to work with teenage girls, girls like she had been, giving them a mentor of sorts. She applied herself in school for the first time in her life and ultimately enrolled in the local community college, where she met the man who would ultimately become her husband. She was now working at a community center, counseling teenage girls while her husband was a teacher. They had made the move to New York after graduation. She hadn't realized how much she needed to get out of that same old neighborhood. Which brought her to the present. As discreetly as she could, she followed the sound of laughter, peeking out from behind a tree once she had located them. Jane and Ricky were sitting on the grass as a little girl, who looked to be about six years old, ran back and forth, bringing them various things she found lying around. As she looked closer, Angela could also see a little boy, maybe three years old, standing just a couple feet away, staring up at the sky with a smile. She watched for a few more minutes, her heart warming at the display before her. While the little girl was off most likely collecting something else, she watched the two adults closely. He still looked at Jane with that intense look in his eyes. She was staring right back, as if this, this moment, was her whole world. He brushed his thumb across her cheek, a smile on his lips, as he leaned in, planting a slow but deep kiss on her lips. He finally pulled back and the look in his eyes made even Angela's heart beat faster. \"I love you,\" he breathed, his tone solemn and reverent. \"I love you so much.\" His whispered words were met with warm and bright eyes. They kissed again as she whispered the words back into his ear. It was when they pulled apart as their daughter brought them something else that she decided to make her presence known. Taking a breath, she stepped out from behind the tree and walked towards the family, hoping she would be received well. \"Hey, Jane.\" The End Author's Note: So what do you think? This is my first American Beauty fic so I'm a bit nervous. I hope it's okay. Any feedback would be greatly appreciated. I know some people aren't fans of the Jane character, but I thought all 3 of these characters deserved some happiness. I'm thinking of maybe doing one more chapter but not sure. Let me know. Thanks so much for reading! ","Summary":" The air had a bit of a chill and the sky was overcast. It was one of the last few days of summer. A"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"This rose tints my world","Author":"Pokejedservo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/285010","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was kinda great when it all began Though I was a never a \"Artsy\" fan. But it was almost over when they had to plan To start overworking on that hyping plan. Now the best thing that gives this film hope Is its love of the visual This rose tints my world & keeps me safe from my trouble and pain. This film is a bit over a year old. Though can be truly beautiful to behold And somebody should be told That it actually has been smartly controlled Now I dunno if this is a film to trust But it gives an orgasmic rush of lust This rose tints my world & keeps me safe from my trouble and pain. This film can be beyond thee Help me Mommy It is good you'll see Don't take this dream away What's this film do see It'll feel kinda sexy What's come over me I think I'll see it again. Oh you'll feel released Oh bad times just might be deceased Your confidence might be increased Reality of the artsy is here This game has been disbanded Thy mind might be expanded It's a gas that Sammy's landed His lust is so sincere. What ever happened to Kevin Spacey? That ingenious humorous brain As how it reminds in his mind How it is such a good find For many of us want it to be just the same. Give yourself over to this absolute pleasure Swim this warm water though it shows some sins of the flesh This is no erotic nightmare Beyond any measure Though it can be a sensual daydream To treasure forever. Please do just see it. Don't dream it. See it. Don't dream it. See it. Ach, you've got to get out of this \"slap\" before your ignorance saps your wills. You've got to be strong and try to catch it on. Or else your mind, may well snap. And your life will be lived for at least some thri-i-i-i-ills This film can be beyond thee Help me Mo-ommy. God bless this thrilling sheer film. My my my my my my my my my my my my! This film is a wild and an untamed thing. But Ms. Annette was a bit annoying. Get this hit and your mind goes in a zing. Your heart'll thump and your blood will sing. So let this \"party\" and its sounds rock on. Gonna see it till its life has gone. This rose tint my world & keeps me safe from my trouble and pain. ","Summary":" It was kinda great when it all began Though I was a never a \"Artsy\" fan. But it was almost over w"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"My Tear Drop, My Home Chapter 1","Author":"Grey Phantom","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5269337","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chaptern1: In Sri Lanka: Story Details: Anrich- like, beautiful, Sri Lankan, young woman was rushing to a roomnin the hospital, worried about someone. Woman (Roshana, 24):n (walked into a room… Looked at the patienther dad and said):nDaddy? Her Dad (in hisn50's): Roshana… (Coughed)… I need to talk to you about what younhave to do after I die. Roshana: don't saynthat daddy; you're not going to die… Her Dad:n(interrupted her): just let me continue… you're going to bensurprised after you see my will… (Coughed)… I had to write what Inwrote for a reason… (Coughed)… I think that I spoiled you toonmuch with my money and you have to more experiences in your life…nso I had to teach you to be responsible, respect others and mostnimportantly me… (Coughed roughly)… remember honey… I love you. Story Details: (hisnheart pulse stopped and he died). Roshana: (startedncrying a lot and nodding her head from left to right and said):nnooo!... (Put her head on him and cried). Later that Day atnthe lawyer's office: Story Details:nRoshana's father's lawyer reading his will while Roshana isnwaiting nervously. Lawyer: it says herenthat you will inherit every single piece of dust your father gained…nonly if you work as a maid in America for 10 months. Roshana: there mustnbe a mistake; my father would never do that. Lawyer: no, itnliterally says \"Roshana will receive all my money, lots and lovenonly if she goes to America and work as a maid for 10 months\". Roshana: Love? Lawyer: that'snwhat it says. After a Couple ofndays: Story details:nRoshana in a plane and being transferred to America. Roshana:n(remembering the parties and the spoiled life she had). Few hours later: Flight attendant:nEveryone, we arrived to America. Everyone: (got offnthe plane). Roshana: (took herntwo medium-sized bags and called a taxi). After a fewnhours: Story Details:n(While in the cab, Roshana looked at her new neighborhood and saw hernnew house and wished she could go back to Sri Lanka). StorynDetails: The Neighborhood was somewhere in the Suburbs. There were anlot of houses, not a lot of stores, malls, or cafés… in everynhouse the terrain was filled with grass naturally. Most of the housesnwere made of two floors. There was a beach and lots of people werenthere, sunbathing, swimming, eating, making sandcastles… Roshananthought it was something very beautiful because most of Sri Lanka isnfilled with poverty and don't have such places or views. Roshana: (got out ofnthe cab and put down her bags and said): so this is where I work. Story Details: Itnwas a three floor mansion, made of bricks, and it had a beautifulnbackyard. In the backyard, the wind was playing with its friends, thenwillow trees; the leaves were flying like they're hoping to reachnthe sun. There was also a small graveyard at the back; it was wherenthe family seemed to bury its dead relatives. There were also flowersnin the front, right before the front door; most of the flowers werendaisies. Roshana: (rang thendoorbell) Story Details: ThenEnglish butler answered the door. Butler: who are you? Roshana: I'mnsupposed to be working here. Butler: you're thennew maid? Roshana: Yes. Butler:n(gave her a paper and pointed at it and said): these are the housenrules, you have to read every single letter… let me give you a headnstart, follow me (started reciting what's written while shenfollowed him)… first you must at all times wear the uniform… youncan't go out without permission… or make a phone call… you maynchat with the other maids… Roshana:n(interrupted): other maids? Butler: yes… theynare Asian. Roshana: but I don'tnspeak Asian. Butler:nnot my problem… oh and from now on, you're number 5. Roshana:nnumber?...5? Butler:n(stopped walking and pointed at a room and said): this is your room. Roshana: Sir. Butler: yes. Roshana: pleasendon't be hard on me; I'm new at this and I might need some help. Butler: I can'tnhelp… I'm sorry… but the other Sri Lankan maids in thenneighborhood might… you can go visit them in your free time. Roshana: thanks. After a while: Roshana: (changednher clothes and started working). Owner of the mansionn(female, 45): So you're number 5? Roshana: I'm not annumber and I'm not a 5… I'm a 2(as in size). Owner of thenmansion: Hmmm… you're pretty for a Sri Lankan. Roshana: ok, thatnwas an insult for my country. Owner of thenmansion: you still think a lot of your country? Look what I got,nmoney, dignity and men; unlike you; so think about being annAmerican…. Roshana: (crushed innspirit and dignity). Owner of thenmansion: (left). After a While: Roshana: (went tonanother house and knocked on the door) Maid, 32: (answerednthe door and was happy to see a Sri Lankan woman… said in a fastnway): yes… oh my God, are you Sri Lankan… Hi I'm Gittania. Roshana: Oh I'm songlad I met you. Gittania: me too…nwait till I tell Rushpa and Sarogana. Roshana: Who? Gittania: oh… I'mnsorry; let me introduce you to them. After a While: Story Details:nRoshana, Gittania, Sarogana and Rushpa having tea. Sarogana, 39: SonRoshana, tell us a bit about yourself. Rushpa (teenager,nmost likely 18 or 19): yeah, Sarogana and I would love to know morenabout what your life was like before coming to America. Roshana: well, wherendo I start… I was a spoiled girl and I had life filled with partiesnand that kind of junk, you know. Rushpa: wow you werenso lucky; I never went out to a party before. Roshana: you betternhurry life is gonna pass you by so fast you might not even notice it,nby the way how old are you. Sarogana: who wantsnto know? Roshana: I just… Sarogana:n(interrupted): well it's none of your business that's what. Rushpa: don'tnworry Sarogana she's not going to tell anybody… well the truth isnI'm 16! Roshana: but isn'tnit illegal to work… Gittania:n(interrupted): yeah we know. Roshana: how did younmanage to… Rushpa:n(interrupted): my dad was kind a desperate; so he counterfeited mynID. Roshana: I'm sonsorry. Rushpa: but younbetter not tell anyone or my father could end up in jail. Roshana: Inunderstand I had a dad once. Gittania: once? Roshana: he died andnsaid I would only inherit his achievements when I serve in Americanfor 10 months because I was too spoiled… but I can never stopnloving him; after all (started crying softly) he's just my dad…nand I'm just his little girl. After a While atnthe house Rushpa works in : Story Details:nRushpa, Gittania, and Sarogana work in small houses. Rushpa: (enjoyingnher free time by dancing a bit with some music). Owner of the house,n29: (walked in her room): hey. Rushpa: oh… I'mnsorry. Owner of the house: nthat's not how you dance Story Details: Ownernof the house smiled in a bad way… walked towards her, then henplaced her lower body next to his and started dirty dancing with hernagainst her will … and eventually raped her! After a bit: Rushpa: (crying anlot on the bed). Owner of the house:nthis will remain between us and if you tell anybody, the next timenyour dad talks to you he'll be behind bars. Rushpa: (startedncrying even more). At The housenGittania works in: Gittania: (went tonthe Gazebo and waiting for someone). Story Details: AnnAfrican American man came to the Gazebo. Gittania: Adam. Adam: hey Gittania,nI missed you so much (kissed her). Gittania: I can'tnwait till we declare our engagement. Adam: Gittania, Indon't think my parents will give us their blessing. Gittania: I can'tnstand a life without you. Adam: I know butnthere's nothing I can do… we have to think of something. Gittania: how aboutnI try to fake my accent? Adam: you think youncould do that? Gittania: it'snworth a try. Adam: I love you sonmuch (hugged her). At the housenSarogana works in: Sarogana: (working). Owner: Get your assnto the baby's room; didn't I ask you to take care of the baby. Sarogana: I wouldnnever abandon my baby. (put her hand on her stomach) After a while: Story Details:nRoshana, Rushpa, Gittania and Sarogana are sitting together…nEveryone remained silent for a few seconds while thinking about eachnof their problems. Roshana (thinking):nhere's another year of my life gone to waste; I should add thesenthings to a diary… Rushpa (thinking):nmaybe I should tell Sarogana what happened; besides she's alwaysnbeen like a mother to me… but what if she got really mad and hurtnhim… Gittania (thinking):nI should tell the girls about me and Adam and ask one to be my maidnof honor… Sarogana (thinking):nI miss my three boys and husband I wish I can just go back cause SrinLanka and poverty is heaven comparing to my life here… Gittania: guys, Inhave a surprise to tell you… I'm gonna get married! All: oh my god. Roshana: we're sonhappy for you. Sarogana: honey, youndeserve every bit of love your husband can give. Rushpa: ooh… hownmany children are you gonna get. Gittania: hold itnyou guys, it's still not official. Sarogana: are younsure you want to do this. Gittania: more thannanything in the world. Rushpa: I can'tnwait till I find my perfect guy. Roshana: I wish younand your husband will have all the luck you need. Gittania: it stillngets better; I want you to be my bride's maids. All except Gittania:n(Screamedoutnof happiness). Rushpa: wait, who'sngonna be the maid of honor. Gittania: well Inhaven't decided yet… I think I'm going to choose… Roshana. Roshana: …n(Surprised)…Oh I'm guaranteeing you it's gonna be the bestnwedding you'll ever have. Later that nightnat Roshana's bedroom: Story Details:nRoshana writing in her diary… In the Diary: Dayn3: Dear Diary, I think I'm doing pretty well, and Gittania's ngetting married, and I'm the maid of honor. Although, Rushpa seemsnso sad; I can see that she lost a certain glow in her eyes… likenshe lost her innocence, I know this sounds weird but… there'snsomething wrong with Sarogana too… me… well there's not much tonsay… but I'm thinking of buying an album and a camera.{End of dayn3.} Sneak Peak atnNext Chapter: Sarogana: (cleaningnthe leaves in the garden)… Rushpa: (screaming). Sarogana: (heardnher, and ran towards her house… got in… saw her being raped, andnhit the owner on the head with the pitchfork… and then ran out withnRushpa). ************************* Gittania: (getting anlittle grocery… saw Adam with a girl… went to ask him who isnshe): Adam. Adam: Gittania!?!nHey. Gittania: who isnthis lovely girl? Girl: I'm hisnfuture wife, Dandelion. ************************* Roshana: (added somenpictures to her album and continued writing in her diary): Day 5:nDear Diary, I'm sick of seeing goths, I'm sick of seeing bikers,nI'm sick of seeing hippies, I'm sick of seeing America… ","Summary":" Chaptern1: In Sri Lanka: Story Details: Anrich- like, beautiful, Sri Lankan, young woman was rushin"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"American Dreamers","Author":"alexlovesgerard93","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5214623","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dear readers, I sawnthis movie recently and it intrigued me. It interested me. It's onenof those movies that stay in your head for a while after you watchnit. So I decided to sit down and write a bit about it. I hope younenjoy this. Love, Alex I: American Outcast He was dead. My fathernwas dead. I stare at his body, unable to tear my eyes away from thengruesome sight. But in a way, I guess you could find it almostnbeautiful. You can only find such an image beautiful if you don'tnthink of it as death. But I saw death. A bullet hole in the back ofnhis head. No weapon. My father had been murdered. I can't breathe and Inturn my head away. I try to think of the good times we had. But Incan't. I find that so hard to do, when I spent most of my existencenhating him and wishing he was dead. But now that's he's dead, Inwant nothing more then to hold his hand, and cry. What would we crynabout? We'd cry about all those years we've wasted being angry atneach other. My father may have been a boring man, but it didn'tnmean he had boring things to talk about. I'm sure there was good innhis words. I'm sure he never meant me any harm. I find it hard to cry.nThe tears won't come out. It hasn't settled in my mind that he'sndead yet. I still feel like he's really here. Still breathing,nready to jump out of the closet and yell, 'Boo!'. To me, itnalways seemed like life was work. Living life was work to him. Havingna family was work to him. Was I work to him? Wasnhe work to me? Why couldn't we be like a regular family? Whyncouldn't I call him 'dad' and he call me 'daughter'? Ournlives were never that simple. An unnecessary rebellion went on behindnthe scenes. I rebelled against having a lame family and he rebellednagainst being…boring. Life is boring, unlessnyou change it. You have to change life's routines or else you'llnbe forced to be in a regular category, like 'Father' or 'Worker'.nHe completely changed the rules. He ALTERED the rules. And although Infeel like I'll hate him forever, I know that he's the only personnwho has ever changed my life. For good. Ricky stares at mynfather, he stares into the eyes of my father. What does he see? Henonce claimed he could see God through the eyes of death, but that wasnwhen he saw a dead bird. This is a human being, someone we both knew.nAngela enters the room and she screams when she sees his body. She'snnot mesmerized, but horrified. She starts to cry and runs up to me. We both hug. I feel badnfor having insulted her, but I know that's in the past. That momentnseems so far away now. I find myself unable to tear my eyes away fromnthe body. Dad…I can see you, Dad. Can you see me? ","Summary":" Dear readers, I sawnthis movie recently and it intrigued me. It interested me. It's onenof those mo"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Untitled 1","Author":"Brian Edward Brian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2717265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A GIRL reaches a finger inside a bottle and drags a little football-shaped pill out. She doesn't notice the hiss of the bathroom's fluorescent light. The cap of the pill bottle makes a swallowing sound as she screws it on. The aspirin-like bitterness spreads quickly. A clean, clink reverberates as she lifts the glass from the porcelain sink. The tap water fizzes in the glass; she's stopped asking herself, why? She ignores her image in the mirror when she swallows the pill—swallows a lifetime of pills after that first night with a man. She lost her virginity without enthusiasm or reluctance. Black and white linoleum squares checker the floor. The shower curtain is white vinyl; the walls are white. With people, she uses words like normal or standard to describe her house. With herself, she uses the word commercial. She feels adolescent in her t-shirt and imprinted cotton panties. Glancing at herself in the mirror, she knows she is much older than the breast points under her shirt indicate. Today, her shoulder length hair is raven-black, and Asian-straight. A pair of slightly oversized black-rimmed glasses matches her finger nails. Her hands have retained a child-like chubbiness and flexibility. Her face, too, has remained angelic and unblemished. She opens the mirror and returns the rattling bottle of pills. From the glass shelves she grabs her toothpaste. The mirror remains open as she paces the room—toothbrush whirring in her mouth. A dozen anime comic books are stacked atop her toilet. Bar soap, shampoo, and conditioner are all that line the window sill. Water drains from her cupped hands as she raises them to her mouth. White walls and right angles pan around as she closes the mirror. Her wet, pouty lips draw little attention before she dries them and flicks the switch. Colors pour out of the half-opened bedroom door. The whiteness of the living room draws her eyes deeper towards her vivid room. Every square inch of the door is collaged with images of Japan. Androgynous punk bands, fantasy landscapes, cartoons, anime, and dark mythical characters introduce a room that is simple by comparison. The pale-green walls seem canvas-like in their nakedness. She swings the door behind her and removes her shirt. Floating above her are three black and white posters tacked to the ceiling. Kurt Cobain, Elliot Smith, and Matsumoto \"Hide\" Hideto all droop in the center where nothing supports them. Faintly, she smells calendula as she applies her deodorant. Without the cover of her over-sized t-shirt she looks down on her body. She runs her hands down her abdomen to just under her panty line and massages the points of her hip bone. She pulls her underwear down slightly to look. When she was younger she could see her hip bones. Her thumbs slide along the leg openings of her Hello Kitty underwear as she crouches slightly. Flipping the little bow on her panties to the front she turns towards the closet. Black and red clothing spills from the opened drawers of her oak dresser. She sinks her hand into the dark mass, nearly up to her elbow, and pulls out an orange polo shirt. Again, she probes her arm through a lower drawer and retrieves a conspicuous pair of blue jeans. She has one leg through her jeans when she notices her twin roommates silently standing at the door. We're going to work, Sacha. OK. She struggles with the other leg—stepping on the fabric between her one-legged hops. Her pale back and protruding bottom faces the twins. Calmly she reaches for her shirt—she doesn't want to seem self-conscious in her nakedness. We're having a big sale today. You can come by after work if you want to. I don't think I can, Jeanne. I've got class tonight. I'm Kate. Sorry, I can't see through this shirt. That's OK. If you change your mind about class, the mall closes at nine. We can give you an employee discount. And we've been telling that guy Matt about you, and he'll be there too. OK. The bedroom door stays open after the sisters leave. As the front door opens, the air of the house shifts. Through the compressed and indistinct noises of rush hour traffic Sacha hears the sisters laughing. Just as the door closes she hears the word \"kitty.\" When Sacha first moved in, the twins eagerly asked her about her clothes. She told them, \"gothic Lolita.\" Kate asked what gothic meant so that Jeanne could ask about Lolita. That way neither one had to feel embarrassed—their brains were often synchronized that way. Sacha puts on a pair of tennis shoes and goes into Jeanne's bedroom. Pieces of notebook paper with \"Jeanne\" stenciled in bright colors litter the walls. Close up, they all say \"from Kate.\" A stockpile of denim hangs in the closet. The masses of white shirts, filling multiple laundry baskets, complete Jeanne's usual look. Sacha uses the full length mirror to see what others see—The Home Depot, and that she's forgotten her bra. The sounds of consumption reverberate between the concrete floor and steel roof of the big-box. Shopping carts, checkout scanners, and the clap of lumber rise above the faceless background noise of a hundred anonymous shoppers. Above the din, a voice comes on over the PA to announce a sale in kitchen furnishings. Sacha reaches into her orange apron and takes out a little notepad. She takes the pencil from her ear and writes, reverberates with the sounds of American consumption. From behind the customer service counter Sacha sees three boys enter the store. The leader, a ruddy pimply-faced kid, asks where the plumbing aisle is. She puts her pad down and points to the massive banner with her pencil. Two men approach her—one speaks with a lisp. She points to the lighting and fans banner. A woman with a stroller asks where the painting department is. Sacha points. An older man dressed in golfing clothes enters the store—she thinks, leaf-blowers , and points before he can finish asking. Sacha writes a little more and looks over at Chris. He's removing the plastic cover on his keyboard. Using his middle and index fingers, he enters the PLU's from a stack of returned items. Why do you always take the cover off? Cause it sounds better. Is that why you always hit the keys so hard—cause you like the sound? Ya. Chris rarely works on the sales floor. The floor boss often secrets Sacha, as well. She remembers, from high school, the rumors that spread about Chris's expulsion and the death of his parents. He stares intensely at the screen. On his orange apron he wears the compulsory pin with his name and hometown. Employees are encouraged to wear another pin that shows their personality. His pin has a bee on it. The sound of the key-taps continues as Sacha looks down at her nametag. Why don't you use the scanner? Because…just listen to the sound. My dad was a writer. He used to say, \"hit the fucking keys!\" Does anyone ask you about your pin? Sometimes. Chris alternates his grey, brooding eyes between a handwritten list of numbers and the ancient computer monitor. His heavy eyebrows match his thick pelt of hair. Both are an unnamed shade of brown. He is smoothly and leanly muscled but slightly hunched at the same time. Sacha studies the wick of his mouth—the way it faintly dimples his cheek. She smiles. Sacha stands against an endless backdrop of cinderblocks. Her freckles emerge in the sun. From the pocket of her apron she extracts a cigarette from its pack and lights it with a silver Mossimo zippo. She returns her hands to the pockets of the apron and fidgets with the various items. The cigarette hangs dangerously low from her pursed lips. Across the parking lot is an abandoned building—another big-box. Smoke rolls up her cheek and hits her eyes—she's new at her habit. The exit door makes a smashing mechanical sound as it swings open. Rich, the floor boss, leans his torso out while holding the bar with his hand. Have you seen Chris? Ya, he's in customer service today. He's not there right now. She takes a good drag and shrugs her shoulders as the door closes. Across the parking lot she sees the ruddy faced teenager and his friends walking with a clear piece of hose and a funnel. The door opens again. Chris's hair becomes flax-like in the sun. He squints at Sacha and leans against the wall with her. Rich is looking for you. Chris puts the sole of his boot against the beige cinderblock. I know. Sacha opens and closes the zippo in her pocket. Turning to Chris, she pulls the cigarette from her mouth and holds it like a pencil. Can I ask you something? OK. What did you do after you got kicked out of high school? I went to Washington and got a job as a park ranger. Why did you come back? Cause I was running away. Don't you kinda miss Washington, I mean, compared to working here? Chris looks over at Sacha with his ready smirk. No. College wasn't that much fun if you've ever wondered. I thought I was going to do a lot more than work at Home Depot after I graduated. In fact, Home Depot was about the last place I ever wanted to end up. Why? Because, It's like, we've only got so much time to find out who we really are before the world conditions us. What was your major? Fine arts. What kind? Photography, mostly. Sacha brings the cigarette to the center of her mouth. The dampness of the paper just clings to her slightly parched lips. She folds her arms and looks out. On the other side of the asphalt plain, rising through the waves of heat, is the abandoned building. The front has been stripped of the letters that once hung above the entrance. The name remains—bleached into the concrete by the sun. On the side of the building, the great expanse of bricks is pocked by a single, black door. Beside it rests an upended shopping cart. Mismatched paint covers sections of the wall. Sacha's graffiti on the useless old door— Ain't got no how whatchamacallit —is still there. The vision is interrupted as the exit door next to Chris crashes open. Chris, what are you doing? Taking a break, Rich. Well you've already had your break so we need you back in here. Some people are waiting at the counter. So let them wait. What did you say? I think you'd better get your ass in here right now. I quit, then. Sacha watches Chris's relaxed posture as Rich's grip on the door's bar tightens. Fine. Pack your shit up and get the fuck out of here, then! OK. Chris asks Sacha for her cigarette which she interprets as, a cigarette. Her head drops as she searches through her apron with jittery hands. From the corner of her eye she sees the movement of a hand. He draws the cigarette from her mouth with his modeled hand and smothers it below his boot. His cheeks dimple at the ends of his smile. Sacha watches her friend walk down the immense length of cinderblocks. His height against the wall—a lesson in perspective. The room where the graduate class is held smells like cheese. When Sacha was an undergraduate it smelled like cheese. At twenty-five, she still feels the panic and loss of self from the first day of class. The familiarity of the desks and the pre-class silence punctuate the loss of freedom. A lanky and gray-haired figure enters the room. He shuffles towards the unfinished desk by the window. He carries neither papers nor books in his hand. Sacha retrieves her little notepad and writes, the bells of junior high never change. The professor takes his place and begins. This dais used to be on top of a two-foot wooden platform. People knew how to do things back then. Now, let me spare y'all any suspense. None of you is going to be able to write anything original. So don't bother your little minds with that one. And secondly, if you don't suffer, your writing won't be worth shit. You there, what is that you're reading? The student with the iPod headphones slung around his neck like a scarf produced the faded paperback. Why are you reading that? I don't know, because it was lying around the house. Well, I lie around the house and nobody reads me. Sacha draws a double line and writes, a girl reaches a finger inside a bottle and drags a little football-shaped pill out , then excuses herself to the restroom. The linoleum tiles of the hallway are checkered black and white. Above the water fountain is a clock encaged in steel. Orange light from the outside-night fills the square glass of the double doors. Sacha steps on white squares, only. She leaves the little notepad on the Formica desk on her way past the restrooms. ","Summary":" A GIRL reaches a finger inside a bottle and drags a little football-shaped pill out. She doesn't no"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Beauty of Fight","Author":"Augustine Quill","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/543836","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was a really weird idea that came to me. Hope you like it. ************************************************************************************************** Lester Burnham was working the late shift at Mr. Smiley's. It was after closing and he was the only one there. Suddenly he was taken from behind a man with a gun. He was dragged violently into the empty parking lot. His assailant had Lester stand on his knees with his hands in the air. \"Give me your wallet.\" Said the Assailant. Lester hands him his wallet. Fine, he thought. Not much in there. ","Summary":" This was a really weird idea that came to me. Hope you like it. ***********************************"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Aiding and Abetting","Author":"Eyes-of-Green-Name-of-V","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8838708","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright, for the purpose of the intro, and to pique general curiosity, characters will not be revealed. Down the road (most likely the next chapter/ installment) characters will be identified. Back stories will be tweaked for the purpose of the story, but overall characteristics (for the most part) will stay the same. Some characters may deviate from their original attitudes and morals (possibly)- but hey this is my fanfic! lol I hope you all enjoy it and will please review! I would love to hear your opinions and feedback, this is my first story in several years so be honest please. :) I sit here and watch the house burn. The wood splinters and strains, bearing the weight of a roof that has already succumb to the flames. A noble last stand, that shall end in shattered glass, broken keepsakes, smoldering and withered furniture; memories of a once unfulfilling life and marriage. I sit here and watch, as the culprit drill had blown to shrapnel, the back end of the house obliterated as the rest of the never-happy-home crumbles. Support beams pop, splinter, and give, as the Homeowners Association approved façade disintegrates and starts to resemble the \"family\" that once was. Just a small hole in a few light bulbs, that's all it took- well at least that wasn't my doing. I just bought the drill, a present for my husband that somehow ended up at my parents house- I didn't drill the holes. I didn't turn on the light, no one did... well no one in the house did- kind of hard to do when no one was home. \"I didn't see this coming.\", a part of me wished to say that. Years of building and repressed tension; years of passive aggressive sarcasm flippantly ignored; years of a high school love plagued by reality and in-laws; and years of selfish work for selfish gain, all wrapped up in the false promises of a happy family and put on smiles. Well, after it was all said and done, the support snapped under the pressure, the roof and top floor came hurtling down. My old home was now a blazing heap, just like my parents current state of affairs. As the fire continued to light up the neighborhood, and threaten its other inhabitants, my last thought before the sirens was \"I am guilty of aiding and abetting, and I'm not sorry.\" ","Summary":" Alright, for the purpose of the intro, and to pique general curiosity, characters will not be revea"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Fallen Roses","Author":"golden chain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3547442","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Lester picked up thenframed picture of his family and felt an overwhelming surge ofnhappiness flow through him. He couldn't explain it. Didn't know thensource of it. \"Man, oh, man.\"nHe muttered. The front door opened, andnafter what seemed like an interminable amount of time, closed. Henheard footsteps, the sound of wet heels clicking against hardwood. \"Carolyn?\" Hencalled out, putting down the picture. He heard her voice in thenshadows before he saw her. \"I will not be anvictim, Lester.\" Lester had no idea whatnthis meant. He felt something, a twinge of fear cut through hisneuphoria. \"What?\" Henasked. She stepped into thenkitchen. Her hair was plastered to her head with rain water. Herndress was soaked dark red from the rain. In front of her, held innboth hands, was a chrome plated automatic pistol. \"Carolyn, what arenyou doing with that?\" Lester asked, his breath catching in hisnthroat. He was afarid. He stood up from his chair and stumbled backninvoluntarily, bumping into the table. The picture he'd been admiringnfell to the floor. The sound of the glass shattering was lost in thensound of rain thrashing against the roof. \"Shut up, Lester.\"nCarolyn said. She raised the pistol slowly. The pistol barrel starednback at Lester like a dead eye. \"I will not be a victim.\"nShe reapeated. \"What are you talking about?\" He asked. \"You've been...nyou've been laughing at me.\" Carolyn choked out. \"That's crazy...Inlove you...\" Lester sputtered. His brain was madly trying tonfigure out a way out of this sitation. \"YOU LIE!\" Shenscreamed. Lester stumbled back a bit further, never taking his eyesnaway from the barrel of the gun. They were interrupted bynthe sound of a door opening and closing. They both looked over to seenAngela, her make-up re-applied, step into the kitchen. She stoppedndead in her tracks. For a moment, no onenmoved. They each stood still as statues. Then Angela screamed. Carolyn was so surprised she pulled the trigger on the pistol.nThe bullet missed Lester, instead hitting the vase on the table withnthe American Beauty roses in it. The vase exploded. Water, colorednred by the rose petals, stained the table cloth. Lester snapped outnof it and leapt forward. He grabbed the pistol by the barrel, despitenit being white-hot from the shot just fired. Carolyn screamed as shenand Lester struggled for the pistol. Out of desperation, she thrustnher leg forward, her foot catching Lester cleanly between his legs.nHe stumbled back, the sickly feeling that taking a shot in the pillsnwill give you rushing to his stomach. Carolyn saw Lester stumble backnand fired twice. Angela screamed again. The two rounds found theirnmark in Lester's chest, the first one entering his right lung andnexiting out his upper back just below the shoulder. The secondnsmashed through his ribs and punched through his heart. He let out angasp of pain as an intense heat shot through him. He stumbled, tryingnto catch his balance on the table. Instead he just pulled off thentablecloth and collapsed against the cupboards behind him. Carolyn dropped thenpistol. It fell right beside the three spent shells, skeletal remainsnof the rounds that she'd just fired. Lester tried to sit up butnfound it to be an impossibility, smears of blood, as red as the rosesnon the floor, bloomed against his white shirt. It was hard tonbreathe. Everytime he exhaled a fine mist of blood escaped hisninjured lungs. Blood stained the white floor. \"Oh, my god!\"nAngela shrieked. She ran out of the living room and out of the house,ninto the rain, without the slightest notion of where she was going. Carolyn slowly fellnagainst the counter and slumped down against the cupboards. Shenhadn't wanted this to happen... Lester felt his body goingnnumb and cold. He was dying, and he knew it. It didn't seem to bothernhim. He looked at Carolyn, across the kitchen, looking scared andnhurt. He felt sorry for her. He hadn't meant for any of this tonhappen. He tried to smile, then, even through the pain and numbness,nuttered his final words: \"I love you.\" Carolyn barely heard thesenwords, but somewhere deep inside her brain, they registered. Lester was no longernbreathing or moving. He was dead. She couldn't scream, couldn't cry,njust sit there and look at her dead husband, at his blood coverednlips, lips she had kissed so many times... She sat like that for anlong time. By the time the poilce and paramedics, called by Ricky andna hysterical Jane, arrived, she realized a single tear had left herneye and was now rolling down her cheek. ","Summary":" Lester picked up thenframed picture of his family and felt an overwhelming surge ofnhappiness flow "},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Blonde from American Beauty","Author":"Mis Fortune","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/260014","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Body ","Summary":" Body"},{"Movie":"American Beauty","Title":"Paper Bag Ballet","Author":"for tomorrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/482801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Paper Bag Ballet The gunshot was monotonous. Eventual. Completely unaware,rnI jumped. Completely awakened, my heartbeat stopped for a microsecond.rnCompletely contempt, my father slumped down onto the table, eyes open –rncompletely awakened. It's only a paper bag, you know. What was the point. The point was beauty. The point wasrncause and effect. The point was inevitable. The point was beautiful. Why did itrnnot seem this clear before. Eyes open – the point was beauty. Eyes open to seernthe beauty. It's only a paper bag, you know. Someone once said to me that life is made up of moments.rnLife is made up of two moments – your birth, and your eventual death. The partrnin the middle is called the bit that you'll probably fuck up. Two moments. Onernmight come sooner than you expect. Maybe it will come as a surprise. Maybe itrnwill come as a savior. It's only a paper bag, you know. The emotions felt after a death are the most beautifulrnballet. Guilt dances a slow adage with hurt. Fear dances a quick allegro withrnworry. Sadness waltzes on its own at the back of the stage. Then when it isrntime for sadness' great solo… It's only a paper bag, you know. Cause and effect. Cause and effect. Beauty andrndance. Beauty and dance. What was the point. The point was beauty. The pointrnwas cause and effect. The point was ballet… Paper bag ballet. ","Summary":" Paper Bag Ballet The gunshot was monotonous. Eventual. Completely unaware,rnI jumped. Completely aw"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Wrong Turn: The Orphan","Author":"Bloody Simpson Chibi","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12691876","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Wrong Turn: The Orphan Disclaimer: I do not own Wrong Turn Chapter 1: The Girl with the Cracked Face The sunlight filtered through the boarded-up window and danced on Three-Finger's face. The mutant hillbilly groaned and rose out of bed, still not ready to give up sleeping. Saw-Tooth and One-Eye were still asleep. Three-Finger decided not wake up his brothers just yet. He left the cabin and sat on the porch for several minutes. He liked they way the forest looked during sunrise and sunset. It calmed him. After the sun had climbed a little more into the sky, Three-Finger went back inside the cabin and woke his two brothers up. It was time for breakfast ... The trio was driving down the road in search of food in their tow truck. They had been driving for two hours without spotting a single person. Three-Finger was beginning to get frustrated but One-Eye patted him on the shoulder, reassuring him that they would find someone soon. Meanwhile Saw-Tooth, who was riding in the bed of the truck, kept a close eye out for people. As he surveyed the area, he noticed a shape off the side of the road flee into the forest. It looked like a person. Saw-Tooth hollered, alerting his brothers of his find. The truck stopped near the spot where the person was spotted and the three mutant hillbillies grabbed their weapons and ran off into the woods in search of their meal. Three-Finger, armed with an axe, spotted the person running down a creek and sped past his brothers, leading them to their prey. One-Eye, armed with a hunter's knife, and Saw-Tooth, armed with a scythe, followed Three-Finger to the creek. The prey was now in their sight. The person was wearing a back hoodie, blue shorts, and long stockings with green stripes. Three-Finger threw his axe the girl. The knob hit the girl in the back of her head, knocking her down and causing her to fall into the creek. The hillbillies let out laughs of triumph as they descended on their prey. Three-Finger picked up his axe and was about to slam it down on the girl when he noticed something. The girl was a child. The hillbillies had assumed she was bigger because they were seeing her from a distance. One-Eye and Saw-Tooth looked at Three-Finger as if asking what to do next. Three-Finger shrugged and turned his attention back to the unconscious girl. He grabbed her arm and turned her on her back so he could see her face. It looked normal for a girl of her age with one exception. Her face was covered with black scars resembling broken glass. It was as if her face was cracked. Three-Finger tried to wake up the girl but to no avail. Three-Finger looked once again at his brothers who then exchanged uneasy glances at each other. Seeing no other option, Three-Finger scooped up the girl in his arms and walked back to the truck. His two brothers followed.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2: Ebony \"That's the last time I pay for tickets in advance.\" A family of three, a father,mother and their daughter, left the movie theater and walked to their car. \"It wasn't so bad.\" The wife assured her husband. \"People are just having a hard time with this new technology is all.\" \"I still say we buy our tickets the old fashioned way next time.\" The father grumbled. \"Well we girls still enjoyed the movie, right Ebony?\" The mother asked her daughter. \"Yep!\" Ebony chirped. The family climbed into their car and drove off. \"I bet your really excited for your birthday tomorrow.\" Her father's words made Ebony grin. \"Am I going to get a really big cake!?\" She asked. \"We'll see.\" Her mother laughed. \"We'll see.\" The family fell silent for awhile and Ebony was starting to fall asleep. \"Did you get everything ready for tomorrow?\" Her mother asked. \"Don't worry honey!\" The father exclaimed. \"Everything's gonna be all ri-\" The collision was over in seconds the jolt of the impact shook Ebony awake from her slumber. \"Oww!\" She exclaimed to herself. \"Why does my head hurt?\" She rubbed the back of her head which was throbbing. She looked around and saw that she was in a very unkempt living room, laying on the couch. The smell was awful and Ebony could feel herself about to vomit. \"Where the hell am I?\" She wondered. \"The last thing I remember was being chased by...oh no.\" Ebony jumped off the couch and tried to run but her legs hurt too bad to even make it across the room. She knocked down a lamp on her way to the floor. Someone must have heard it because the next thing Ebony knew, a tall man was standing over her. Ebony looked up to see his deformed face and his sharpend teeth when he smiled at her. Ebony screamed and try to crawl away but the man picked her up and placed her on the couch. \"What do you want? Please don't eat me!\" Ebony pleaded. The man got on his knees so that he was on eye level with Ebony. Then he took out a bowl of what looked like cream and rubbed some of it on her face. Ebony slapped the cream out of his hand. \"What do you think you're doing you freak!\" Ebony started to wipe away the cream and noticed that the man had put it along her scars. Flustered, she quickly wiped away the cream and pouted. \"My scars don't go away.\" She said. \"I've tried.\" Ebony pulled her hood over her head and curled up into a little ball. The man picked up the cream, looked at Ebony and left. \"Where am I?\" Ebony thought again. \"What's going to happen to me?\"[Chapter 3] Chapter 3: The Church \"Where is she?!\" Father Simon shouted at the top of his lungs. He was pacing back and forth the hallways of his church. Ebony had been missing for a week now and no one in the clergy could find her. He was beginning to lose his patience. Suddenly, the church doors flew open and Sister Francine ran in. \"Did you find her?\" Simon asked. \"I'm afraid not Father.\" Francine said sadly. Simon growled in anger, clenching his fist tightly. \"You seem very angry.\" Francine commented. Simon realized his anger was showing and composed himself. \"I'm not angry. Just very worried about our dear sweet Ebony.\" \"As am I\" Francine admitted. \"Just think! That poor girl is somewhere out there, cold and hungry.\" Francine pouted. \"What I wnat to know is why she would leave in the first place?\" \"I haven't the slightest idea.\" Simon said. \"But do not fret my dear.\" He put a hand on her cheek. \"I'm sure we will find her soon enough.\" The doors slammed opened again and Ronald the Decon came running, \"Father Simon!\" he shouted \"One of the nuns spotted Ebony leaving for the next town!\" Simon and Francine both smiled at that news. \"Did you hear that Father!?\" Francine shouted. \"We found Ebony!\" \"Ronald.\" Simon demanded. \"Get the rest of the clergy back here and we're prepare to head out!\" \"Yes Father!\" Ronald ran back outside as fast as his fat little legs would carry him. \"Francine. Go help Ronald.\" \"Of course Father!\" Francine ran after the decon, leaving Simon alone with his thoughts. \"It is truly the will of the Lord that we have found Ebony.\" He breathed a sigh of relief. \"And that means it is his will for me to silence her!\" ","Summary":" Wrong Turn: The Orphan Disclaimer: I do not own Wrong Turn Chapter 1: The Girl with the Cracked Fac"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"The Hunt","Author":"jamesssxD","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5661590","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ema ran her hands through her hair, pulling away the hairs sticking to her sweaty face due to the boiling sun beaming down on her boiling car. It was summer vacation, and she was driving back home to California with her boyfriend Stuart. \"Want some water?\" he asked, before taking a huge gulp himself. \"Don't drink all of it, we need to save some! I have no idea when the next gas station is\" \"If worse comes to worse, we'll just drink our pee\" Ema couldn't help but chuckle, \"You are so gross, dude\" \"Dude? When were we on dude terms?\" \"When I was thinking of dumping you after all your pee jokes\" she said, turning around and winking at him. The couple were taking a different route than last time, through the backwoods as they had heard from friends it's much quicker to get home. The quicker the better, as driving in California for so long isn't such a great idea. \"Hey, whose that\" Stuart said, pointing out at a man standing on the side of the road, his hand out. \"Hitchhiker... Will I stop?\" \"Shit, we can't leave him out in these woods, they go on forever\" Pulling over, Ema rolled down the window and looked up at the hitchhiker who was smiling at her, he had brown hair and brown eyes. Very attractive. \"Hey, needing a ride?\" \"Yeah, that'd be great!\" he replied, jumping in the back of the car as Ema started driving. \"Thanks for this, I'm Dane\" \"It's fine, so what you doing out in the middle of the woods?\" Stuart asked. \"Just looking for a lift home,\" Dane replied, \"Not far from here\" Ema gasped, \"You live out in these woods?\" \"Yeah, it's only like a five minute ride, me and my family live out here, we're hunters\" \"Ooh, wild hunters, what do you hunt?\" \"Everything really, anything that moves\" Stuart laughed, \"Even people?!\" \"I do,\" Dane said, also laughing. A sudden silence filled the car as Dane kept on chuckling. Looking out the window, Ema seen two men in the distance, walking towards the car, \"That your family?\" \"Yeah, that's my dad Ray and brother Garth,\" he replied. \"Thanks for the ride\" Ema began to pull over next to the two men as Dane started to get out, but the older man pulled out a shotgun from behind his back, it all went by in a moment as he smashed the handle against the window, and then against Stuart's head, knocking him unconscious as Dane grabbed a screaming Ema's hair and bashed her head twice off the steering wheel, also knocking her out cold. / Her eyes were blurry as she began to wake, the first feeling she felt was a sudden hot flash on her back. She was lying on the road, Stuart awake next to her, trembling and shaking. Around her were ten other people, all laid on the road, looking scared and petrified. She looked up at the three men stood on the road infront, Dane being one of them, he held a bow and arrow in his hand, as his father Ray held a 12 guage shotgun, with the older brother Garth weilding curved blades but handguns in his holsters. Dane had told her he liked to hunt anything that moves, meaning humans, and this was their game. The Players: Ema and Stuart. Family of four, parents Harry and Francine, daughters Claire and Abby. Three friends, Jenny and her best friends Adam and James. And the three loners, Cara, Vanessa and Chris. Ema watched the men infront of her carefully as Ray pulled out a horn and with a grasp of the ball, a horn blared out that hit the nerves in everyone's ears. \"You all get a 10 second head-start, so start running!\" A sudden adrenaline rush flow through the twelve players, Stuart grabbed onto Ema as they fled down the road opposite the men, the other players followed, grouping together with their loved ones. It felt like a second, but the ten second head start had passed, and the sound of Ray cocking his powerful shotgun echoed through the woods. In an instant, he pulled the trigger and a bullet blasted out the barrel, flying through the air and smashing into the back of a running Claire's head, her skull exploded and blood splattered out as she fell forwards onto the road. \"Baby!\" her mother, Francine cried. She stopped running and ran back to her daughter but Harry grabbed her hand and urged her to move on as the now family of three dissapeared into the woods. A second gunshot caused everyone to jump, as the next player to fall was Jenny, a bullet hitting her hard on the back of her legs, that instantly weakened as she fell onto the hot road. \"Help me!\" she screamed, but Adam and Lucas had already fled into the woods, as had everyone else. Jenny tried to crawl along the road as tears streamed down her face, the pain in her legs excruciating. \"Two down already, we did good this time, right dad?\" Dane smirked. \"Very good,\" Ray replied, \"You want this one?\" Jenny looked up at Dane and begged for her life, but he raised his bow and arrow, pulling it back and letting it go, the bow spiralling down on Jenny and penetrating through her face. She too lay dead on the ground, blood spilling from her as Claire's body lay not too far from hers. / Still running through the endless woods, Ema began to pant for breathe as Stuart dragged her along, but she felt her legs buckling from underneath her as she had to stop. \"I can't run anymore\" \"Baby, we have to, they could be near us!\" \"I can't fucking run!\" She then sat down on a log to catch her breathe, as a rustling in the trees caused both her and Stuart to panic and shoot their heads to the right, but it was the two other players, Vanessa and Brooke. \"Sorry to scare you, we just don't know where to go or what to do...\" Cara whimpered. \"You're staying with us, okay? And we're all going to get out of here\" Stuart assured her, confidently. Vanessa sat down next to Ema before pulling out a satchet of water she had under her top, in the form of a necklace and handing it to her. Ema replied with a smile before taking an energizing gulp of the water, \"Thanks\" \"So, what's the plan?\" Vanessa asked, \"Kill these redneck bastards or find an escape route?\" Ema wiped her mouth, \"Escape route, but if we manage to do both at the same time, I'm happy with that\" On the look-out, Stuart returned to three ladies. \"Alright, let's get moving... It's too dangerous to just sit around\" / Chris panted and sobbed as he ran through the woods, looking back, left, right, making sure none of the hunters were following him. He seen the other players Adam and Lucas walking through, but didn't stop to be with them, knowing being with others is more dangerous than being alone. A sudden pain shot through his entire body, as he stopped running and let out a roar of pain, looking down to see a beartrap digging in the sides of his leg, each razor stabbed deeply in his flesh. \"Shit, shit\" he cried. He grabbed it and tried to pull it free, but the solid metal wasn't budging and just causing him more pain. He heard footsteps behind him and looked over his shoulder, to see the cheeky smile of Garth. \"Hey there\" Garth said, excitedly. \"My first kill of the game\" \"No, please don't... Please\" Chris cried \"Got your foot stuck a little, huh?\" Garth replied, \"Let me get that for you\" His smile then changed into a angry face, as he roared and grabbed Chris, pulling him backwards as he was pulled free from the beartrap but with his severed foot still in it. He screamed and cried as blood poured from his stump. \"How does that feel?\" Garth pulled out his curved blade and in a quick second, stabbed it through Chris' back as it sliced through his insides and tore out of his chest. Chris stopped screaming as his eyes looked down at the blade, before rolling into the back of his head as he fell forwards and out of the blade, landing with a thud on the ground. Garth chuckled as he raised the blade again and went knife-happy, stabbing him over and over again. Players out: Claire, Jenny, Chris 3/12[Chapter 2] It had felt like hours, but was only minutes since Ema, Stuart, Vanessa and Cara had begun walking through the endless woods, trying to find the road again and also find a way out. The sun was beaming down on them, and Vanessa's pouch of water was to last them and nobody knows how long for. \"So, how'd you get that water anyway?\" Cara asked \"I always carry it with me, just incase I get a little thirsty\" Vanessa replied, \"You want some?\" \"I'm ok just now... I'm just too paranoid to take my attention off trying to hear those men, or even see them\" Vanessa sighed, \"Being paranoid over it will drive you crazy\" Stuart turned around, \"I'm keeping look-out Cara, you don't have to be so nervous\" \"But it's my life in the balance here... if those men come, we're just all strangers to one another, no one's going to sacrifice themselves to save another\" she replied, \"It's really every man for himself\" Ema stopped and looked at her, \"Don't think that like, okay? No one else is going to die\" / She buried her head in her hands and cried, Francine had just lost her daughter, and watched her brains get blown out and fall to the ground dead and she couldn't even do anything to save her. In her arms was Abby, her other teenage daughter who was sobbing also. Harry just sat on a log, pale and shocked. \"I can't believe she's dead...\" Abby whimpered. Nobody replied to her, everyone just sat in silence, which helped them hear the rustle in the bushes, alerting the trio. \"Ssssh,\" Harry whispered, \"Don't move\". As he, his wife and daughter looked around, they could see nobody around. \"It's probably just a squirrel\" Francine said, but as she finished her last word, a sudden force was pushing into her throat, as Dane stood behind her, a line of barbed wire digging deep into her throat as she struggled to get free, but blood was pouring out. Harry grabbed Abby away as in moments, Francine's throat was cut open and she dropped onto the dirt. With their footsteps rushing away, father and daughter never looked back and blocked out the sound of Dane's laughing behind. / James and Lucas had been running through the woods since the road, and hadn't stopped. The boys felt guilty for leaving the wounded Jenny behind, and even heard her scream before she was murdered, but just couldn't go back for her, otherwise they'd all die. \"How are we going to get the fuck out of these woods,\" Lucas sighed, \"It's like we're going around in circles\" \"We're not, we're going the right way, just all the woods look the same!\" \"Fuck man...\" Lucas sighed again He then turned around, to see four people walking a little distance from them, Ema, Vanessa, Cara and Stuart. \"Hey look, there's the other people that were on the road\" \"Can we trust them?\" James asked \"They are in the same situation as us! C'mon\", he tapped James and the two began running towards the other four, who seen the duo in the corner of their eyes. Cara waved her hand for them to go faster, and then the boys reached the four. \"You guys ok? You hurt\" \"We're fine, just trying to find a way out\" James replied \"Just like us then, huh?\" Vanessa spoke Stuart sighed, \"Can we just get moving? We don't want to linger around and give those fuckers time to shoot us in the brain\" Ema nudged him, \"Don't moan at them Stuart, there just like us... Trying to survive\". She then took a step forward as did James and Lucas, her foot touching a patch of grass that caved in, she fell down into a trap, a 10ft pit, accompanied by James and Lucas. \"Shit, you guys ok?\" Cara panicked, looking down at the pit gasping. \"Ow, my fucking head...\" James groaned, as he had hit it hard off the side. \"Get us the hell out of here!\" \"We're going to have to find some rope and pull you guys out\" Stuart said \"Hurry, please!\" Ema pleaded. / Stuart, Vanessa and Cara rushed around the forest, looking for a rope or anything that would help carry the trio out of the pit. But as Cara turned a corner, a fist slammed against her face, causing her to fall down and hold her bleeding nose. Above her stood Ray, smirking in delight. He raised his shotgun at her, as his finger went to pull the trigger, Stuart tackled him to the ground, the bullet shooting the ground right next to Cara. \"Shit!\" she screamed as Vanessa helped her stand up. \"Yeah, shit\" a voice said The girls turned around and seen Dane, also smirking. He grabbed Vanessa's throat and threw her to the side, before turning his attention to his grunting father who was struggling with Stuart, who was punching him repeatedly in the face. Dane ran over, pulling out a tribal knife from his holster and stabbing it into Stuart's back, who screamed as Dane then kicked his stomach and he fell on the ground. \"Give me that fucking knife!\" Ray snapped. He snatched the knife off his son and sat on a struggling Stuart, raising the knife, he lunged it downwards on his face as the blade tore through his eyesocket, instantly killing him as blood oozed out. Ray wiped his sweaty forehead as Dane looked back at Cara and Vanessa and seen them gone. / Trying to grab the dirt, Ema couldn't hold onto anything. \"There's no use doing that, there's no roots here to hold onto\" James told her Lucas grunted, \"Where the fuck is your boyfriend? He better not of ditched us!\" \"He wouldn't of done that...\" Ema replied \"You know him better than we do\" \"Yeah, I do, so get your fucking facts right before you speak!\" she snapped. As Lucas just ignored her comment, Ema turned back around, still trying to pull herself up out of the pit. \"How about we give you a boost up?\" James suggested, \"You stand on our shoulders and pull yourself up.. It could work\" \"It will work!\" Ema replied. James and Lucas walked over to her and bent down, as she held onto the mud and put a foot on one of each of their shoulders, as the boys then stood up, making her go further and further up the pit. Her hands then grasped the edge, as after a few grunts, Ema managed to pull herself up out of the pit. \"It worked! Now go find your boyfriend!\" Lucas shouted. But she didn't reply. \"Ema?\" James shouted up. A man's face then peered over the pit, Garth. He held the unconscious Ema in his arms, but as he seen the boys in the pit, he threw her on the ground next to him. \"Shit... shit! Fuck off you asshole!\" Lucas screamed Garth calmly searched through his jacket, before pulling out a small satchet of something. He opened it up and began pouring a liquid down on the pit, that also touched James and Lucas. \"What is that?\" Lucas asked \"It's petrol...\" James whimpered, he then looked up at Garth, \"Don't man! Please!\" But as Garth pulled out a box of matches, both boys looked up at suspense, as Garth lit a match and threw it downwards. James and Lucas threw themselves back as the match hit the grass in the bottom of the pit and flew up in flames. They both screamed as the fire spread quickly and then landed on their petrol-covered skin, setting them a light. Garth watched from above as James and Lucas both burned slowly alive, their painful screams a pleasure to his ears. And as their screams stopped, he grabbed Ema's hair and walked off, dragging her along the ground behind him. Players out: Claire, Jenny, Chris, Francine, Stuart, Lucas, James 7/12[Chapter 3] Ema's eyes shot open, she could see the sky above her going downwards and realized she was moving. A sudden pain hit her scalp as she looked up and seen Garth, his hand clutching her hair and dragging her along the ground. \"Get off me!\" she cried He just kept dragging her along as she tried to grab something and struggled to get free. She then managed to grab a log which caused Garth to jerk and stop instantly, he let go off her hair and turned around angry. Pulling out his curved blades, Garth was about to kill when he was knocked to the side with a thud. Ema looked and seen Harry stood there, his daughter Abby beside him, both of them holding thick logs. \"You ok?\" Harry asked Ema slowly nodded as Harry walked over to Garth, who was beginning to stand up and smacked him again, this time in the face, causing him to hit the ground again. Abby joined in, raising the log and bringing it down on Garth's chest that caused him to heave and gasp for breathe. Abby raised the log again and smacked Garth's skull, again and again as did Harry, two logs hitting Garth's head constantly and hard, caused his skull to cave in, as his brains began to spill out of his cracked open head. Father and daughter stopped their brutal attack, dropping their blooded logs to the ground. \"Thank you...\" Ema smiled, standing up. \"What happened to you?\" Abby asked \"I can't remember...\" Ema replied, holding her head as it ached from when Garth knocked her out cold. \"But I have to go back for them!\" \"For who?\" \"Those guys!\", she then looked back at the pit and seen smoke pouring from it. \"Oh god...\" \"He burned them alive,\" Harry told her, \"He deserved to die\" Abby looked down, \"Now only to find the ones that killed Claire & mom\" Ema sighed, \"We have to find my boyfriend, Stuart!\" \"Listen...\" Abby spoke, \"We found his body... He's dead\" \"W-What?\" Ema trembled \"I'm sorry...\" Ema covered her mouth with her hand as she felt her legs shake, she was shocked. Abby and Harry felt uncomfortable as she burst out in tears and fell to the ground, distraught. / Hiding behind a bush, Cara and Vanessa sat silent and still, not wanting to attract any attention. \"You think they followed us?\" Cara asked \"I don't think so... I haven't heard anything\" Vanessa replied Cara bit her nails, nervously. She then heard the voice of a female in the distance, \"That must be Ema!\", she came out of the bush and was correct, she could see Ema walking along, Harry and Abby beside her. As Vanessa ran out beside Cara, the girls were about to go get the others, when a the sound of a gunshot echoed in their ears and they seen Harry drop to the ground in the distance. / \"Dad!\" Abby cried, wiping his splattered blood off of her. She bent down to him but the bullet had hit him in the back of his neck, killing him. Ema looked around but could see no one, \"Abby, we have to go before they shoot us!\" \"No... My dad... He's all I have left\" Ema then seen Cara and Vanessa in the distance and grabbed Abby, \"C'mon! We have to go!\", she dragged Abby away from Harry as the girls ran off from the scene. The four girls had reached one another, in a panic. \"Are we all that's left?\" Vanessa asked Ema nodded, \"James and Lucas are dead.. so's Stuart..\" \"Oh god,\" Cara whimpered, \"Let's just keep moving!\" She and Abby took a couple of steps, before their ankles tightened and they found themselves screaming upside down, about 30feet from the ground, a rope attatched to each of their left ankles, that was tied around a tree trunk above them. \"Oh fuck! No, no!\" Cara cried Ema and Vanessa stood on the ground, looking up in shock. \"We have to get down before they come and kill us!\" Cara said Abby just sat there and stared in the distance. \"Fuck! Say something\" Cara snapped \"I am...\" Abby replied, she then pulled out a blade from her jeans. \"I took this from that fucker... I'll cut my rope down, it'll fall to the ground and yours will rise up, you grab the tree trunk and you'll be safe to climb down\" \"But if you cut the rope.. You'll die\" \"I've got nothing left to live for... my whole family's been killed by these bastards! Just promise me, you'll kill them\" \"I promise\" Cara replied Abby then began cutting her rope, and with a last smile at Cara, her rope was cut and she grabbed the hanging part above her, causing her to fall down the 30ft drop with the rope, head first, and as she hit the ground, her head hit it hard and her neck snapped, killing her. Cara was being pulled up and grabbed the tree trunk, safe and alive. She looked down and seen Abby's corpse lay awkwardly on the ground. / Down on the ground, Cara shed a tear as she hugged Ema and Vanessa. \"I can't believe she killed herself to save me\". A gunshot echoed through the woods again as a bullet hit the tree that Cara had just climbed down. The girls screamed and ran through the forest, through the first opening they had seen, that took them to a cliff that was over the Californian ocean. \"Shit, dead end!\" Ema sighed \"Well, for you two\" Vanessa replied \"Huh?\" Ema asked She and Cara looked at her as she took a couple of steps away from them, and the figure of Ray came out of the woods behind her, aiming his shotgun at the girls. \"Just on time, baby\" Vanessa smiled \"What the fuck, Vanessa?\" Cara asked \"What?\" Vanessa chuckled, \"How could I resist a hot man like this? So yeah, you've been hanging with the enemy this whole time\" Ema shook her head, \"You fucking bitch!\" \"Kill 'em,\" she told Ray. He raised his gun at them and shot a bullet, but Ema pushed Cara to the left as she jumped to the right. Ema ran up and tackled Vanessa to the ground, as Ray's attention was turned to her, he aimed the shotgun at her but Cara leaped up, holding the curved blade that Abby cut the rope with. She leaped at Ray and stabbed the blade deep into his spine, the curve causing his spine to split. Ray dropped his shotgun as Cara then stabbed him once more, over and over as he slowly fell to the ground, dead. With his shotgun on the ground, Ema punched Vanessa in the cliff's edge direction and picked up the shotgun. \"Kill 'em,\" Cara said, imitating Vanessa. Vanessa gasped as Ema pulled the trigger, blasting a bullet right in her chest, the force causing Vanessa to go flying off the edge off the cliff, tumbling down hundreds of feet and landing with a hard plummet in the ocean, dissapearing in the current. / Running around for hours in the boiling sun, while panic of being murdered, tired out Cara and Ema. The two girls were now walking down a path that was attatched to the cliff, taking them to a beach. \"Is that a ranger's station?\" Ema asked, pointing at a small shack. \"I think it is...\" The two girls reached the shack and walked in, their first sight was a sink, where they quickly turned the tap on and were estatic to find it had cold running water. While drinking that, Ema then noticed a phone with a thick signal cord attatched to it. \"So, where do you think the ranger is?\" Cara asked \"No idea...\" Ema replied, \"But he's left his phone\" She picked up the phone and heard a dial tone and quickly called 991, \"Hello this is the operator, what is your call?\" a voice asked \"I'm on a small beach in the backwoods of California, me and my friend, there has been four killers hunting us and another ten people who are all dead... There is one killer left and we really need help before he kills us!\" Ema quickly told her. \"Calm down,\" the operator replied. \"Your on Hunton beach... We will send a helicopter to you, just try and hide out for now!\" \"Thank you, thank you\" Ema replied. Cara looked confused, \"What's going on?\" \"They're sending a helicopter to come pick us up!\" Ema grinned She then could smell an stench and sniffed in, and immedietaly smelled gas. She grabbed Cara as the two girls ran out of the shack door back onto the beach, just in time as moments later the shack exploded in flames. To the left, stood Dane, who threw his satchel of petrol to the ground. Without a word, he raised his bow and arrow and plucked an arrow that spun through the air and landed in Cara's chest, stabbing through and coming out her back, the force causing her to hit the ground. \"NO!\" Ema screamed, raising her shotgun at Dane who raised his bow and arrow once more at her. The two stared at one another, their weapons aimed directly at each other. \"Nice gun, where'd you get that from?\" Dane asked \"Your dead dad\" \"What?\" Dane asked Ema smiled, \"That's right.. your dad's dead, as is that bitch Vanessa, and your ugly fucking brother... Your the only one left, Dane\" \"And so are you, Ema\" \"Well, makes it fair then, right?\" \"Right\" \"I bet it sucks, huh?\" Ema asked, \"Not to have all the power in your hands\" Dane smiled, \"I have had with the 134 people I've killed\" \"You fucker...\" She then pulled the trigger as Dane plucked the arrow, Ema jumped in the air, knowing the arrow would hit her, and as it stabbed through her hip instead of her head, her bullet hit Dane in the chest and he fell back. Landing firmly on her feet, Ema sprinted towards him and quickly aimed the gun at Dane, blasting him in the head as his blood and brains splattered onto the sand. Ema dropped the shotgun and stumbled back, hearing the sound of a helicopter in the distance. \"Ema... Help...\" Cara asked Ema turned to Cara who was trying to stand up on her feet. She helped her up, Cara had survived but with a bow and arrow through her chest and back. \"Is it over?\" Cara asked Ema smiled and looked at the arriving helicopter, \"It's over...\" ","Summary":" Ema ran her hands through her hair, pulling away the hairs sticking to her sweaty face due to the b"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Just Another Case of History Repeating","Author":"Quaggy","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8244118","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Just Another Case of History Repeating Rating: G Originally published: Aug. 15, 2011 Notes: I wrote this around the time that Borders bookstores was going out of business. Even though I always though of Fox Books as being more like Barnes & Noble, those scenes in the movie were filmed in a Manhattan Borders. So now, You've Got Mail has a wonderfully ironic epilogue that nobody was expecting. This little bit of nonsense came out of that . \"When I closed my shop, Birdie told me it was the brave thing to do.\" \"Did that help?\" \"No, not really. But I appreciated that she said it so convincingly.\" \"Great.\" \"The thing is, she was right. Change is scary, but it's the only way that something that something better can happen.\" \"I think change was part of the problem here. Or the inability to adapt to change.\" \"Okay. Look at it this way. It might have taken fifteen years, but you are officially free of any guilt from putting me out of business.\" \"I really don't do well with irony.\" \"But I got you to smile.\" \"Yes, you did.\" \"You did well, Joe. You did everything you could to keep this from happening.\" \"I did everything except convince the board and my father that the internet was threat until it was too late.\" \"That is not your fault.\" \"No, I guess not. There's always someone bigger and badder that you are.\" \"And someday Amazon will be the one at risk.\" \"Probably thanks to something that they started. 'It's not personal'. Remember how you gave me hell when I told you that?\" \"Oh, don't remind me.\" \"You said that it all ought to begin by being personal. You were quite eloquent.\" \"I quite sick. I think I had enough cold medicine in me to knock out a mastodon.\" \"This... this is the definition of impersonal. No faces. No names. Nobody to greet you or strike up a conversation in the checkout aisle. Just you and words on your screen. Want more? Now, we turn those pesky books into a screen too! Buy any book you want, but you can't lend it out or donate to a library when you're through. Things like human interaction just aren't necessary.\" \"Are turning into a luddite on me?\" \"No... No, I'm not. I'm serious, Kathleen. In spite of everything, I will forever be grateful the internet was invented.\" \"Really?\" \"Yes. It brought me to you.\" ","Summary":" Title: Just Another Case of History Repeating Rating: G Originally published: Aug. 15, 2011 Notes: "},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"A Project That Needs Tweaking","Author":"Phoebe Dynamite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2346153","Passage":"[Chapter 1] >>Chapter One: Epiphany Subject: Elevator Date: 1/25/99 11:36:04 PM Eastern Standard Time From: NY152 To: Shopgirl I came home tonight and got into the elevator to go to my apartment. An hour later, I got out of the elevator and Brinkley and I moved out. Suddenly everything had become clear. It's a long story. Full of the personal details we avoid so carefully... Let me just say, there was a man sitting in the elevator with me who knew exactly what he wanted and I found myself wishing I were as lucky as he. When I wrote that e-mail to my favorite pill, Kathleen Kelly, my thoughts were very clear and mixed up the same time. It was clear that leaving Patricia was a very good decision, but my feelings for Kathleen weren't exactly straightened out. I didn't really know who I was or what I wanted. Sure, she was beautiful, smart, interesting, sentimental, and adorable, but she loathed me like nothing I've ever known, and for a good reason. But I knew she liked NY152. Should I leave her in dark? My father Nelson isn't the most affectionate man on the planet, but there are certain things I can discuss with him. As we were bobbing up and down in the Harbor with our martinis in hand, two newly single men, we talked about our inability to find women that could make us happy. \"More of your inheritance down the drain,\" he said, speaking of the money he would lose by breaking up with Gillian, the mother of his 4-year-old son. \"Don't you worry about that,\" I reassured him. \"I won't,\" he replied, and he meant it. \"I'll just have to meet someone new, that's all.\" He popped an olive in his mouth. \"That's the easy part.\" I nodded and said sarcastically, \"Oh, right, yeah, a snap to find the one single person who fills your heart with joy.\" Dad laughed. \"Don't be ridiculous. Have I ever been with anyone who fit that description? Have you?\" My eyes shot up at him upon hearing those words. At that moment, something changed in my heart. People about epiphanies all the time, the moment that light bulb clicks on, but I never believed in them in that respect. I believed that you finally weren't stupid anymore. At that moment, I wasn't stupid anymore. Things were 100 percent clear. There was someone that could fill my heart with joy, did everyday when I read her e-mails, and I was just going to let her go. I didn't care anymore that she hated me and that I put her out of business. I knew right then that I would never find someone like her ever again. Now all I had to do was get her. But that certainly wouldn't be easy. It would harder than business deal I'd ever have to make. She loved me, but she didn't know it. If I just came out and told her that I was her beloved penpal NY152, she would be crushed and angry. No, I needed to make her love Joe Fox before she met NY152 face-to-face. I needed a clever plan. It would take a while, but if waiting would get me the girl, I'd be more patient than all of the saints combined. After that, I needed the perfect opportunity to put my plan into action. The perfect opportunity came a lot sooner than expected. The next day at work I casually asked her former employee George how Kathleen was doing. He said she had a cold. I knew it was time. Maybe I wouldn't have to wait so long after all. Well, that all depended on Kathleen's hate level of Joe Fox and love level of NY152. >> ","Summary":" >>Chapter One: Epiphany Subject: Elevator Date: 1/25/99 11:36:04 PM Eastern Standard Time From: NY1"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"My Perfect World","Author":"kellineedsatony","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12421831","Passage":"[Chapter 1] p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"I'm quite sure I could live in a bookstore./span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Surrounded by words, I'd peacefully thrive./span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Within the shelves, I'd find some to explore. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Seeing the new worlds in which I would dive. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"I often want to curl up in a chair;/span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Be alone with my book: I'm clearly cool. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Books have shown me empathy: how to care/span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"for others, whose faults now seem miniscule./span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"I have loved to read since kindergarten, /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"I read under my blanket in nap time. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"My teacher kindly gave me a pardon. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"I was free to explore worlds made of rhyme. /span/p p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; color: #000000; background-color: transparent; font-weight: 400; font-style: normal; font-variant: normal; text-decoration: none; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"Bookstores are rooms that contain galaxies, /span/p p style=\"text-align: center;\"span id=\"docs-internal-guid-3a8c8d6f-0e37-ecfa-369e-93fd0ab0b71f\"span style=\"font-size: 12pt; font-family: 'Times New Roman'; background-color: transparent; vertical-align: baseline; white-space: pre-wrap;\"perfect for my infinite fantasies. /span/span/p ","Summary":" p dir=\"ltr\" style=\"line-height: 2.4; margin-top: 0pt; margin-bottom: 0pt; text-align: center;\"s"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"The Truth About Lies","Author":"UndoubtedlyTheWine","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13004468","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Truth About Lies \"You know, sometimes I wonder…\" \"What?\" \"Well… if I hadn't been Fox Books and you hadn't been The Shop Around the Corner, and you and I had just, well, met…\" \"I know.\" \"Yeah. I would have asked for your number, and I wouldn't have been able to wait twenty-four hours before calling you and saying, \"Hey, how about… oh, how about some coffee or, you know, drinks or dinner or a movie… for as long as we both shall live?\" \"Joe…\" \"And you and I would have never been at war. And the only thing we'd fight about would be which video to rent on a Saturday night.\" The entire conversation kept repeating over and over in her head. Kathleen flopped on the bed, and buried her head in the pillow. Her thoughts were a mess. She had been waiting for this moment since a long, long time. A few days ago, even a thought of meeting NY152 would have set her heart racing. But today she didn't felt like going to the park and meeting him. \"Why? Why is this happening to me?\" Somewhere, deep down perhaps Kathleen knew the answer. But she was scared to accept it. \"What the hell am I thinking? It can't be because of what Joe Fox said. He is my business rival. Well, now I don't have my book business but he's just a friend. Nothing more than that. I can't possibly be in love with him. No, I can't. It's just that I have been meeting him a lot lately and I think I have just become used to having him around\" She sighed. He thoughts were very clear. She had sorted everything out in her head. But then why didn't it feel that way? The longer she thought about it, the harder it was becoming to make a decision. The clock was ticking. Finally a few minutes later, Kathleen found herslef writing an email addressed to NY152. It was very short unlike the other mails she had written to him earlier. Dear Friend, I hope you read this well in advance. I am sorry but I cannot meet you today. Something important has come up and I really can't get out of it right now. I really wanted to meet you. I am sorry once again. ~ Shopgirl Her finger hovered nervously over the Send button as Kathleen re-read her message. A few minutes passed... and finally she pressed it. ","Summary":" The Truth About Lies \"You know, sometimes I wonder…\" \"What?\" \"Well… if I hadn't been Fox Books"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"My Morning Refreshment","Author":"Hatori's Melted Snow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2869580","Passage":"[Chapter 1] MynMorning Refreshment I wake upnin the morning, Warm andncomfortable in my bed. As mynboyfriend walks out the door, I tiptoento my window to make sure he safely enters his taxi, And whennhe does, I scramblento my laptop, Where Incan peacefully get onto my email And listenndesperately for those three words, \"You'venGot Mail\" When Inhear them, I leannback happily in my chair And ansilent Hallelujah Chorus comes into my ears. Younemailed me, And yournwords are well chosen. It is asnif you are a story-book character, Toonperfect to be real. But thatnmatters not to me, As long asnwe can safely keep in touch, My dear,nname-less friend. ","Summary":" MynMorning Refreshment I wake upnin the morning, Warm andncomfortable in my bed. As mynboyfriend wa"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Story Time","Author":"chenrossii","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/688539","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Reaching up to the top shelf, Kathleen Kelly pulled down an old, dustynbook. 'This one looks so familiar', she thought. Opening the pages, the sent of daisies caught her nose. Peeking backnbehind her up on the shelf she searched for some daisies, but with nonenthere, she soon found a flat, dried flower been flattened as a bookmarkninside the book. Reading the cover, she realized how this was her favorite book as a youngngirl. The title was 'Ballet Shoes' by Noel Streatfield. Tears came to herneyes as she remembered all the summer afternoons with she and her motherntwirling about the room, pretending that she was a ballerina. Finally controlling herself, she wiped her eyes and put the book back.nChildren were streaming into the Shop Around the Corner and sitting down,njabbering about their wonderful time at the Festival outside. Pulling out the book, 'Strega Nona', she reached for the \"Fairy Tale Hat\"nby the cash register and took her place on the stool in front of the windownfacing all the children. The bustling of more children coming in began tonslow down a bit, and it got closer and closer to the time of which storyntime was to begin. Turning the pages, holding up the pictures… she read on and on about StreganNona hiring help and then leaving town to visit her friend, Strega Amelia. \"'Oh, yes—yes—Strega Nona,' said Big Anthony. But inside he was thinking,nMy chance has come!\" She continued with Big Anthony getting the pasta going, feeding the wholentown, and then being unable to stop the pot of making pasta, Strega Nonancomes back in time to save them all. For, his punishment, Big Anthony isnto eat all the pasta… \"'Poor Big Anthony… the end'\", she finished, all the children were smilingnand clapping with joy. The quiet story time was over and it was soon bundling with activity asneveryone ran about searching for books and bought presents for thenholidays. Kathleen was helping one little girl with some books when a man, whom shenthought must be the girl's dad, came over. \"Is this your dad?\" Kathleen asked the young girl. \"No, Annabel, is my niece\" the man answered. \"Your niece?\" she wondered. \"My niece, right, Aunt Annabel?\" he asked the little girl. \"Yep! And Matt is…\" the little girl began \"Oh wait, let me guess… Matt is your uncle.\" Seeing them bothnshaking their heads, Kathleen tried again, \"your grandpa? Great Grandpa-\" \"I'm his brother!\" interrupted Matt. \"Ah…\" Kathleen sighed. \"We're a typical American family,\" said the man. Kathleen began to add up all their books and handed the bag over tonthe man. \"May I ask who you are?\" asked the man. \"Kathleen Kelly and I'm the owner of this store,\" she answered, \"andnwho are you?\" \"Joe, just call me Joe.\" He answered. Handing him the bag, he andnhis kids walked out the store and down the road. \"I hope they come back, that's how we won't be going out ofnbusiness…\" ","Summary":" Reaching up to the top shelf, Kathleen Kelly pulled down an old, dustynbook. 'This one looks so fam"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Taking a chance","Author":"roothlace","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7157665","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You've got Mail doesn't belong to me. Taking a chance. Joe Fox entered the children's section and smiled at George. \"How's it going?\" he asked him. \"Great,\" George replied, and then, \"Melinda, how many times have I told you? You can't put that book there.\" George smiled apologetically at Joe and rushed after Melinda. Ever since George had started working here, Joe would come by on some pretext to find out how Kathleen was doing. True they still emailed each other, she had yet to fully forgive him, but George always had some information. They talked about the books that George thought they absolutely needed and then George casually let slip that Kathleen was ill. Kathleen was ill? Joe thought to himself. Why hadn't she told him when she'd written? He asked George for her address and left the bookstore. As he made his way to her apartment he bought some daisies; she'd said she loved daisies. Now all he had to do was find a way to get into her apartment. XXX Kathleen wasn't happy to see him and she did try to throw him out but Joe was determined. There was something about her and now he was finally single and so was she, he could do something about it. As he tucked her into her bed and left the room, Joe smiled to himself. Kathleen was in love with NY152; she'd admitted as much to him, she was crazy about him. Joe felt like jumping up and punching the air. Now all he had to was to make her like and possibly love him as Joe Fox. He knew that life without her would never be complete. He was deeply and totally in love with her. It was unfair but he had a plan, he would wear her down using all the doors open to him. It was a project that needed tweaking. A very special kind of tweaking. And he knew just how to do it. xxx ","Summary":" You've got Mail doesn't belong to me. Taking a chance. Joe Fox entered the children's section and s"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"140 Characters","Author":"Lizwontcry","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5631795","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I wrote this for Yuletide. Thanks for reading! Christmas Eve, 2009... Kathleen stared at her ever-present laptop, not sure what her 140 word limit should say. How could she possibly express her feelings with so few words? She didn't understand kids today and their methods of communication. Though she did technically meet Joe through the miracle of modern technology, the fads of the day were always a mystery to her. But her ten-year-old daughter CeeCee had a twitter page as did all of her daughter's friends, so Kathleen had one, too-if only to monitor her daughter's activities. \"Today I miss my mother so much that I could hardly get out of bed,\" she wrote, and then laughed at herself and deleted it. She didn't understand the point of Twitter but was pretty sure that mourning her long-gone mother wasn't what her followers-most of them fans of her books-had in mind. Kathleen took a sip of her hot chocolate and looked into the cozy living room at the huge Christmas tree that she and Joe picked out a few weeks ago. She focused on the lights and the gifts and the ornaments and took a deep breath. Christmas, even after so many years, was still a challenge. But having her family by her side always made things better. Before Joe came along, she struggled to find inner peace on her own, but over the years, he had proven to her time and time again that he knew Christmas was hard for her, and he was going to do whatever it took to make her smile. Joe and CeeCee would be back from their last minute Christmas shopping extravaganza soon enough. She took another look at the empty box on her computer screen and finally wrote, \"Can't wait for Joe and CeeCee to come back! I want snuggles!\" That ought to be sufficient, although it didn't even scratch the surface of her current emotional state. She closed the Twitter window and opened the latest draft of the book she was currently working on. When Shop Around the Corner closed, Kathleen started writing, something she didn't even know she knew how to do. But then she and Joe started dating and she was wrapped up in that, and soon after that the lease on her apartment was up and Joe asked her to move in. While she was hesitant at the idea of moving forward in the relationship at such a fast pace, Joe made everything so easy. He was always putting her at ease when she got into one of her nervous semi-panic attacks. There was something very calming about him when they weren't constantly at odds with each other, as they were upon first meeting. Being with Joe; just sitting at home and reading the paper or watching an old movie together, became second nature to her, and she found she didn't even want to go home that much anymore. So they moved in together and it was lovely, except for the fact that she kept procrastinating with the writing process until Joe couldn't stand to see Kathleen beat herself up about it any longer. So one night at dinner over a sausage and mushroom pizza, he decided to give her a much-needed intervention. \"What happened to your book?\" Joe asked carefully, watching as Kathleen nervously took a swig of beer. \"You haven't mentioned it lately, and I don't think I've seen you write anything for a while. Even Patricia called and asked about the status.\" Kathleen shook her head, not sure what kind of defence she could give on her behalf. \"Look, If this is your dream, we're going to make it happen,\" Joe told her. \"If nothing else, we can sell it at the bookstore in the kid's section. You know George would sell the crap out of it, even if it's just a computer print-out stapled together. Customers won't be able to sleep at night until they've bought five books, with that guy doing the selling.\" While Kathleen was still in the \"wow, isn't he cute?\" stage of the relationship, the one thing that always drove her crazy about Joe Fox was how his focus was always on how much money could be made. It was his natural state of mind; it couldn't be helped, but it still made her crazy. Instead of keeping that information to herself, she decided to speak her mind. If there was one thing she was learning to do in this relationship of hers, it was that. \"Joe, I am grateful that you're already thinking about selling the book that I haven't even finished writing yet, but I need you to be supportive of the actual process before you start hearing the dinging of the cash registers. Could you please do that for me?\" Joe looked like she punched him in the gut for a second, but recovered quickly. \"Of course I can do that,\" he said after a moment. \"You're right. I do think too much about the bottom line. I'll work on fixing that, for the good of the relationship. But I want you to start writing again. It makes you happy. And you know what? I like to see you happy.\" She had laughed, and they kissed to seal the deal, which made her forget about the conversation very quickly. Kissing Joe was on top of her list of favorite things to do. He was just...so good at it. To help in Kathleen's book writing journey, Joe arranged a Storytime Hour at Fox Books every Friday afternoon, and when she was reading in front of all those curious, brilliant kids (and not to mention how they were completely captivated by her), she was hit by inspiration. That very Friday night, she went home and started feverishly writing. She continued her story about a girl, Olivia, who likes to tell outlandish stories to her classmates. The story was finished in a week. After talking to an editor or two, \"The Olivia Chronicles\" had a book deal, and Kathleen had been writing about little Olivia ever since. Shortly after the book came out, Kathleen and Joe sat down at their kitchen table, Brinkley snoring nearby, and had a chat about \"where it was all going.\" \"I realize we are both no longer spring chickens,\" he said, looking down at his bottle of beer. She wished he would look her in the eye, but it seemed like he was gathering the nerve to say something important, so she let it go. \"My dad once asked me if I ever met anyone who fills my heart with joy. I couldn't think of anyone else...but you. We live together, and it's been working out well. Brinkley likes you, which is important. I think we should get married. And I think we should do it soon. And I think we should also talk about having children, because I know the clock is ticking and all that.\" He exhaled, as if he hadn't taken a breath since he started that long diatribe. He was just so cute, Kathleen could hardly stand it. She took his hand in hers and said, \"I would love to get married to you, Joe. And I want to have a child, sooner rather than later. But the one thing that I've always wanted to do is adopt. And since, as you said, we're not spring chickens, that's probably the best option for us right now. What do you think?\" Joe finally looked up from his beer and smiled most adorably. And a year later, they adopted a one-year old girl they named Cecilia, got married in a ceremony with their dearest friends and relatives, and moved to an apartment in Chelsea, because Kathleen was always inspired by the artistic reputation of the area. She wanted her daughter to be brought up in a world filled with art and literature and love and laughter, just like she had. Reminiscing about the past was always Kathleen's way of procrastinating the writing process. Back in the present, she tried to swallow the lump in her throat and continued writing Olivia's latest adventure. Barkley, the Golden Retriever they adopted shortly after Brinkley, at age 12, passed away, got up from his doggie bed when he heard the unmistakable sounds of keys in the door. Shortly after, Joe and CeeCee came storming through the living room, dozens of bags in their arms, smiling from ear to ear. \"Look what we got, Mom,\" CeeCee said, rushing over to Kathleen, giving her a big hug. Oh, her daughter was the best at giving hugs. \"What did you get?\" Kathleen asked, taking the bag CeeCee was holding out. Her daughter was the proud owner of yet another goldfish. \"Oh, my goodness! Well, add this one to the tank,\" she said, grinning up at Joe, who was smiling back. CeeCee ran to the fish tank and added the new one to the collection. \"What's this one's name?\" Kathleen asked. \"We decided to name it Rihanna,\" Joe said. \"I don't know what that is, but apparently it's a singer of some kind.\" CeeCee rolled her eyes, and then asked her parents, \"Can I get on the computer, please?\" \"Yes, but only for a few minutes,\" Joe said. \"And NO Facebook, do you understand?\" Joe was so paranoid about his daughter getting in trouble online that he only allowed her to get on Facebook when he was in the same room, keeping a close eye on her activities. This drove her crazy, obviously, but she understood (for the most part) that her parents were just trying to keep her safe. \"Whatever!\" She said, and skipped away to her room. Joe exhaled, and Kathleen knew he was never exactly sure whether he was doing the right thing by his young daughter. He was a great father, but he was always doubting himself. \"Hi,\" he said, giving Kathleen his standard \"I've missed you\" peck on the lips. She pulled him in closer for a longer kiss; he obeyed. \"Well, that's something we should look into later,\" he said, winking at her. They both chuckled. \"So what's the plan tonight? Dinner and then the holiday party at Frank and Sydney Anne's?\" Kathleen groaned. \"Oh, Joe, I'm not in the mood for them tonight. I mean, really, are you?\" \"I haven't been in the mood to go to their house since 2002. But I would go if you want to. Sydney Anne always makes the best garnishes.\" She laughed, but it was not her usual, bubbly, easy-going happy laugh. And that was all it took for Joe to know something was wrong. Instead of asking her; instead of stating the obvious, he crouched down and took her hand. She looked up at him with tears brewing in her eyes. \"Let's stay in tonight, okay? CeeCee and I will make you breakfast at dinner. She can make the eggs. I'll make some French toast and bacon. Come on, you know she loves to do that for her mom. And then we'll listen to some Joni Mitchell when she goes to sleep, and you can talk about it if you want to, okay?\" He kissed her forehead. When Kathleen met Joe all those years ago, she'd never have guessed that he had such a romantic side to him. In fact, she thought he was pretty much the most obnoxious person she'd ever met. But he wore her down and after a while, she realized that the same person she was fighting against loving was the person she wanted to spend the rest of her life with. He knew her so well, and continued to surprise her with his patience and love. In return, she tried to support him and his goals and even his store as much as she could find it in herself to do so, which wasn't always easy. But they two of them, once they found their groove, balanced each other nicely and worked well as a team. Kathleen buried her head in Joe's shoulder and they sat still for a few minutes, enjoying each other's company. Then Joe retrieved CeeCee and they made breakfast for dinner while Kathleen did the crossword puzzle and enjoyed the sounds of her husband and daughter being noisy in the kitchen. They watched \"A Christmas Story\" together on the big sofa and then it was bedtime for CeeCee. Their daughter liked to act wise beyond her years, but when it came time for bed, CeeCee was always asleep by the time her head hit the pillow. Kathleen and Joe retreated to the kitchen to do the dishes. \"Feel better?\" He asked as he rinsed off a plate. Before they moved in together, Kathleen was sure Joe had never even used an oven in his entire life. But she taught him the very basics of cooking and he begrudgingly helped with the cleaning afterwards. These days, it wasn't a surprise to find him in the kitchen on a Saturday morning, simultaneously making pancakes and baking a pie. Kathleen had unlocked some domestic part of him, and now they were both reaping the benefits. She knew she could say she felt just fine and Joe would believe her and drop the subject. He wasn't one to push, even if she could tell he wanted to. But although her husband and daughter made her happy for the time being, she still found herself in state of sadness that couldn't be easily swept away. \"One year for Christmas, my mom took me out to see the Christmas lights,\" she said, letting herself feel the wave of emotion. \"We stayed out for hours and hours looking at every block; each neighborhood was the same but different in their own way. She would explain the meaning of all the decorations, and would always stand there and let me stare at them until I was done. We were so cold, but she didn't take us home until I was ready. For weeks, the lights were all I could talk about. There was something about how the city came together for the holidays that made me believe in magic. It was unforgettable. And this time of year, when I see all the lights and I think about believing in magic, it makes me miss her so much. She was everything to me when I was growing up, and I still, so many years later, can't believe she'll never look at lights with me again.\" Joe led her over to the table and held her while she cried. He didn't say anything until she stopped crying, and then he kissed her and said, \"I am so sorry that this is such a hard time of year for you. I can't imagine how hard it was to lose her at such a young age.\" She nodded, and blew her nose. \"Maybe tomorrow night we can take CeeCee out to look at the lights around here,\" he said. \"We can take her to Rockefeller Center and look at the tree. I know she's seen it before, but maybe you can tell CeeCee about her grandmother and how the lights meant so much to her. She is named after her; surely she'd like to know more about her mother's mother.\" \"That sounds perfect,\" Kathleen said. \"We can start a new tradition.\" \"Exactly,\" Joe said. \"I know that won't make the heartbreak any less, but at least it will ease it somewhat, right?\" \"Yes, it will,\" she said, believing it. \"Thank you, Joe. You always know the right thing to say.\" \"You'll never have to thank me for that,\" he said, and winked at her. After having a cup of tea, Joe got ready for bed and Kathleen opened her computer for a few minutes before her own bedtime. While her heart still felt the sadness she'd probably never be able to let go of, there was always a ray of hope for the future. Yes, Kathleen would always miss her mother, but she had a daughter she could make new memories with. They already had so many, and there were so many new ones to make. She reopened the pesky Twitter window and wrote, \"I am forever grateful for my husband and daughter, who always know what it takes to make me feel myself again.\" She even had 30 more characters to spare. Satisfied, she turned off her computer and joined her husband in bed. ","Summary":" I wrote this for Yuletide. Thanks for reading! Christmas Eve, 2009... Kathleen stared at her ever-p"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"She's a Fox, Alright","Author":"Phoebe Dynamite","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/1798013","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She's a Fox, Alright * * * Joe Fox was half asleep when they came out and told him the news. He wasndrifting away in the dim light of the waiting room, sinking into an oldnchair while some little boy banged him on the head with a cardboard brick.nHe was exhausted and wanted to go home and watch a movie with his wife,nKathleen. And then the doctor, a small, pale man with a toothy smile, walked into thenwaiting room and announced, \"Is the husband of Kathleen Fox present?\" Joe lifted his head. \"That would be me, sir.\" The doctor sauntered over to Joe, smile deepening with each step. \"I've got some good news, Mr. Fox,\" he said. Joe stood up. \"Yes?\" The doctor patted his shoulder. \"Congratulations! It's a girl!\" Joe's heart skipped a beat and his lips curled into a broad smile. It wasna girl. He had a daughter. He and Kathleen were the parents of a newbornnlittle girl. \"Can I see her?\" he asked the doctor. \"Of course!\" he replied. He began walking into the delivery room. \"Follownme, dad.\" Joe did as he was told. His smile grew with each millisecond. He wasnabout to meet the little person he had waited to meet for nine months. Henremembered the day Kathleen had told him the good news. They were havingndinner at the café where they had supposedly \"met\" each other as onlinenbuddies – without knowing, of course – to celebrate their first weddingnanniversary. Kathleen had sat down at the table with an exuberant smile onnher face and slid her husband her favorite book, \"Pride and Prejudice\" withna little note inside that said, \"I'M PREGNANT\". Now Joe Fox was walking into the bright delivery room were his new daughternhad just been born, and he could barely contain his excitement. He sawnKathleen in the hospital bed, cradling the infant in her arms. The babynwas donning the traditional white blanket and pink cap. Her eyes werenclosed and her little tiny fingers reached out and wrapped around hernmother's. She cooed softly. Joe melted inside. He never knew you could experience love at first sight,nbut you could. \"Why, hello,\" said Kathleen softly to her husband. She gave him a bignsmile. 'You want to join us over here?\" Joe smiled back at her. \"Of course,\" he said, walking towards them. Hensat down on the side of the bed and looked dreamily at the baby, his verynown daughter. She was so small but she was the most beautiful thing he hadnever seen. \"Wow,\" he whispered to himself. \"I know,\" said Kathleen. \"She's beautiful.\" Joe wiped a tear from his eye. \"She's a Fox, alright.\" Kathleen laughed and held the baby up to him. \"Hey, sweetie,\" she whispered to the cooing infant. \"This is your daddy.nHe's the only person in the world good enough to be your daddy.\" Joe was overwhelmed. He reached out his pointer finger, which was thenlength of the little girl's face, and caressed her cheek. Suddenly, her eyes burst open. They were a blue-gray, the most beautifulneyes he had ever seen. His heart melted. \"Hold her,\" Kathleen commanded. Joe took her carefully in his arms without hesitation. He had held Mattnand Annabelle when they were born, but nothing could compare to this. Hentook his daughter in his hands and rocked her back and forth gently,nstaring into her eyes. \"We have to pick out a name,\" whispered Kathleen as she rubbed the baby'snhead. Joe didn't look up. \"What do you like?\" \"I've always liked the name Amara,\" Kathleen replied after a moment ofnthought. \"I read it in a book once. She wasn't a main character, but theynmentioned this ballet dancer named Amara, and I just loved it.\" \"Well, it's perfect then,\" said Joe, looking up at his wife. \"You and yournmother used to twirl, so naming her after a ballet dancer would be justnright.\" He looked back down into her eyes. \"And she looks like an Amara.\" \"Amara Susan,\" Kathleen added, \"after my mother.\" Joe smiled up at his wife. \"Amara Susan Fox.\" He looked yet again intonthe baby's eyes. \"Perfect.\" As good as things were before Amara's birth, after it, they only gotnbetter. The three Foxes always took walks in Riverside Park, not usuallyncovering the whole thing in one day, but they always passed 90th street.nWhen she was a few months old, little Amara sat in her stroller and heldnBrinkley's collar. She giggled and smiled nonstop. Kathleen now did not think Baby Gap depressing, considering she was anfrequent customer. She went at least once a week while Joe was at work,nand all the employees there loved Amara. One day one of them told Kathleennthat they had looked it up in a baby book, and Amara Susan meant \"eternalnlily.\" Kathleen loved it, though her favorite flower remained daisies. Fox & Sons Books remained well in business, but Joe was still sad aboutnclosing down The Shop Around the Corner, especially since Amara's birth,nknowing that Kathleen had always wanted to leave the store to her daughter.n He decided to surprise his wife on their daughter's six month birthday bynbringing them to Fox & Sons Books and showing them the new expandednchildren's section, called \"The Shop Around the Corner.\" \"It's not what you had intended,\" Joe had said that day, \"but I did mynbest.\" Kathleen had to hold back tears. \"This better than I intended,\" she sobbednas she gave him a big hug. Later that month, Kathleen's first children's book, \"Eternal Lily,\" thenstory of a princess named Lily living in a magical kingdom callednManhattan, was published and was an international success. So Joe, Kathleen, Amara, and Brinkley Fox were a truly happy family. Theynhad New York in the spring (and all the others months), books, and best ofnall, each other. THE END ","Summary":" She's a Fox, Alright * * * Joe Fox was half asleep when they came out and told him the news. He was"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Mr NY 152 days of disguise","Author":"little-daisie-wolf","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5263766","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mr NY 152 days of disguise The pair held each other delicately, arms in arms. \" I wanted to tell you.\" Joe whispered into Kathleen's golden hair, which he thought seemed golden under the sun's rays. Kathleen couldn't help but let one more tear trickle down her cheek. She turned and flashed a sweet smile, looking into his eyes with affection. \"I understand.\" Joe gazed shyly back, his hand holding her cheek. \" You don't need to cry anymore, your with Joe Fox now\" She gave a little laugh. \" Mr NY152, 152 days of not knowing it was you \" She joked. She was so happy it was him. Joe just grinned. Together, they started to walk down through New York's blooming gardens. It's breaths of flowers, perfume rising to the saphire sky above them. It was a perfect day. ","Summary":" Mr NY 152 days of disguise The pair held each other delicately, arms in arms. \" I wanted to tell y"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"The Surprise","Author":"shopgirl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/925239","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Name: Shopgirl Title: The Surprise Rating: G Author note: This is only two chapters long. And please no flames if you can hold them back please do so. This is my first time writing a fanfic, so please be kind. Thank you. Disclaimer: I own nothing. ~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~ It was about two weeks after Joe and Kathleen found out about each other and started going out. Kathleen was happy now, very happy, but for some reason, she could not bring herself to find out what was going on with her store. She couldn't bear to see a Baby Gap, or anther Clothing store in place of her mother's store. Brinkley came over and licked her face. She laughed, patted the dog's head, and went back to her writing. An hour later... The door opened up and Joe came in. He walked over to Kathleen, kissed her neck, and said, \"Hello.\" Kathleen stopped writing, turned around in her chair, and kissed him, \"Hello to you too.\" \"I think you could use a break,\" Joe told her. She sighed and said, \"You know what, your right.\" \"Good, because I've got a surprise for you.\" Kathleen had a very shocked look on her face, \"A surprise... for me?\" \"Of course for you,\" he held out his hand to her, \"Come on.\" She took it and stood up and they walked to the door. \"What is it?\" she asked. Joe shook his head, \"It's a surprise.\" \"Come on. Give me a hint?\" Joe shook his head, \"Please?\" she gave him the sad puppy dog look. Joe smiled at her, gave her a little kiss on her nose, and said, \"Nope.\" Kathleen sighed and the two walked out onto the street. Joe hailed a taxicab and they climb into the back seat. \"Where to?\" The driver asked. Joe handed him a piece of paper, a few extra dollars, and said, \"Say nothing and be quick.\" The driver nodded his head and drove off. Kathleen looked over at Joe and saw him take something out of his pocket. Her eyes widened and she said, \"A blind fold!?\" Joe smiled and said, \"I can't have you peeking now can I?\" Kathleen sighed and said, \"Fine!\" she allowed him to put the blindfold on her face. \"Can you see anything?\" \"No,\" She said honestly. \"Good,\" he held her hand in his, and they drove all the way to their destination in quietness. About ten minutes later the driver came to a stop and said, \"We are here.\" \"Thank you,\" Joe said and paid the man. Joe helped Kathleen out of the car and she asked, \"So, where are we?\" \"Nice try, but I am not going to tell you.\" Kathleen sighed. She had no choice but to follow Joe, mainly because he was guiding her to the destination. Joe brought her into a building, that's as much as she knew. What she didn't see was that Joe held his finger to his lips making sure that everyone stayed quiet. \"Are you ready?\" Joe asked. \"Very ready! Please take this off of me!!\" Kathleen started to get very impatient. Joe ripped the blindfold off and everyone screamed, \"SURPRISE!!!!\" TO BE CONTINUED...[Chapter 2] Name: Shopgirl Title: The Surprise Rating: G Author note: This is only two chapters long. And please no flames if you can hold them back please do so. This is my first time writing a fanfic, so please be kind. Thank you. Authors thanks: Thank you to the two who reviewed my story! This is for the two of you!!! Hope you enjoy!! Disclaimer: I own nothing. ~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~YGM~*~ Kathleen opened her eyes to see that she was in her old store with all her friends around, \"Wha... This can't be.\" She walked around the store, \"This just can't be.\" Joe was a little nervous that she wasn't happy with her surprise, \"Ah, honey, are you up...\" he was interrupted by her kissing him. They broke apart, \"What? But how?\" \"Well, as soon as the store closed, I decided to buy it.\" Kathleen was still speechless, \"But how? I can't surely survive with...\" \"Ah, now see, that's the beauty part. This is an all kids book store.\" Kathleen still looked confused. \"Well, I convinced my grandfather to take the kids section out of our store and put it all into here.\" Kathleen kissed him again, \"You did all this... for me?\" \"Well, yes.\" \"Why?\" \"Why? Because I love you, that's why. And besides, I heard that you've always wanted to give this store to your daughter one day.\" \"Yes, but...\" She looked at him and he was down on one knee. She gasped. Joe grabbed her hand, \"Kathleen Kelly, I love you, and I want to be with you forever. Will you please be my wife?\" He held out a little box with the most beautiful diamond ring she had ever seen. Kathleen was speechless, once again. Too many wonderful things were occurring in just one afternoon, \"I...I...\" When she looked into his eyes it felt like it was the first time she was looking into them. \"Can't you just look past the whole boat thing and say yes.\" Kathleen had to laugh at that. She remembered the day she told him that she could never be with a guy who owned a boat. She laughed a little and ran her fingers through his hair and said, \"I love you.\" \"Then say yes.\" Kathleen smiled and said, \"Yes of course I'll marry you!\" Joe stood up and kissed her. While everyone around them were going crazy. They broke apart and Kathleen went to her old friends, \"Birdie! George! Christina!\" and they shared a group hug. \"It feels so great to be back doesn't it?\" \"Yes it does,\" Birdie said. \"Sure does boss,\" Christina said. \"I liked my old job better,\" George said with a hint of laughter. Everyone screamed at him, \"George!!!\" \"I'm just kidding. This place is like a home away from home!\" Kathleen walked back over to Joe, \"I don't know how I can ever thank you enough.\" Joe held her hands and finally put the ring on her finger, \"You already have. You already have,\" and he kissed her again. Kathleen pulled away, \"Wait! What about my writing job? I can't just stop writing.\" \"Way ahead of you on that one,\" Joe grabbed her hand and led her. \"We did a little remolding too,\" he lead her to a little room. \"What's this?\" \"This is your new office. Fully equipped with a brand new computer, a door *and* a phone. To call me, of course.\" Kathleen smiled, \"Of course.\" Christina followed them, \"See, you can do your writing in here and when you get board, or get writers block, you can come out here and work.\" Kathleen just smiled, \"Come on, you have to open your present.\" Christina grabbed her hand and pulled her out. \"More things?\" she asked Joe. He just smiled. \"Here,\" George handed her a gift, \"For you.\" \"Thank you.\" Kathleen took it and opened it up. It was the picture of her and her mother twirling. Joe said, \"I think you should do the honors.\" Kathleen went behind the counter and hung the picture back onto the wall. Everyone started to whistle and clap. \"Now tell me again, what are you doing in that picture.\" Kathleen smiled, \"We're twirling.\" Joe grabbed her hand, pulled her from behind the counter, \"Like this?\" and he twirled her as Birdie took a picture. THE END Another Authors note: I don't know if her store was full of little kids books or not. So if it wasn't before it is now, and if it was before then it still is :) ","Summary":" Name: Shopgirl Title: The Surprise Rating: G Author note: This is only two chapters long. And pleas"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"The Second Official Date","Author":"Alexis Viddell","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5907141","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Second (Official) Date By VampyMuseGirl The bustling sounds of New York had awakened Kathleen Kelly from her slumber. It was hard to believe that NY152 had been Joe Fox all along. That fact was hard for her to accept. If he hadn't shown his appealing traits to her while he proclaimed that he wanted to be her friend, they definitely would not have been where they were today. It was just yesterday when Kathleen shared a kiss with her big, bad rival: Joe Fox. He had put her out of business and without a job! However, she couldn't resist his charm when he acted like a decent human being and not a bottom-dweller. His physical attractiveness helped him out as well when it came to appeal towards Kathleen. As she remained between her sheets, nestled up all warm and cozy, she couldn't hold back a beaming smile when she thought of all the effort Joe had gone through just to make the guessing game of who NY152 was. Who knew Joe Fox had a sense of humor and was a romantic? Kathleen stretched along the length of her bed and sat up instantly. She clapped her hands ecstatically fast and launched herself onto her feet. Quickly dodging the corners and door frames, she slid on her socks along the wooden floor and stopped cold at the sight of her laptop. The gentle humming sound coming from it was almost an invitation to come and open it up. As she walked towards the laptop, she rubbed her hands in anticipation before sitting down in her computer chair. With the gentle push of the laptop button, it unlatched and Kathleen guided it fully open. An old photograph of her and her mother in front of The Shop Around The Corner welcomed her. Kathleen kissed three of her fingertips before placing them upon her mother's face. \"Hi mom!\" She smiled and continued on; navigating through the icons on her desktop until she found the icon labeled: AOL. After she double clicked and inputted her login information, the annoying sound of high pitched beeping and scratches began as it connected. It went silent. She awaited the lovely sound of her email box beckoning to her: \"You've got mail,\" but it never happened. Kathleen's mouth dropped. \"What in the world...\" She wondered if her computer was simply taking too long to load her email notifications. Without any patience, she clicked open her email box. It was empty. Worry began to set in. Bad thoughts began to consume her: Did I make myself too available? Was it a bad idea that I kissed him when I found out that Joe Fox was NY152? Was everything that happened yesterday in the park just a charade to Joe Fox? I wouldn't put it passed him. Then, a beautiful chiming sounded and a pop-up window appeared on her screen. NY152: Good morning, Shopgirl! I hope you had a restful sleep. Kathleen smiled and stared at the blinking cursor as it awaited her fingers to touch the keys in response. Shopgirl: Good morning, NY152! I slept very well, thank you! I'll admit, I was a little worried when I woke up and didn't hear those three magic words this morning. NY152: I'm sorry. I thought I would try something a little different from the norm, since you know who I really am now. We've only used AIM once. I've actually been up for a while waiting for you to sign on. Shopgirl: Oh really? I'm sorry if you've been waiting too long. NY152: It's not a problem! I actually had enough time to shower and get dressed for the day. I was hoping we could bump into each other at Starbuck's. Are you busy this morning? Shopgirl: That sounds like a wonderful idea! Your ex, Patricia, gave me the day off. I told her that I had just found out some startling news and couldn't make it in today. NY152: Ahh, what startling news? Shopgirl: Maybe I over-exaggerated a little. The news that you were NY152. I didn't get into details with her about it. NY152: You know, Patricia will want to know every detail why you took the day off. We can think of some stories over coffee and pastries. I'll see you in 20 minutes? Shopgirl: Sounds perfect! See you then! NY152: I look forward to it! A second later, her messenger notified her that Joe Fox had signed off of AIM. Repeating his actions, she signed off and went to the bathroom to freshen up and get ready for her second, official date with Joe Fox. She wasn't sure how this romance between them would blossom. A few dates here and there and she'd be sure to know where they'd be. They already shared their first passionate kiss in one of the most beautiful places in New York City. Kathleen yearned for more moments like that with Joe Fox. Unfortunately, Joe Fox was very unpredictable. Over the next few dates, he'd have to try very hard to earn her trust and show that he's genuinely interested in her. The old Joe Fox she knew would probably have one thing set on his mind at this point and it'd only be so he could brag to his buddies that he slept with the lady who worked at the bookstore that his store had put out of business. However, Kathleen was willing to give him a second chance to prove that he wasn't as terrible as he had come off during their first few meetings before the big reveal of who they really were. Kathleen smoothed out her skirt and buttoned the top button of her cardigan before reaching out and spritzing herself with a light vanilla scented body spray. She inhaled deeply, closed her eyes, and smiled. \"Well, here we go!\" She smiled at herself in the mirror. As she reached the front door of her New York apartment, she took in another deep breath, opened the door, walked down the steps, and was welcomed by the busy sounds of New York City. \"I just love New York in the spring!\" Kathleen took in the sights before she started off at a skip and made her way towards Starbuck's.[Chapter 2] AUTHOR'S NOTE I have never received so many comments and encouraging words from fans of my You've Got Mail epilogue. So, I decided to indulge the fans of my story and went ahead and made another chapter to Kathleen and Joe's romance from the movie, \"You've Got Mail.\" I hope those of you who've been waiting for an extra chapter are pleased with it. I tried to wrap up their second date nicely with some comedy, romance, and anxiety in one final chapter. After this addition, I'm quite certain there will be no more chapters for Kathleen and Joe created by me. The first one was supposed to be the only fanfiction I wanted to make about them. But when the fans speak, I listen and cater to their wants. I'm a sucker like that. Enjoy! Sincerely, VampyMuseGirl[Chapter 3] A Defining Sense Of Self By VampyMuseGirl The quick, ten-minute stroll through the busy streets of Manhattan had gone by very fast. It was easy to have time pass you by when you were enjoying yourself. The entire way to Starbuck's, all I kept thinking about was, \"I wonder if we're going to kiss again! Will he make his feelings for me public? If he does, he's a keeper!\" Of course, I said this all inwardly with a grin that nobody would be able to hide from anyone. As I turned the corner to Starbuck's, the line had formed outside the door. This predicament kept me at a standstill on the corner of West 67th Street and Columbus Avenue. I stood there for a minute, waiting to see if the line would die down, but it wasn't. In fact, it seemed to have gotten longer and busier. Suddenly, I heard my text notification from my cellphone in my hand purse. NY152: Are you just going to stand there? Or will you be coming in? I saved us a seat. You'll be able to spot me. I'm almost certain. I forgot that I had activated the AOL Instant Messenger application on my phone and that it was set to automatically log in after each time I restarted my phone! I smiled, locked my phone, placed it back into my hand purse and made my way across the crosswalk, approaching the busy coffee bar. \"Excuse me,\" I repeated several times, until I came up to a man that wouldn't budge, \"I have someone waiting just inside. Can I please squeeze through?\" The gray-haired, balding man who may have had a few too many donuts and New York hot dogs in his time gave me a look of annoyance. I stood up straight and gave him a look of shock because instead of kindly moving so I could get into the coffee bar, he didn't budge! My jaw stood agape while I threw my hands in the air in a quick motion. \"There's just no getting through here, is there?\" I asked him. He gave me a quick grunt and turned back around as if I didn't exist. A familiar voice carried from inside. It was Joe Fox. \"Excuse me, sir? Would you be so...\" The gray-haired, balding man seemed to be put back by Joe Fox's presence, fumbling over himself as he stood in front of me, still blocking my entry into the coffee bar. \"Mr. Fox! Sir! I love your bookstore. It has been a god-send! I just want to thank you personally for opening that place up. Looks like business is booming for you, huh sir?\" The man had gone rosy in the cheeks, almost sweating from his encounter with \"THE\" Joe Fox. As the man continued, Joe Fox nodded thoughtfully, smiling his charismatic smile, being very modest. \"I'm glad you enjoy it! It's always nice to hear the opinions of readers such as yourself.\" Joe Fox shook the man's hand and held his hand towards me, \"I was hoping you could let this lovely lady through. She's not looking to cut in line. I actually have our table right over there. Would you be so kind?\" He asked with sincerity in his voice. \"Sure thing, Mr. Fox!\" The man who once did not want to move for me suddenly stepped aside as if I was on fire and he had to make lots of room for my escape. I walked passed the man, my jaw still agape, looking at him and then back at Joe Fox. \"How do you always manage to do that?\" I asked him with genuine curiosity. Joe Fox always seemed to have a way of sweet-talking anyone to get what he wanted and oftentimes, got it. I recalled the time he sweet-talked the cashier at the grocery store to let me pass through the cash only line when I didn't have any cash. He sweet-talked her into running my credit card without a problem. Of course, after the transaction was made, she still shot me a look of contempt. Maybe because I was leaving with the man of her dreams in tow. Joe Fox shot me a grin, holding my hand and leading me to the table he reserved for us. \"You can call it a natural gift.\" He replied. On the tabletop was a copy of Pride and Prejudice with a long-stemmed red rose sticking out of it's pages. I was beginning to feel more and more like a fish with the amount of times my jaw was dropping open this morning. \"How did you...how do you...\" I fumbled over my words. \"I felt bad. I really did. That night I stood you up,\" he paused for a moment, furrow his brows, \"or didn't stand you up, technically.\" He chuckled nervously. \"I really felt terrible that night, even though I did spend time with you. You were looking for your Mr. Darcy all night and I made a game out of it. Take this book and rose as a token of my sincerest apologies, Kathleen.\" Joe Fox handed me the book, removed the rose, and playfully placed it between his teeth. I couldn't help but laugh at his antics. \"Apology accepted. However, if you got any teeth marks on that rose, I may have to decline that gift.\" Joe Fox quickly removed it, wiped the stem that had been in his mouth, and offered it to me. I happily accepted it and sat down in the chair he had pulled out for me, sitting down after I had made myself comfortable. \"I can't believe how busy it is right now!\" I observe loudly amongst the noise, fidgeting with my necklace. \"Everyone needs their caffeine fix. I hope you don't mind that I talk a little bit of business to you,\" Joe Fox waited for a sign that it was okay to carry on with his point. \"When I was create the blueprints for Fox Books, one of the first things we came up with was a coffee spot. We knew we'd get tons of business selling consumers books and legal, addictive stimulants. I mean, after you buy a good book, don't you just want to sit down with a coffee, open it up, and just enjoy it in a nice coffee shop? This is where most of America's money is going into!\" Joe Fox's eyes seemed to glint with excitement. I couldn't help but smile back at him and chuckle. \"Wow, Joe Fox! This talk of work really gets you going, huh?\" I nod, giving a tinge of sarcasm in my tone. He looked at me, cleared his throat, and adjusted himself in his seat. \"I'm sorry for talking business. It's our second date. We should be getting to know each other more,\" he paused, \"except, I kind of know a lot about you already, being you used to be my worst nemesis.\" Joe Fox looked down at the table and back up at me. Did he not have any remorse? \"Joe, do you really have to go...\" I had begun, but before I knew it, Joe Fox had stood up from his seat, leaned over the table, and kissed me. He actually kissed me! In front of all these people! He stopped and sat back down, \"I had to stop you mid-sentence, before you'd say something that would probably cause us to argue and we'd be right back at square one, ShopGirl.\" He was right. The kiss we had shared wiped any mean, unkind thing I was going to say to him. I sat there with a dreamy expression on my face, my toes curled in my ballet-type slippers. \"So, what am I going to tell Patricia?\" I asked him. He pondered about my question for a minute. Stewing around as if to come up with the answer to a million dollar question. \"Well, you could tell her that you have to get emergency surgery.\" He paused. \"Or, you could say that you had to make nice with one of your worst enemies.\" At that moment, Joe Fox began pointing at himself. I shook my head, looking down at the table and back at Joe. \"You're so...I don't know what you call it! Crazy? Funny? A mixture of both? I can't find the word about you.\" Joe Fox remained smiling at me. Those eyes were tantalizing. Those smile wrinkles on the side of his eyes proved to me that he had shared many good, happy times with many people in his life so far. This was a good sign! \"Well, since you can't think of the word and we've already got your story for Patricia figured out, want to go and catch a movie?\" Out of his jacket pocket, he produced two tickets to see Pride and Prejudice on the big screen. Not the older version, but the new one starring Colin Firth. I smiled, snagging my ticket out of his hand. \"Yes! I'd love to!\" I rejoiced. Joe Fox rose from his seat, held out his hand, and helped me up, pushing my seat in after me. \"But before we go, let's get some coffee! The line conveniently has shortened and we have an hour before the movie.\" We stood in line holding hands the entire way to the barista. I felt like a school girl with her very first boyfriend. Sure, there would be some wrinkles I'd have to iron out with Joe Fox, but I was up for the challenge. We could very well make this romance work! The coins Joe Fox dropped into the tip jar clinked loudly and we were back on the busy streets of New York. This time, Shopgirl and NY152 were no longer walking alone. This would be one of the many walks they'd embark on for the rest of their days together. THE END ","Summary":" The Second (Official) Date By VampyMuseGirl The bustling sounds of New York had awakened Kathleen K"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Close","Author":"TheConjuringMind","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10811343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I Don't Own The Invisible. He was inches away. Just inches . And he couldn't do it. There would be no point in it anyway. It wasn't like she would be able to feel him. He was just a ghost to her. A lurking shadow. A constant reminder of an irreversible mistake. Having him in her head was probably torture enough. Hearing the voice of her victim probably caused more pain than she would admit. Even so, Nick couldn't help but feel the need to at least try and comfort her aching soul. Nick had already opened his heart to forgive her, but he wondered if she would ever forgive herself . Watching her drown in her own sorrow proved to be painful. Annie rolled over from her left side to her right, shifting her position on the gym mat uncomfortably. Nick moved his hand out of her way, still unsure whether or not it would be worth his attempt at comforting her to begin with. Hardly a second passed before he finally decided to place his hand on her arm. It was unexpectedly warm. He hadn't really felt anything before during his time in limbo, so it was odd being able to feel again. But he liked it. It was... nice , to say the least. Annie's eyes flitted open, and he could've sworn she was looking right at him, though he was sure that wasn't possible . ... Or was it? Maybe she could feel his touch, he decided, even if she couldn't see him. Though he would give practically anything for her to be able to see him now. At least then he could let her know that he was alright. That he was there. A single tear slipped down her face, and she managed to shut her eyes once again, allowing sleep to claim her. Nick stared at her for the longest moment, until his own eyelids became heavy, and he let sleep claim him as well. Soon enough, he drifted off into a sea of blackness. Awaiting the sunrise. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I Don't Own The Invisible. He was inches away. Just inches . And he couldn't do it. The"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Hand in Hand","Author":"Kiwien","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6693279","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I am here … With Nick's voice still ringing inside her head, Annie entered the hospital room. Immediately, she saw his broken body. Her eyes fixed upon it, she walked slowly towards the bed, while small drops of blood fell on the soiled floor. To Nick's mother, watching from behind the window, she looked calm and composed, but inside there was a roaring fire of regret and misery. How had it come so far? An innocent boy was dying, and it was all her fault. Mixed emotions fluttered within her stomach like butterflies. A horrible thought hid her: What if he didn't remember? If she would still be exposed to the hatred, he must have been feeling? Then she had only gotten what she deserved, she thought. Annie removed her jacket. Not knowing what to do with herself, she led her bloody hand slide along the bed. Slowly, she touched Nick's arm and felt the bruised and battered skin between her fingers. She leaned forward and whispered, \"I am so sorry, Nick.\" She looked upon his bloody face. All this pain caused by her, just because she didn't know and hadn't cared to find out. \"I didn't see you before. I didn't know you.\" She searched his face for any kind of movement, but found none. A wave of regret hid her so hard it almost made her forget her wound. \"I wish I could take it all back,\" she moaned. Secretly hoping he would believe her. Annie looked down and felt the tears coming from her eyes. \"Nick,\" she cried, \"please, come home.\" Annie . She heard Nick's voice, softly as the wind, inside her head. I'm here, I'm right here . At that moment, she knew she would do anything possible to save him. A sudden impulse made her unleash her precious necklace and carefully place it in his stiff hand. \"Here, Nick\" He deserved it more than she did. She crawled up in the bed and cuddled herself up to his body. She was so tired. Lying side by side, she felt his presence once more. \"Nick.\" She laid her hand upon his. The wound ached painfully, but it didn't matter anymore. All she cared about was Nick. She embraced his presence and closed her eyes. Then she saw him. He was standing next to the bed. His spirit. Annie's soul filled with an instant feeling of relief and happiness. \"I see you, I see you,\" she cried. For the first time, they really saw each other. \"Annie\" He looked sad, she didn't know why. \"Nick\" She rose to face him, wanted to apologies. Then she realized she hadn't left the bed at all, and she understood. \"I am dying\" She realized she was not afraid. It was her punishment for all the terrible deeds. \"Sorry Nick.\" A single tear ran down her cheek, \"I wanted to do one good thing\" His eyes sparkled as he looked at her with compassion, \"You did, Annie, you did\" He stepped back and began to faint, finding his way back to his own body. \"You saved me, you saved me!\" She smiled, she was forgiven. Finally, she had redeemed herself. Now, she could die in peace. \"Goodbye, Nick\" For the first time in her life, she knew she was free. Free to do anything beyond her imagination. \"No,\" Nick reached out for her, but the bed separated them, \"come back with me!\" Annie hesitated, thinking of her father, her boyfriend and the police waiting for her back in the real world. This was her chance to be set free. She turned her eyes upon the invisible sky and imagined the next world, where she could be united with her mother, together at last. Then she felt Nick's gaze upon her. He held his hand out. She made her choice. Without a word, she took his hand. ","Summary":" I am here … With Nick's voice still ringing inside her head, Annie entered the hospital room. Immed"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"How the Heart Heals","Author":"MihoSayuri","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6717901","Passage":"[Chapter 1] but then how this world slipped through my fingers Memories of my few days that I was unseen, unheard, flash through my mind. I remember how angry I was. How much I wanted revenge. and even the sun seemed tired The day passed too quick while I was a spirit. So did the night. The both of us were so tired, throughout the entire time I was gone. I was weak, so was she. But she, both physically and mentally. It didn't take too long. I finally saw her. Saw how the both of us truly were alike. She may have made mistakes. But her soul was more beautiful than anybody could understand; even me. I still cared I remember the night we slept side by side. Her masks gone, her defenses down. That was the night I could see into her soul for the first time; just hours before, while I watched her dance with pure abandon. as they lowered you down, my heart just jaded Now I was here. Your funeral instead of mine. The pain felt as if someone repeatedly stabbed me in the heart. No one could understand why I had compassion for you. Why, for a very short time, I had loved you, and still do. No one ever would. in that moment, the earth made no sound It was painfully quiet, and I could barely watch as your casket finally reached the bottom of the deep hole. My eyes closed. but you were there. And suddenly, the weight I had been carrying, heavy on my heart, since your demise... was gone. you helped me lift my pain into the air. I felt you here. Everywhere. I could even feel the weight lift. A tear slipped down my cheek, and I smiled. Annie... I love you. A brush on my shoulder where the wind blew; in my own journey as a spirit, I knew. It was your hand. ","Summary":" but then how this world slipped through my fingers Memories of my few days that I was unseen, unhea"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Still Invisible","Author":"Megan S Lox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4626476","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Henjust couldn't stop thinking of her. Nick'snmind had been heavy. Heavier then before the…experience. All hencould see was her face, Annie. A sigh escaped his lips. It had beennhere on this very bed that they had looked through his stuff. Thenyearbook was now honored a place on his desk, a bookmark glued to thenpicture of them. Lifenhad gone back to normal, for the rest of them. Pete was stillnsnooping out good deals, and his mom had gone back to her distantnself. The only new in his life was little Victor. Annie's brothernnow his own, and every time he saw those eyes and that hair, henthought of her more. Hennever would forget the life she lived and the torment she causedneveryone else. The torment that reflected her desperation to savenVictor. It had paid off. She had saved them both. Ten years ago tonthis day he had missed her. All those years waiting for hisnsurrogate brother to grow up. Waiting for his dependence on Nick tonleave. And it had. Henreadily shaved his face, and sprayed alittle musk on his neck. Thenscene was set. His blinds closed and the floor cleaned. He didn'tnneed any interventions. He didn't need anytime to think, he'dnhad ten years for that. Hencalmly walked the room. Making sure everything was perfect. Thisnroom looked exactly like the one in his mother's house. In fact itnwas. Everything, bed and all were from that day. Including thenrifle that had belonged to his dad. Today he would finally fulfillnthat attempt, and there'd be no more shit'n this time. He was flesh and he was ready! Draggingnthe weapon out from it's hiding place he admired it's beauty. Henhad played with it many a time. Examining it and testing angles. nNow he placed the barrel firmly under his chin. His trigger fingernhappily found the place of his salvation. Innfew moments he would be with his Damning Annie! ","Summary":" Henjust couldn't stop thinking of her. Nick'snmind had been heavy. Heavier then before the…experien"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"A Whisper","Author":"AMKelley","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9792801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Nick had stumbled through darkness, and mud, and twigs. His battered body bleeding and swelling with bruises. After his disappearance he could do nothing but watch and wait patiently. He felt himself go to all the familiar places. One in particular meant more than others. Nick found himself standing at the foot of Pete's bed. Pete was nearly half asleep, but still awake. \"I'm sorry...\" he heard Pete sob. \"I'm so sorry.\" The word hung heavy in the air. Pete's face was contorted in a pain ridden frown, tears welling up quietly in his eyes. Nick was at the side of the bed, kneeling down in front of Pete's face. \"Pete,\" Nick whispered. \"I'm dying...\" Nick's hand hovered over Pete's face and his lips ghosted over his friend's to plant a tingling phantom kiss. Pete's eyes opened, but no one was there. \"Nick...\" ","Summary":" Nick had stumbled through darkness, and mud, and twigs. His battered body bleeding and swelling wit"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Facing The Future","Author":"Animegirl1129","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3920174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Facing the Future This is from the movie 'The Invisible' and it's slash - be warned now. Nick and Pete aren't mine. Enjoy! \"You still want to go to London?\" The timing was unexpected, the question itself, however, was not. There were two tickets tucked away in his back pack, and he was really hoping his friend would accept. He'd been planning on asking later, when they could be alone, but he needed to know. ","Summary":" Facing the Future This is from the movie 'The Invisible' and it's slash - be warned now. Nick and P"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"This Invisible Feeling","Author":"December-Chylde","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4048511","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is just a little poem that I wrote after I saw The Invisible . I really like that movie now. Thanks K-Man for telling me about it. Otherwise, I'd have probably never seen it. Disclaimer: I own nothing, especially not The Invisible. This Invisible Feeling Silent screams awaken me, From this dream I've been living, Thrusting me into cold reality. Eyes wide open for the first time, Seeing everything as it is, Revealing the truth of this crime. This feeling inside of me, Telling me that you're still here, Yearning to be set free. Your voice ringing in my mind, Screaming and begging for me, To go back and rewind. How I want to take it all back, Every insult, every hit, But I've gone too far off track. Though I threw you into the darkness, I swear on my eternal soul, I will save you from the abyss. So what do you think? Yes? No? Maybe? Well, either way, I hope you all liked it. ","Summary":" This is just a little poem that I wrote after I saw The Invisible . I really like that movie now. T"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Still Invisible2","Author":"Megan S Lox","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4692097","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Annienwalked the hard streets of Burnaby. Everyone thought she was dead. nMaybe that was best. It was sad really, she walked the streetsneveryday and no one recognized her. Not even Nick. No,nshe had past him a multitude of times and not once had he glancednback. Maybe he was too caught up in his own self loathing, to evennspare the girl no the women who had fallen in love with him a singlenacknowledgment! Hernfavorite, signature hoodie was ruined. Now all she had to roam withnwas a t-shirt and jeans. Sometimes, only rarely did she have shoesnor a decent meal. Though it was worth it. Becausenof her two people were alive. Victor had a good home and food everynday. The little boy was growing faster then she was willing tonbelieve. She just wanted to put a brick on his head to keep him hernlittle brother forever. Butnit had been ten years. He was no longer just her little brother. Tonhim she was dead. To him she was just a long gone memory, invisibleneven to the ones who had claimed to love her. Sometimesnlate at night she'd check in on them, just to see what she wasnmissing, it wasn't much. Life carried on without her. Tonightnwould be her last visit. This was her saying goodbye, one last time. Itnwasn't hard to climb to his window. Victor was just as careless asnshe had been, once upon a time. Despite herself, she cracked ansmile. There he was peacefully sleeping in a supped up version ofntheir old room. And there sat his bags. Tomorrow he'd be leavingnfor a University in London. Silentlynshe stepped in. Out of her pocket she pulled what was never foundnafter her 'death'. The pretty jewels she had stolen thatndreadful night. They were his now. She placed it inside with hisnclothes. \" BAM\" Hernhands flew up, shielding her ears from the deafening sound thatnechoed the room. Eyes darted to the still sleeping Victor as hernlegs carried her to the sound's source. There in the familiarnbedroom, rested Nick. Weaknessntook over her as she fell to her knees at his corpse. Why would hendo something like this? She embraced his weighted body and wept intonhis hair. That's when she saw it. Therenat his feet was an airplane, and on it, it read: HeynAnnie! Soon I will glide to you. My heart is open is yours? \" OhnNick if only I hadn't been invisible!\" ","Summary":" Annienwalked the hard streets of Burnaby. Everyone thought she was dead. nMaybe that was best. It w"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Poorly Mended Heart","Author":"Mac-alicious","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6035043","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: This is my first and quite possibly my last. I loved the movie, and was actually pretty content with the ending. However, I wanted to give my take on how it would be if Annie hadn't died. So, that's what this is: a story where Annie doesn't die. So enjoy, R&R.; Thanks. –Mac Disclaimer: I don't own The Invisible. Poorly Mended Heart \" A poorly mended heart can only beat so long.\" Nick was sliding in and out of consciousness—but at least he was back in his body. The doctors explained that the pain killers they had running through his IV were the cause of his constant exhaustion. \"But at least you're not in pain,\" the doctor had added in a cheerful voice, with his fake bedside-manner smile set firmly on his lips. Nick had been used to not feeling pain, not feeling anything really, for some time so the joke was lost on him. Though, from her seat next to his bed, ever vigil now, his mother ventured a short strangled laugh. The doctor cleared his throat to break the awkward silence that ensued before leaving the room. Nick turned his head to stare up at the ceiling—attempting to fight the pull of his drooping eyelids. At least the doctor had been right, Nick felt no pain. The only thing he felt was worry. He had drifted asleep with Annie still curled against his side, not knowing if she was alive, dead, or somewhere in the plane between the two. When he woke up again she was gone. He had begun to panic—causing his heart rate to skyrocket and the machines connected to him to beep themselves into a frenzy. A doctor and nurse were soon standing over him, threatening a sedative if he couldn't calm himself down. Eventually, he was able to convince his mother to explain to him what happened to Annie. Annie had been alive, but just barely. It was rather quite fortunate that doctors had gotten to her in time. She had needed surgery and was rushed away. His mother had asked about her status multiple times and had simply been told that while she made it through surgery, it was still a waiting game. His mother had her room number on a different floor, but as far as she knew thus far, Annie hadn't woken up yet. Nick wanted to visit her right then and there—hoping to do something for her with as much meaning as what she had almost died to do for him. Upon his mother's insistence, he had agreed to postpone a visit until after he had rested up a few more days. In return, she promised to stop in on Annie at least once until he could. His mother followed through, but returned with no new news. Annie was stable, in what they technically considered a coma as she had yet to regain consciousness. She was healing, as he was, and just needed time. His mother didn't want him to visit Annie, he could tell. So he stopped bringing it up after the fourth time he had his mother check on her for him and came back with the same 'no change' report. That calmed his mother some—his constant insistence to see the girl had been fraying her nerves. He had to wait it out if he wanted to ever see Annie. And he did. He didn't get his chance until the day he was released. His mother had left him alone to change into the clothes she had brought him from home, while she finished the paper work to get him released. Nick made quick work of getting dressed—he pulled a sweater over his head and stepped into his shoes. Then he approached the open door of his room. He peeked his head out and glanced in both directions down the hall. Finding it clear, save for one nurse preoccupied at the far end of the hall, he slipped out of his room and in the opposite direction. Nick reached the stairway and took the steps two at a time. He remembered skirting the same path alongside Annie, helping her find him. Now he was only concerned with finding her. Locating her room wasn't too difficult, but he didn't want to be seen going in for a few reasons. One, they had let his mother visit only because when Annie's family was contacted they made it clear they would not be coming in—despite this allowance they weren't likely to want a teenage boy wandering in and out without permission—and two, if anyone saw him, it would be possible for his mother to come and collect him before he had enough time with Annie. So he waited for the hall to mostly clear before he quietly slipped into her room, and closed the door behind him. Nick took in the room as he stepped further inside. Annie looked peaceful as she lay so fragile on the hospital bed. She was hooked up to an IV and a heart monitor, but she was breathing on her own—he figured that had to be a good sign. Her hair was spread out on her pillow with the curls framing her face. The blankets were tucked perfectly over her stomach, and her hands rested palm down on the stiff cotton. He crossed the room and slipped into the single chair beside her bed. He took a deep breath as he reached over to take her hand in his. For a moment, he just watched her—the way her eyelashes rested so still on her cheeks, and the way her chest rose and fell evenly with her breathing. Nick closed his eyes and swallowed down the lump that formed in his throat. His voice was barely more than a whisper when he spoke to her, \"You heard me before Annie…I can only hope you can hear me now. It's time to wake up Annie. You need to wake up. You're needed here. Victor needs you. I need you.\" Nick looked back up at her face. He sighed, \"Annie… please come back. It's time to wake up. You don't get to hide anymore Annie. I've seen you Annie. You can't hide from me Annie.\" He thought maybe he had imagined the way her eyes fluttered after his last words, as her face stilled within a split second. He continued, \"Annie, you've had enough time. Time to wake up now.\" This time he was sure she had stirred. She blinked her eyes a few times before they opened all the way to focus on him. Her hand suddenly tightened in his, no longer limp. Her tongue slipped out to lick her dry lips. Annie took in a deep breath before she whispered with her voice strained and raspy, \"Nick?\" \"I'm here Annie,\" Nick leaned forward. \"Why?\" Annie frowned. Her eyes flicked back and forth trying to search his eyes for the answer. \"Because you saved me Annie,\" Nick smiled, \"I came to show my gratitude.\" \"I put you in that hospital bed, Nick,\" Annie shook her head, \"You were dying Nick…and it was all my fault.\" \"You saved me,\" Nick repeated. \"The rest is in the past. It doesn't matter.\" \"But it does,\" Annie stated firmly. She looked away from Nick, concentrating on the far wall on the opposite side of the room. \"You should go Nick. You'll be better off without ever seeing me again.\" \"Alright,\" Nick used both his hands to push himself up using the arms of his chair. He was halfway to her door when he turned back to say, \"Remember that you almost died to bring me back…I don't think anything matters after that.\" With that, Nick swept out of the room. He didn't even wait to gauge her reaction. He paused at the nearest Nurse's station to say simply, \"Annie Newton is awake.\" He found his mother standing outside his room. She stepped forward and brought her hands up to his face. She brushed his hair out of his eyes, before dropping her hands to brush off his shoulders. Nick eventually had to take her hands and pull them away. He gently guided them back down to her sides. She quirked a half smile as he let out an exasperated, \" Mom .\" \"How is she?\" His mother asked. She had one eyebrow hooked as she looked into his eyes. \"Awake,\" Nick answered simply. Nick went home that day with his mother. He didn't return to the hospital to visit Annie. He knew that she would need to come to him if they were ever to be anything. He couldn't force her to forgive herself. That was something she would need to do on her own. When she was able to do that, then she would come see him. He had to wait for her to be ready. He tried to fill the time with other things—his mother's sudden interest in his interests, the aftermath of Pete's failed suicide attempt, and writing, mostly writing. He spent a lot of time staring out his bedroom window from a seat on the edge of his bed. He remembered watching the life trickle out of the small bird and he is happy to know that neither he nor Annie suffered the same fate. When he began to feel the walls pressing in on him, he left his house to travel to the park Annie was supposed to take Victor. He arrived there, only to find the small boy there by himself. \"Hey,\" Nick called out as he approached the boy. \"Are you supposed to be out here alone?\" Victor only spared him a glance as he fiddled with the wing on his plane, \"My sister Annie was supposed to bring me…but she's in the hospital. She got hurt real bad and she can't come home yet. And my Dad won't let me go see her.\" \"Annie Newton?\" Nick crouched down next to him. \"Yeah…\" Victor finally looked up at Nick. \"How did you know?\" \"I know Annie,\" Nick responded. Victor tilted his head to the side, \"Did she do something bad to you?\" \"No,\" Nick shook his head. \"She did something very good for me. You should be proud of her.\" \"I miss her,\" Victor murmured. \"I know she misses you too,\" Nick replied. \"Hey, this is pretty cool. Can you show me how it flies?\" \"Sure,\" Victor piped up. A small smile formed on his face as Nick helped him get the plane in the air. Nick watched the plane glide through the sky, his thoughts solely on Annie. He remembered watching her in the club—how free and alive she looked, dancing unguarded. That was the Annie he wanted to know. He hoped that one day that would be the side of her she let him see, let the whole world see. Because that Annie was beautiful. He stayed at the park with Victor for awhile, watching the plane fly circles overhead. Then he walked with Victor back to his home. He made sure Victor got in safely, because that was what Annie would want. It wasn't until after Victor was back in the apartment that Nick began his journey back to his own home. As the day drew to a close, he couldn't help but feel that he was close to what he was waiting for, and that brought a smile to his face. When Annie finally came to him, she was healing but still oh so broken—and he was in no way referring to the bullet wound slowly turning into a scar. As he opened his front door wider to let her inside, he took it upon himself to properly put the pieces of her heart back together. He figured maybe that was the key to bring the pieces of his life back together—because they hadn't been falling neatly into place for awhile. Nick knew Annie had to be the first to speak so he silently led her to his room and waited. He sat on the edge of his bed and watched her. She stood with her back to him, with her arms wrapped around herself, and stared out his windows. Night was falling, the sky barely lit by the setting sun. As the last rays departed from the sky, Annie spoke. \"I came here,\" Annie replied, still staring out at the darkness. \"I know. I was with you,\" Nick responded. Annie sighed, \"I could feel you. I could feel you all around me, everywhere I went.\" \"I was following you,\" Nick added simply. \"I could hear you, like whispers in my ears,\" Annie finally turned around. \"That's why you were the only one who could save me…you were the only one who could hear me,\" Nick explained. \"I'm not a good person, Nick,\" Annie said. \"I do bad things. I did bad things to you…I nearly ki—\" \"I forgave you,\" Nick cut her off. \"You've been forgiven. You saved me, I can't be angry at you for anything after that.\" \"But you should be!\" Annie exclaimed. \"I could handle that. I could handle you being angry at me, hating me, and wanting to hurt me…I don't know how to handle you wanting to…\" \"Save you?\" Nick finished for her. Annie closed her eyes against the intensity and sincerity in his voice, \"I don't deserve to be saved.\" \"Everyone deserves a second chance. You gave me mine. Let me give you yours,\" Nick stood up and crossed the room to stand in front of her. He gently trailed his fingers from her shoulders, down her arms, to her hands. He forced her to uncross her arms, so he could take her hands. He softly pressed his open hands against hers and she slowly opened her fists to let her palms and fingers line up against his. Such small hands , he had thought, but he knew they could do their damage when she needed them to. He let his fingers slip between hers, lacing them together as he tightened his grip slightly. He leaned forward, closing their distance between them, and Annie turned her head away from him. Nick let go of her hands and brought his up to push the hair out of her face. He took a single finger, hooking it under hear hair at her forehead and tracing a path down the side of her face, around the shell of her ear, tucking the strands away. His fingers continued down her neck and along the neckline of her shirt before he pulled it away. His mouth was right at her ear, his nose pressed into her hair, when he whispered, \"You saved me Annie, let me save you.\" \"Nick,\" his name came out in a breathy gasp from Annie's lips. \"A poorly mended heart can only beat so long,\" Nick continued, dropping his head into the crook of her neck. He pressed butterfly kisses along her throat until he found the place where her pulse beat out strong. He murmured, with his lips pressed against her skin, \"Let me put you back together.\" \"You can't fix me, Nick,\" Annie said softly. \"I can try,\" Nick responded firmly, \"but you have to let me. You have to want me to.\" \"I…\" Annie began but trailed off with a strangled cry as Nick's hand slid down her side to rest at her hip.\" Nick let go of her other hand as he took a step back. He reached up to grip her chin firmly. He applied gentle pressure until she turned back to look at him. He met her eyes and kept his gaze steady on hers. His hand slipped back across her cheek to brush trough her soft curls. She shivered, and the slight tremble traveled through her body. Annie, as stubborn as ever, met his gaze unflinchingly. \"What do you want from me, Nick,\" Annie breathed. \"I want you to let me in,\" Nick answered, \"I want to help you, but I can't do that if you keep hiding from me.\" \"I'm not hiding. I'm right here,\" Annie replied. Nick quirked a small smile, \"You know what I meant.\" \"Enlighten me, Nick,\" Annie challenged. \"You're broken Annie,\" Nick responded simply. When she tried to pull away, he tightened his grip on her to keep her in place. He took her face in both his hands to keep her eyes on his as he repeated, \"You're broken , Annie. Until you accept that you let me see the pieces, I can't help you. I can't make you better. You have to let me in. You have to let me see .\" Annie struggled with him, trying to push his hands off of her, but he held strong. Nick wouldn't give up any more ground than she would. She fought him, pushed, shoved, and scratched. He stood immobile, unmovable, and soon enough her strength drained out of her, her movements weakened. Then suddenly, she was stumbling forward against his chest. Her body sunk into his. He wrapped his arms around her tightly, to hug her close. He could feel her body shaking with quiet sobs. \"Shhh,\" Nick soothed as he stroked her hair with on hand. \"It's going to be okay. I'm here. I'm right here.\" That night she slept curled in a ball on one side of his bed. He lay next to her, propped up on one elbow. It was reminiscent of the night he spent in their school gym with her. Only this time, he could actually touch her and when he ran his hand over her, he could feel the curves of her body under his fingertips. She stirred at his delicate touch, turning her body to lean into him. Nick paused his hand, hovering barely an inch over her body as she changed her position. She had completely flipped over to face him. She inched closer until she pressed against his body. Nick remained still as she slowly unwound her arms from around her body and slipped them around him. She pulled him closer, her head fitting perfectly in the expanse between his neck and shoulder. He smiled softly to himself. He slowly moved to lie on his back, pulling her with him. She adjusted again, nestling closer to him, curling her body around his. He wrapped his arms around her. And with the warmth of her body pressed against his side, anchoring him to reality, he drifted off to sleep. Nick woke the next morning, with sunlight draped over his room. Annie was already awake, leaning over him, one hand absentmindedly tracing circles on his chest. She smiled softly as he blinked her face into focus. \"Good morning,\" She whispered. Nick yawned slightly, \"Morning.\" \"Can I ask you something?\" Annie said with her eyes intense on his. \"Anything,\" Nick responded immediately. Annie glanced down at her hand, now picking at imaginary lint she found on his shirt. She radiated nervousness and it sunk into Nick's skin. Finally she asked, \"Do you think you could make me whole again?\" \"I think we can make each other whole again,\" Nick answered, one hand softly stroking her hair back. \"I think, in the end, we'll both come out of this more whole than ever before.\" \"I can trust you to do that?\" Annie murmured. \"Or die trying,\" Nick joked, a smile forming on his lips. \"Not funny,\" Annie pushed his hand away playfully. \"Annie Newton,\" Nick said seriously. \"I want nothing more than to help you piece yourself back together. You have my word, that I will do everything in my power to do that. Starting with convincing my mother to let you stay here until you are fully recovered.\" \"Nick, I couldn't possibly…\" Annie shook her head. \"That place you've called home is not conducive to healing. I can't let you live there anymore. They've broken you enough,\" Nick cut her off, his voice firm. This condition was nonnegotiable. \"What about Victor?\" Annie questioned. \"He can stay here too,\" Nick answered. \"You make it sound so simple,\" Annie responded. \"It can't be that simple…\" \"I will make it that simple,\" Nick corrected. \"You have to trust me Annie.\" \"I do,\" Annie said after a long moment of silence, \"I do trust you, Nick.\" She raised her eyes to meet his and they shared a small smile. Annie suddenly dipped her head, pressing a brief kiss to Nick's lips. She pulled back searching his eyes. Time stood on end. She feared she had made a critical mistake, a crucial misjudgment. Then Nick smiled widely, one of his hands finding her cheek to draw her back down for another, deeper kiss. His lips melded with hers and his hand tangled in her hair. It wasn't long, or particularly passionate—it was practically platonic compared to some of the things she had done—but it took her breath away. \"See? Simple . One of the pieces has already fallen into place,\" Nick whispered, his forehead resting against hers. ","Summary":" A/N: This is my first and quite possibly my last. I loved the movie, and was actually pretty conten"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"To Live","Author":"Living.By.Will","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4195964","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Alright I don't know about you but I didn't like how the Invisible ended. I can understand why they killed her but I still wish she hadn't. So, I'm going to put a new ending on this movie! I hope you like it!! Annie knew she was going to die; it was just a matter of time. She had tried to kill an innocent man, shot and killed her boyfriend, and threatened countless others. If there was a God, she thought, he was probably not going to forgive her and let her live, or go to Heaven. She didn't deserve it. But she had conflicting thoughts. On the one hand, she thought her time had come. She had done her one good deed. It was her fault that Nick ended up where he did, but she had set her wrong right. She was ready to go. To leave the pain, the sorrow, all the stuff she didn't really want to deal with anymore. On the other hand, Annie would miss her brother. She didn't want to leave him with her uncaring dad and his ungrateful wife. Who knows what they would do with him. He was one of the only people she ever really loved. And then there was Nick. She still didn't quite believe that he forgave her for what she did. She had very near killed him, after all. She wanted to know why though. She wanted to figure him out. He wasn't who she thought he was. And so her mind fought. To live or not to live, that was the question. Ok so I know it probably sucks, but it's just the introductory. Tell me if you like it and I should keep going! Pretty Please ?? ","Summary":" Alright I don't know about you but I didn't like how the Invisible ended. I can understand why they"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"to save a life","Author":"Robin Silverman","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4827706","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She watched from thenclouds, as the plane flewnthrough the air, over the river. She watched As Nick, pulled out hisnpermanent marker, and rote on the plane. She couldn't make outnthe words, Until the plane flewnhigh in the sky. But she saw them And she laughed Tears filling her eyes She was ready to leavennow Ready to move on But first She watched on lastntime As Nick and Victor Walked away Down the path To a safer place She watched as hernbrother Took nicks hand, as they walked awayntogether. As their lives changednforever She liked to think shendid a good thing Before she died She liked to think shensaved a life She didn't knownwhere'd she go But she knew It was worth it To save a life. ","Summary":" She watched from thenclouds, as the plane flewnthrough the air, over the river. She watched As Nick"},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"The September Before the Last","Author":"Mischievous-Bone-Marrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7621850","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last I shouldn't be alive. I should be dead. Just like the rest of their victims. Those sick monsters' that kill without remorse or even a second thought… Three Finger, Saw Tooth, and One Eye are way more terrifying than Satan himself. By now, I know almost every single way to kill and eat humans. I am untouched here…The asylum isn't at all and shouldn't be considered a home to me, even though I've lived here all these years. Alone and yet not. These creatures know I'm here, they have since…what they caused. I know nothing of Saw Tooth or One Eye's past. But Three Finger's has everything to do with mine. Joshua was born a cannibal and will stay that way for the rest of eternity. My mother was raped seven years before she had me, by my uncle. (Pa told me so) When she was six months pregnant with my older brother, she got into a car wreck. The doctors told us the baby was fine. Liars… My baby brother, Joshua, Three Finger… was born…a mutant…inbred…cannibal… freak… Our mother died when I was only a year old, he eight. Since we lived in the woods, hidden from civilization, it was kind of difficult to escape. From birth he couldn't talk only grunt, groan, and laugh that sinister laugh. Three months into living alone with him he ate his own finger. Even though he was a complete psycho, I still love my brother. Not even a month later, they were able to escape. All of them . I've been here since I was 15 years old, when Pa gave me to him because he was getting too old to care for me. Yay… I don't know what the date is or anything, and I haven't spoken English to anyone since Pa lemme go. My luck had run up as a few years ago …until a group of college kids came…[Chapter 2] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last I They went looking for food very early this morning. Wouldn't be back til late; it usually takes them all day to find someone…I am told…more like gestured/grunted at that if ever people were to come that I would wear a red knee high sparkly dress that someone would wear to prom (One of their earlier victims) and have blood basically dripping from my face, arm's, knee's, etc… I took a nap later in the day and didn't wake til dark, even though I basically live with cannibals, the sanatorium is scary sometimes. With or without them hanging about. It was really late when I heard the doors open. It wasn't who I thought would it'd be. A group of nine college kids came, wandering around looking for a place stay. They hadn't found me, I was pondering the idea of telling them to 'get the fuck outta here'…but, I'm kind of a chicken shit and I knew if I told them I'd probably be dead as well. I don't know but…shit… I just happened to look out the window, and they're back…with their latest kill. Only problem is, I sleep/live on the other side of the building, so they'll figure out faster than I'll be able to tell.[Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last II The power came on a little while ago. It doesn't help the fact at all that I heard footsteps… Thump…scuff… thud… I slowly make my way to the door and look out. I could see it was only two shadowy figures. As they got closer I could tell who they were. Exactly who they were. One eye was just treading along. While Three Finger was basically skipping and laughing. I sighed and went back in the room and sat on the couch, waiting for them to approach the doorway. No doubt about it, they had been successful in killing. They're clothes were covered in blood; it was dripping from their shirts, all the way down to their shoes. They were both giving the slasher smile when they entered. I had nothing but a blank face on. Out of the blue, One Eye started grunting at Three Finger; he laughed and nodded his head. All of a sudden Three Finger came up in front of me and pulled me up by the arm and dragged me out the door and pointed in a direction. He then shoved me towards it and started grunting at me. He wanted me to go and mess around with the new comers… One Eye just watched in anticipation. I have absolutely no desire to medal in their affairs. I slowly shook my head. They weren't pleased. One Eye walked towards me and pulled a knife out of his pocket. I was paralyzed in fear. The bastard slashed a six inch gash down my arm. Three Finger then skipped up and took my bleeding arm and licked it. I yanked it back and began sprinting in the direction as told. I could hear their sinister laughs as I started to run, clutching my wounded arm… Well I managed to disturb myself by putting in the licking part. xD!11[Chapter 4] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last III Laughter. Laughter from people my own age. I was watching them from a window where I could see them but they can't see me. They were dancing, chanting lyrics to songs and rolling around in some of the old wheel chairs. The thought of what life was like outside these stone walls was unbearable…I'm now desperate to think of escape. After all these years, I need to get out. I'm only nineteen and I feel a lot older than I should. I was about to turn around when I saw another figure behind me. Only One Eye staring through the glass to. His face looked like it had no emotion (well except for blood lust that is…) he looked at me, rolled his eye and walked away. Suddenly the room I was watching was empty. About an hour and a half later, I was creeping down the hall way barefoot not even making a sound. The rooms were filled with sleeping versions of people. Except for one room which I basically ran past. Two girl were touching each other. I counted about eight of them. I walked further down the corridor until I heard a voice. I been hiding in a room and poking my head out to see who it was. It was a boy. He was maybe about the same height as Three Finger…so abou 5'10. He was talking to…the corpse that they brought in! I was about to yell and open my mouth when I saw Saw Tooth show up from nowhere behind him. The boy turned around and Saw Tooth shoved a knife up through his nose and through his head. Fuck. I saw him drag the body away. I stayed in that room til morning. Waiting by the side of the door, where I could see people walk by but no one could see me. I saw about four or five of the men and women walk by yelling the name 'Vincent'…[Chapter 5] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last IV I followed them until I saw them in the auditorium with a few more of their friends. I guess its time to make my appearance. I walked from behind the curtain and off the stage. The boy with the t-shirt on yelled \"What the fuck!\" I must've forgot I was wearing a bloody dress, and I had a nice slice on my arm… I stuttered a bit and finally spoke. \"Y-you guys have to get out of here or-\" a girl in a yellow sweater came running out and yelled \"They're gonna kill us all!\" Then a tied up jacket with a 'present' came flying out from close to where I was standing. \"That looks like Porter's Jacket…\" A girl in a blue sweater said. \"That is Porter's jacket…\" the same boy said. She hesitantly walked forward and untied it and screamed. It was the served head of what they killed last night. Thy all screamed bloody murder. I saw barbed wire fall down from the stairs and a girl was backing into it… \"Hey watch out for the-\" I was o late it was already around her neck and pulling her up. It was becoming a bloody mess. As soon as the others heard my voice, they turned around and screamed. A tall boy in a purple shirt began pulling on her legs. My brother and his friends bean laughing. Soon enough she was dead and her head popped off. They all left and ran out the door into the freezing cold. I looked up and saw my\"family\" gone. I was alone again.[Chapter 6] Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Before the Last VI I can still hear their screams of terror, none of them knowing what to do. All their chances of escape are basically lost. Heh…sucks to be them. Since their little 'tantrum', they've come back inside. They should be safe for a while…I think? I have no idea where they've gone too. I guess it's time I paid a better visit too tonight's game… I've located their hiding place in Dr. Ryan's room. Defiantly NOT the best place to be hiding. Its way too fucking easy! I walked up slowly to the door, the icy floor sending chills up my bare feet. I made a couple of rapping sounds at the door. First thing I hear is a shrill girls voice yell \" STAY THE FUCK AWAY FROM US!\" Enough to make me stand back. The door knob is locked, so I used my voice instead. \"Help…me…\" No way could they ignore the sound of someone suffering. If they do then… their just heartless assholes.[Chapter 7] The September Before the Last VII \"Without fear there cannot be courage.\" Is what I was once told, by who I cannot recall? But in the matter at hand courage doesn't exist. I wait silently for the door to open. I hear the lock slowly unlatch and see a single eye poke out from the tiny open crack. The door then opens wide, a man much taller than myself caked in blood brushes a hand down his sweating face and says, \"Oh thank god, it's not one of those fuckers!\" He gives a sigh of relief. There's a girl by the window in tears and there's five others, they all look aware of their impending doom. The man drenched in blood moves a chair under the door knob. There all silent until he mentions the basement, it was filled with 'tools' from when the asylum was running. An argument broke on if they would leave or not. \"You girls stay here me and Daniel will go.\" It ended up being them and another girl. With just their luck they'd run into my brother and be eaten alive… literally. It's been awhile since they left. I've been left here with dessert, Kenya, Bridget and Jenna. Not much is said, they're too busy wallowing in fear of death and of their friends return. I heard that sinister laugh only moments ago, something's happening. I turned to look at the girls, it doesn't seem like they heard. …. There was a knock at the door. \"Kyle…is that you?\" BANG. There's a weapon I haven't yet seen before. \"Son of a fuck!\" I yelled, I hear the laugh of One Eye. You Idiot! He grabbed Kenya's head through the door, slamming it over and over. Me and Jenna went over and tried to pry his hands off her, Bridget found a letter opener and stabbed him over, and over again. The fun's only just begun. HUZZAH CHAPTER 7 IS DONE ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own any of the characters 'cept for the one's I created. :3 The September Befo"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Why?","Author":"joyincreation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3526512","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: At first I wasngoing to just change Annie dying but now I'm going to change more,nthis starts off when Annie and Nick are sleeping on the mats. That'snall I really have to say I guess, nothing else has changed but itnwill from now on. Oh and if you have no clue what I'm talking aboutnthen perhaps you need to go back a page and read the summary. IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII \"Annie,\" NicknPowell whispered softly to Annie. She turned around to face hisnno-existent form. \"Annie, you need to tell them where my body is…Inlove you.\" At those words thatnNick knew she could hear, but still wasn't certain that she did,nAnnie looked up and whispered to Nick something she had only said tonher little brother Victor, and her mom. \"I love you too, Nick.\" Nick sat back andnlooked at her. He had known since she beat him up at school that shenwas different. He wasn't quite sure how until he saw her at thenclub when she was dancing. She had taken off her jacket and hat, andnall that was left in a crowd full of people was a beautiful girl thatnwas extremely lost; Nick knew the feeling. She had let down her hairnand that's when Nick knew that he loved her, she was unprotectednand vulnerable for the first time in front of anyone. He had seen thenway she acted with her brother she was more like a mom than a sister.nShe talked to him and cared for him, like a mom. \"Then you have tontell them where my body is…\" Nick said before pushing back hernhair from her face, even though he knew it wouldn't stay. Shendrifted off to sleep, and so did Nick thinking about how ironic itnwas that he was in love, for the first time ever, with the girl thatnhad almost killed him. He had called her broken and he meant it, shenwas broken but she was slowly starting to come back together. Nick thought aboutnthese things, how she was the only one who could hear him, how it wasnironic how similar they were and how she was probably the only personnthat could truly save him. He could save her as well though, he couldnheal her, the emotional damage of losing your mom, and not even beingnable to mourn because someone had to take care of her brother. Hencould finally give her someone to trust, someone that wouldn't hurtnher. Slowly he drifted offnto sleep, just thinking how he had to get Annie to save him,notherwise who would save her? IIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII When Nick woke up Annienwas still sleeping it was just before dawn, but the almost dead don'tnreally need to sleep much, because well their body isn't movingnjust their mind is. He looked down and saw her stir, she wasnunguarded again, like she was in the club, right before she fellnasleep, and while she was sleeping. He wished he could keep her likenthis, he wished he could keep her unafraid. Most of the time whennpeople looked at her they mistook her guarded alertness fornfearlessness but Nick knew better, she was scared. She was scared ofnwhat people would think of her if she wasn't tough, she was scarednof what would happen to Victor if she couldn't bully her step momnin to taking care of him. Mostly she was scared of feeling because ifnshe felt then, the pain of her mother, her brother, and even her selfnwould come rushing back in. \"Annie,\" Nicknwhispered hoping to wake her gently. When Annie did wake shenimmediately looked around and seeing as it was daylight already tooknoff running, hoping not to get caught sleeping in the school. Nicknran after and saw that she ended up at his house, she unlocked thendoor with her knife and slowly went upstairs and went straight to hisnbedroom. \"Why are we herenAnnie?\" Nick said gently trying to get an answer, he was dying andnshe was in his bedroom. \"I don't have much time left.\" Annie ignored Nick andnlooked around his room, she read through his poems and looked at hisnpictures. Finally she laid on his bed and stared up at the ceiling,nand smiled. Nick stared at her, a beautiful girl was lying on hisnbed, a beautiful girl that he loved. That's when Nicks momnwalked in, Annie didn't notice for a while, for she still had hernguard down since the Club. When she finally saw her, she bolted. Nicknwas breathing hard just trying to keep her in sight. When she finallynslowed down Nick noticed that they were in the woods were they leftnhim, she was trying to find his body. Annie walked straightnto the storm drain and tried to get it open. Nick helped and whennthey finally had the cover off they found Nick's body… A/N: could it be foundnNick's body no where to be found, or Nick's body badly bruised.nCome on I could have done the whole butterfly effect thing and madenhis body still be there you don't know… anywho, please review itnwill spark my creative juices and make me update I promise. ","Summary":" A/N: At first I wasngoing to just change Annie dying but now I'm going to change more,nthis starts "},{"Movie":"Wrong Turn","Title":"Family portrait","Author":"ilovefanfic102","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10818111","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This is my first wrong turn story I hope you like it. please r and r I am sorry :( I am not going to do the people good I am trying. And stevieLUVSAlex helped me with the name and the title for the story. She also edit for me too :) thank you so much I am setting this in the six movie with some charges to it though out the story and movie. So it's going to be different than the movie. Bayla packed her bag. She was going with her half-brother, Danny, to his family's house. He'd received a letter saying he had a family and he'd been invited to a hotel to meet up with them. He was taking his friends, ones that Bayla couldn't stand. She didn't like his friends at all, or his girlfriend for that matter. The girlfriend was far too irritating. She acted more like a mother than a girlfriend, demanding what he could and couldn't do with his own time. They took two cars. She took the car with put her brother because there was know room. Bayla slipped into the black car beside one his friends. She sighed and took out her cell phone, placing her headphones in her ears to drown them out. After a while the tire went flat. Bayla got out and went over to the tree, watching them from afar as she listened to her cell blaring in her ears. The boys manage to change the tire without too much fuss and they all climb back into the car and drive to the motel. Danny's pulled the car to a stop and Bayla was the first one to climb out. Why had she come? She hated these people. She looked at her brother and saw some people Bayla noticed Danny's girlfriend pulling him by the arm, and she lingered behind them. She walked with them into the lobby. Bayla pulled out her earphones and shoved her phone back into her pocket. She could hear Danny's friends talking amongst themselves, she couldn't decipher what they were saying, except that they were talking about Sally and Jackson, and that they were cousins or perhaps they were brother and sister, Bayla wasn't listening too closely. Bayla didn't talk to any of them, she just silently listened. Then Sally announced to everyone that she and Jackson were in fact brother and sister. They the two of them led the rest of the group to a room with a big long table, and began chatting about the place. Bayla looked at them and snapped, her defences rising. \"Stop ganging up on my brother.\" They looked at her and stopped talking. After a while they all began pairing off, each heading in a different direction. Bayla pulled her cell phone out and returned her earphones, drowning them out again. They all met up again sometime later, when one of Danny's friends had found Hot Water Springs and suggested they all go skinny dipping. Bayla tagged along with Jackson, carrying her own bags to the room that he showed her. It was big and old-fashioned and the double bed looked comfortable. \"Thanks, Jackson.\" He nodded at her. \"Oh, and I'm sorry for them. I hate my brother's friends.\" He frowned. \"Brother?\" Bayla thought he knew. \"Yeah,\" she nodded. \"Danny is my brother. Well, my half-brother to be exact.\" He looked at her and nodded. \"If you need anything else just call me,\" Jackson said and walked out of the room, leaving her alone. Bayla changed into her pyjamas and went to bed. The next morning she walked the halls with her brother. She and Danny stopped to look at the pictures of his family. \"Danny, these people are your family.\" He slipped an arm around her shoulder and pulled her into a side hug. \"You're my family too.\" \"I know I am your sister. But it's great that you are seeing your family. I just wish they would like me too, you know...\" she sighed and glanced at the pictures. They heard someone approaching. \"Danny, we have been looking everywhere for you,\" Danny's girlfriend said. Bayla rolled her eyes and looked away. It seemed that she couldn't spend any time with her brother without someone else competing for his attention. Jackson came along and showed her another room in the building, which Bayla was grateful for. There was nothing worse than feeling like a third wheel. Looking around, Danny pointed out a bow and arrow. Bayla picked it up and glanced at it. \"You like it?\" he asked her. \"Yeah. I only took a class on it at school. We never went hunting before though.\" \"It was your fathers,\" Jackson told Danny as he stepped up beside him. Bayla handed it to her brother and watched him. His girlfriend didn't want him to go hunting; she didn't want him to do anything. But despite her whining, Jackson took Danny into the woods to hunt. Bayla was outside with the others when some of his friends returned. They talked about a missing old lady, and Danny' girlfriend told Bayla to go after her brother. They walked and then Bayla heard something. A snap of a twig perhaps or... no, something else. The sound of dogs eating. They walked up and saw a guy gearing a deer. Bayla's eyes widened with horror and gasped, and the guy took off running. Bayla went to run away when she felt a hand over her mouth. She was dragged into the woods.[Chapter 2] Three fringes is going to look like the first movie in this part of the story so far. Saw- tooth and one eye is going to look like in the 5 movie they look younger in this one. Bayla woke up to someone touching her cheek. She looked around she couldn't see that good. Her eye sight was off and blurry. She felt her legs and arms down. She couldn't move them. She had chains around them and was tired up to a bed. She looked around and she felt a rag in her month so if she did yell out it would be muffled. She then looked up and saw the guy that was rubbing her cheek. She looked at him with wide eyes. She just saw him but couldn't really see him. She closed her eyes and moved her eyes trying to see. After a while she opens her eyes and looked around and then she saw him her eyes went to fear. She was scared and she couldn't yell out by the fear. Her heart started to race fast and beat loudly. It was a quit room and all she could here was her heart. he just watched her. Jackson told them about one of the girls being Danny's sister and he didn't know which one so he was holing her until they knew. She was pretty laying there. He knew his family only sleeps with their family but he never did. He was just born and never did. Him or his other two brothers. He watches her and smiled to himself. She was pretty not like the other girls he had killed just off the bat. She didn't look like the others. he sat in a chair on the other side of the room and just watches her. he hope this was the girl that was related to Danny. He didn't want to kill her. Just then the door opens and his brothers came in and looked at him and the girl. They went to the girl and he got up and pulled them away. He had to see if this was the girl. Even if it wasnted then he still wanted to keep her. He did his talking to this brothers telling them to leave her alone. Bayla watched them scared. She didn't know what they wanted with her. she watches the blonde hair guy pull away the other too and talk to them but it wasn't words Just sounds. She watches them. She saw they could understand each other with out words. She watches the other two walk out and shuts the door. The blonde hair guy looked at her then went out the door with them. She tried to get her held and arms put if the chains but it was no use. night time came and the guy came back and he puts his pointer finger to his lips to tell her not to yell. She nodded and he untied her and then took the rag form her mouth. Shs sat up and rubbed her wrist and looked at him. It was useless to run she thought. The other two would be outside the door waiting for her. he watches her then went to the sink and got some water for her and took the glass to her. She took it and drinks it fast. She watches him then he brings over a plate. She got off the table and sat in the chair and looked at the food. He nods to her and she ate it hungry. it didn't tase like any meat she ever tased but she ate it hungry. \" what's your name ?\" She ask him taking a breathe form the food and looked at him. He held his hand and she saw he only had three fingers. \" three finger?\" She asked. He nods and sat next to her. Then pointed at her. \" I am bayla. \" she said and ate some more of the food and drinks the water. \" are you related to Sally and Jackson ?\" She asked him. He nods then knew she was the girl that was Danny's sister. He smiled and reached out and pulled her hair out of her face and puts it behide her ear. she watches him sacred to move when he touched her. He scared the crap out of her. If she tried to run he would just kill her or the other two would be out the house waiting for her. She watches all kinds of horror movies and yelled at the tv when the girl or guy was stuip for doing what she thought of doing. So she just wast there frozen and watches him. If he knew Sally and Jackson then he could be their family Which made him relater to her brother. \" what do you want form me ?\" She asked him. He just watches her not speaking. She looked away wanting to see Danny again. He just watches her. He couldn't use real words just sounds. She would have to get to know him on his sounds. He really never felt this way about any girls Not even family. The rule was keep it in the family to pure their blood but she was Danny's half sister which worked for him. after a while he got up a while later. He went to the window to see Sally and Jackson coming with Danny to show him to the family. He looked at her. He didn't want to scare her. bayla got up to see what he was looking at and saw them. She smiled \" Danny \". She went to go when he grabbed her and pulled her away form the door and made a sound telling her don't. He then took her to the bedroom and locked the door. He went out To the family.[Chapter 3] She sits on the bed and hears yelling and laughing. She went to a small window and looked out. He must had thought she couldn't reach the window. She had pulled the nightstand to the window to see out. She saw a lot of people and her brother with Sally and Jackson stilling on a log by A fire. She looked around at the family and saw them all deformed like the three she saw but some of them were worse. She just watches with wide eyes. She didn't know what to think. she saw Sally give danny a cup of something. She listens to what Sally jackson say to Danny. About the family being pure they stick to their own. her heart beats fast. Then what were they going to so with her? She thinks. She then saw what she didn't see what she thought he was saving her form seeing. One of Danny's friends was dragged to them. One of the ones she saw earlier one of the brothers . She then saw three finger gut him like a deer. She watches them all with horror as they began to drinks and she watches three finger get some of the guts out and the one of the family ate it . She puts her hand to her mouth then she saw her brother drink some of the blood as well. She then knew what they had fed her. when she got done getting sick. She got up and then looked around for away out but there wasn't one. She lays on the bed sick. She held herself. The next morning she hears the door open and she then looked at three finger with fear. \" you eat people !\" She yelled at him and went to the far side of the room. She watches him and he went to go to her when she rolled on the bed and ran out of the room and out the back door. She ran into the woods and back to the hotel. When she got into the hotel she started packing her bag scared. She had lost her brother and she didn't know if she was safe or not Now. She then hears a knock on the floor but she didn't Ito to it. She had to get out of there. She then hears yelling at Danny. All was left was tony , and her brother and one other friend She listens to fight talking about the guy three finger killed. She watches them and saw Tony and them go to a smell. She already knew what it was. a while later she hears yelling. She then hears three fingers giggling. And new they were after them. she had to make a choice help them and die or help Danny's family and maybe live. or just stay out of it and let them kill them. She then ran and then saw tony and Sally. They talked and then she hears Sally was having Danny's baby she thought. Tony didn't like it and they started to fight. She then ran in and broke it up Before tony could put Sally's face in some hot Water. tony looked then picked up the shotgun she had and pointed at Sally and bayla. they looked at her then Danny comes and takes the gun away form tony. bayla watches them and Jackson grabbed tony form behind with a knife to her throat. Danny told him no jaskson wasn't having it. Danny said he would kill her and he nods and pushes her to Danny. Danny lets her go and she ran. jaskson ran after her and she killed jasokson with some keys. She then grabbed bayla. And tried to get danny to come with her. \" let her go tony \" Danny said. \" no she is my key out of this place \" she held her close and held the keys to her cheek . She backed up and they held laughing and bayla knew who it was. Bayla then kicked tony in the leg and moved fast and got out of her hold just as three fingers brings down a knife on tony. Bayla watches still scared of him and backed away form him. \" what are we going to do with her ?\" Sally asked Danny. \" she is going to stay here with us Sally. She is my sister. \" Sally looked at them. \" she is your sister ?\" He nods. \" yes \". They thought jaskson told her \" I am not going to eat people like you guys do. I want no apart of it \" bayla told them. \" I will hunt animals for me to eat \" she told them then walked out of the room and went to her room. She meant it. She sat on the bed and sighed. Three finger followed her. She watches her go to her room and sit on the bed. He crossed his arms and then went to her. He sat on the bed and looked at her. he pulled out his knife And showed it to her. He pointed to him then the knife to tell her he would help her hunt for food since he knew she never hunted before. She looked at him \" why do you care ?\" She asked him. He reaches out and touched her cheek. He never felt anything like this ever she watched him and moved his hand off her cheek. She then got up and went to the window. He got up and walked to her and kissed the back of her head. He wanted her to trust him and fell safe around him. he wrapped his arms around her and looked out the window as well. She then looked at him. \" when can you reach me how to hunt ?\" She asked him. He looked at her and pointed to the sun that was about to go down. \" so tomorrow ?\" She asked him. He nods and lets her go so she can sleep. \" you will not hurt me ... Will you ?\" She asked him. He looked at her and nods. He wound hurt her. That's the only person he could say that two other than family.\" Thank you for saving me \" she said to him. He looked at her and nods. He walked out shutting the door. She got into bed and went to sleep. It was a long day.[Chapter 4] yes this is set in the 6 movie then I will go to the others later on I had to do some of the chs on my cell and it was missing up and also my table does too sorry but I hope you like it. Ch 4 She woke up in a cold sweet. It was still dark out. She was having nightmares about what happen. She couldn't get it out of her head. Seeing three finger killing Vick and tony. He did safe her though with tony. She could had killed her. She got up and went to the bathroom and washes her face with warm water. She then takes off her cloths because they where wet with her sweet. She then got into the shower And washed up. When she was done washing up she just stood under the water with a sigh. She closed her eyes and just saw three finger killing them. She watches as he gutted Vick like a deer and all the family going crazy and drinking the blood that came down. She shocked her head and got the flasheback out of her head then she turns off the shower and dried off. She walked to the bed and got dressed in black shorts and a black t- shirt. She then went to the kitchen to get something to eat and stopes when she smells food cooking. She hides at the wall and watches and then saw three finger. She stopped and watched him cook some meat. It didn't smell like what Jackson had cooked a while ago. She looked behind him and saw a freshy killed deer. She then looked at him. He had went hurting for her ? She thought to herself. She just watches him still scared of him. She really didn't know if she was safe with him. He smiled to himself. He knew she was there. He smelled her green apple shampoo. He liked the smell on her. When the meat was done he put it on a plate and puts some greenbeans and mash potatoes on the plate for her. He then truns and smiled at her. He held the plate out to her. She looked at him and smiled only a little and took the plate and glass of water he held out for her. He then took her to the big table and sat down with her. She started to eat the deer meat and smiled. She looked at him \" why did you go hurting ?\" She asked him. She thought he would had took her to show her how. He looked at her and watched her eat. He then puts his hand on her belly and looked at her then took it away. Telling her that he knew she would be hungry and she couldn't hunt on a empty stomach on the first try. She sighed and then just ate her food. He's cooking was good. The meat was cooked really good. She smiled then reaches out her free hand and took his hand in hers. \" thank you \" she said. Knowing he didn't have to do this for her. He watches her and then kissed her hand. No one had ever thanked him before for anything. He liked it. He smiled at her showing his teeth that wasn't like a nomal human was. Seeing this side of him was nice. She liked this side of him. She smiled at him and then looked down and started to eat again. She didn't know how long Sally would keep her alive. She saved Sally why was she liked that ? She sighed some and just ate her food. When she was done she took her plate and glass to the kitchen and looked at the deer. She looked at it how it was skined. She would have to lean how to hunt and skin her food. She then felt a kiss on the back of her head. She looked at three finger. \" will you teach me ?\" She asked him. He nods and then kissed her forhead. He wanted to please her. He wanted to have a family with her. He then took her hand and took her to her room. He sat her down on her bed watching him deeply in the eyes. His heart races She looked up at him and held his eyes. Her heart raced just like his and smiled some. She watches as he then went to a chair in the room and sat down. She then lays back in the bed an closed her eyes. She then went back to sleep. She dreams about him all night. Dream. She sighed then went out if the hotel in the woods. She walked for a long while and stopped when she saw the houses. She sighed and then walked and saw the house she was tied up in. She opens the door and looked around. She opens the bedroom door and saw three finger sleeping. She smiled some and then went in and closed the door. She got into the bed with him and lays down. She smiled and touched his cheek and then leans in and kissed him. She then felt his lips move with hers his hand went to her cheek. He pulled her onto him as they kissed. End She then sat up in the bed and looked around with a sigh. She didn't know what this meant. She then got up out of bed and went to the lobby. She went to her brother and smiled some. \" hey \" He hugged her and smiled \" hey there \" he looked at her. \" I need to you work the desk. She looked at him then hears a door close. She nods and then went to the deck and checked in people. Danny opened the hotel to a wright watches. When she was done she went to the kitchen and saw three fringer and his two brothers at a meat grinder. She new it was human and saw him eat some of it then look at her. It made her a little sick but she went to him and sat down next to him and looked at his brothers. One - eye and saw tooth looked at her and then at three finger. She wanted to get along with his brothers so she would know she was safe. She looked at three finger. \" can you teach how to fight just in case I need it... I don't want what happen with tony happen again. .. What if you and your brothers where not there to help me ...?\" He looked at his brothers and then back at her and nodes. He got up and took her to the woods with them. He looked at her then looked at his brother and they showed her some moves. They started to play out a fight. She watched them how they moved. He then looked at her when they where done. She went to him and he told her to come at him. She then started to kick him when he grabbed her leg and smiled. He then started to play fight with her like cat play. She smiled and then he grabbed her with her back to him and held her close to him she looked at him and breathes hard. She felt his breathing and he then lets her go and watches her. She then started to fight with him not wanted to hurt him. he watches her as they play fight. he then lets her pins him down on the ground. He smiled up at her then rolled them over and he pins her down on the ground and laughed his laugh She looked up at him and smiled His laugh was creepy and funny at the same time. he then lets her upand watches her. She looked at his brothers. They came behind her and then she started to fight moves like three finger showed her. One- eye grabbed her form behind and saw - tooth grabbed her legs and three finger brings a knife to her chest to tell her she lost this time. He then puts up the knife and they let her down. She sighed and then starts do it again until she could get one of them down. Shs wasn't going to give up. She didn't but she knew after a while she couldn't take them down. After a while Three finger took her to his house to give her some water. She sat at the table. \" i am never going to get this \" she sighed and puts her head on the table. He rubbed her back. It took his brothers and him years. They were talking it easy on her and he knew she knew it. After she drinks the water he took her to the bed room so she could rest.[Chapter 5] sorry this is late I had really bad writes block. Sorry if there are mistakes my cell and table is hard to editing on it I wish I had my laptop I hope you like it :) and sorry for the long wait Ch 5 she woke up the next morning sore. She hadnt moved like that and her body wasn't use to it she looked at three finger sleeping and smiles. He was so cute sleeping. She smile then walked back to the hotel to take a shower and get dressed. She got in the warm shower. It helped her sore places. She had to lean how to fight she didn't want to be like what toni did to her. Three finger did save her. She washes her hair and then washes her body She washes the soap off and turns it off and dies off. She went to her room to her bag. She pulled out some shorts and a shirt. She puts them on and went down to the kitchen where danny was cooking. \" your cooking \" she smiled at her brother. He looked up and smiled back then looked down at the food. \" a big shock ?\" He asked. \" No you used to cook before ..\" She said and sat down in a chair sore. She groans some. He looked at her \" are you ok ?\" He asked her \" yea rough night \" she said. He looked at her and smiles. She looked at him \" not that danny they just showed me how to fight. I lost \" she said and looked at him. \" whatever you say. \" he smiled truning the meat. \" how do you like it here ?\" He asked her making a plate. \" its , OK \" she said watching him sitting down and started to eat. He watched her. \" sally told me we have family that lives a little ways form here. \" she looked up at him. \"Really ?\" She asked moving in her chair some. He nods and they then heard foot steps and saw sally. Bayla got up and walked out of the room and she wasn't looking and ran right into three finger She fell to the hard floor hard. She looked up at him \" sorry ...\" She said as she took his hand and helped her up he looked at her and walked with her to the woods. He took her to a place that had a waterfall. It had flowers everywhere there was a big rock that went out so you could jump into the water. She looked at him and steps out onto the rock and looked out. It looked very pretty here. She then sat down on the rock and puts her feet out. It was a little high from the water. She hated highs but it was to pretty not to look. Her heart raced at it and smiled some trying to contorl her fear. She reaches out to the waterfall and lets the water hit her hand. It was kinda cold but in the sunlight it was warm. She then looked at three finger and smild. \" its really pretty. Thank you for this \" she said and looked back out at the water. She got up then took off her shorts and shirt. Leaving her bra and panies on and jumped into the water. she heard him laughing when she did that. He went on the rock and jumpped into the water after her. She giggled as he went to her and then startes to tickle her. \" stop it \" she said giggling. He laughted his laugh and then just held her close to him. She watches him her heart raced in her chest at how close they where. Seeing him like this made her forget he killed people. His nice side to him she could get use too. He reaches up and pushes back a piece of her hair. He leans in and kissed her forehead. When his lips touched her forhead her heart stop racing. She watches him. Three finger watches her to see if she liked it or not. He didnt want to scare her off he really liked her. His hearted raced and he smiled some as he leans down and touched his lips to hers. Bayla froze when she felt his lips on hers. She then closed her eyes and moved her lips with his. Her hand went up to his cheek as they kissed. He held her close to him as they kissed. She took her other arm and wrappes it around the back of his neck and held him. After a while they pulled away. She looked at him and smiled. She then started to swim. She just thinks she like the kiss. This side of him was cute. If she was to be with him she had to like the whole package. He did safe her form Toni. She looked at him and smiled then went under the water. He watched her and swims with her he never thought he would be this happy ever. He watched his other family and he always wanted someone to call his own. He wanted to be loved. After a while she went to land and got out of the water and lays back in the grass in the sun to dry off. He got out and sat next to her watching her. He wanted the water rolling off her and smiled some. He took her hand then lays next to her. She looked at him and smiled. She turns over on her sided to him and touched lips with his. They kissed escher other for a while and held each other in the sunlight. She went to sleep in his arms. She started to feel safe with him. A few hours later she wakes up and saw she was in her room. She sat up and saw she was in clean dry clothes. She looked around the room! And three forget wasn't there. She got up and went out to the kitchen smelling food cooking. She looked and saw he was cooking. She smiled and went to him and wrapped her arms around him. \" hello \" she smiled. He smiled and patted her and and cooked for them. She lets him go and sets the table for them two. He cooked then brings over the food. She got her plate and sat down and watched him get his and sat next to her. Hentook his free hand and held hers. She smiled and ate her food holding his hand.[Chapter 6] I am making it she been there a a couple of months now I just timed skipped just a little time because of the w/b and I am trying hard on love senses this ch is about made pg16 or close to r idk you been warned! Bayla got done eating and got up. She took her plate and his to the kitchen and washes them. She heard him following her and then felt his arms around her waist holding her close to him. She smiled and washes the dishes. As she washes them she close her eyes feeling the hot breathe on her neck for him breathing on her. It tiggles her and makes her jump some as she was washing a sharp knife. When she moved her right hand got cut. The water truns a little red and she cried out some. \" ouch \" she said. She was always a big wimp when it came to pain. He took her hand out and ran some clean water on her hand. He watched her then looked at the cut. It went in a little deep. He brings the hand to his lips and kissed it. He felt bad for having her cut her hand. She watches him and went with him to get her hand banged up. He sat her at the table and went to get the first aid kit. She held her hand to cot the blood that was coming out but then stopped and she then put pressure on it. She watched the blood run out of the cut and on the table. She was just watching the blood dip as she held her hand. When she was done she then held her hand to cot the blood. Three finger came back with the kit and went to her. He took her hand and looked at the cut. He cleans it up and wrapped a bange around her hand. When he was done she wipes the table off and looked at him. He's eyes were a little sad. With her good hand she touched his cheek. \" it's ok \" she told him and pecked his lips. \" I am ok \" she puts her face in his neck and held him. He wrapped his arms around her and held her tightly to him. He kisses the top of her head. After a while she pulled away and looked at him. She closed her eyes and placed her lips on his. He closed his eyes and moved his lips with hers. Her hand went to his cheek the other in his blond hair. She had grabbed a handful and held it as they kissed. His hand went to her hair and grabbed some of it and held it. Her hurt hand went up and went to undo the strap of his overalls. He pulled away only inches form her face and watched her. He breathes hard and heavy. She does the same and watched him. He made a sound to her asking her if she was sure about this. He didn't want to push her or make her uncomfortable. She watched his eyes. She saw he wanted this just as much as she did. She been at the hotel for a while now. She knew he cared or her and not just wanted a one night stand with her. He never pushed her or forced her. This would be her first time with anyone. She wanted it to be with him. She was falling for him. She fought it for a while now but she couldn't anymore. They been together for a while now. It been a couple of months since they first met. It didn't seem like it had but it was. She watches his eyes then kissed him deeply. She closed her eyes and he closed his. He didn't want to push her away. He wanted her for a while now. He wanted her to be sure to be together. He was falling for her fast too. He never felt this way about anyone before. This was new for him as well. He hand ran though her hair as he watches her. she watched him and smiled. She took his hand and let him to her room. She shuts the door and locked it then looked at him as she took off her shirt and walked to him. He watched her and smiled some. He touched her shoulders and watches her. He hasn't touched a woman that wasn't food before. He leans down and kissed her neck and let's her undo his overalls stipe and let's it fall to the floor. She smiled and kissed his cheek then walked to the bed and takes off her shorts and crawled on the bed shaking her butt sexy and lays back on the bed. He watched her and smiled. He went to her and looms over her and kissed her deeply. His hands roamed down her sides as they kissed. Her hands went down and pulled up on his red shirt to take it off. He sat up some and let's her take off the shirt. He smiled and went back to her lips and then kissed her with passion and some lust in there. He wanted her so much. Her hands went to his hair and grabbed it tightly and sexually. He moans some at her touch and closed his eyes .She watched him as he closed his eyes at the touch and smiled. The next morning. She wakes up with sunlight in her face. She looked around and saw three finger still a sleep in her bed. She smiled at him and kissed his cheek. She gets up and went to the bathroom sore. She turns on the shower and steps into the warm water. She closed her eyes and as she washes her body flashes went into her head about what happened last night with him. She smiled some at them. She washes her hair and then stood in the shower and smiled at the flashbacks. She was happy about last night. She wanted to do that with him for a while now. Her mother told her to wait until she found the right guy and she did. Three finger wakes up and looked around. He saw she was gone then sat up. He then heard the shower and got up and went to the shower. He saw her washing up and went to the door and opens it and looked at her and smiled. \" hey \" she said to him. \" you can come in \" she said as she turns and moved so he could. He got into the shower with her and smiled. He kissed her shoulder and wrapped his arms around her. He held her with her back to him and kissed her neck. She smiled at him then truns round and looked at him. She then puts soap on a rag and stared to wash him. She went down his chest and watched him. He smiled and let's her wash him up. She kissed him deeply when she was done washing all of him and held him in the shower as the water hit them both. He just held her. Last night changed things between them. He wanted her to stay forever with him. He closed his eyes and just held her close to him. He wanted to start a family with her and everything. She was his life now. She held him and smiled some. She was falling for him hard and she was scared she might lose him one day. Either to the people that they hunt or the cops talking him away form her. She wouldn't let that happen. He was hers and no one else. She kissed his neck then truns off the water when it started to gets cold. She got her towel and wrapped it around her and looked at him as she gave him a towel and went into the room. She went to her dresser and got out some clean shirt and shorts. She took off the towel and dries herself off. She then got dressed in a white shirt and black shorts. She sat on the bed drying her hair as three finger came into the room dying off. He puts on his clothes on and sat down with her. He washes her dying her hair. She then started to brush it out. When she was done she looked at him. \" can you teach me how to fight again ?\" She asked getting up still a little sore about last night but she wanted to play fight with nods and got up. They started to play out a fight. After a while he let's her pin him down on the floor. He smiled up at her as he went still in her arms letting her do whatever she wanted. She leans down and kissed him deeply closing her eyes. She lets go of one of his arms. His free arm went to her waist. He then rolled them over and pins her to the floor and smiled down at her \" no fair \" she said. He laughed and watched her as he held her to the floor. She watched him then went still in his arms and waited. He watched her as she went still. He smiled watching her then got up. She took his hand and they walked out of the room to the kitchen. He went to the oven to cook for her. She went to him and helped him with whatever he needed and then set the table when his brothers came in and looked at her. \" hey \" she said to them and puts two more plates down for them to join them. Three finger bring the food over and sets it down on the table. He sat down with Bayla. He held her hand and saw tooth sat on the other side of bayla and one eye sat by his brother. They dig into the food. She waited for her trun to get her food then looked down at her food as they talked to each other in there talk. After a while Danny and Sally came into the room and joins them. They all eat as bayla looked at her plate. She didn't look at the brothers or sally. When she was done she took her plate to wash it with one hand. She hears someone follower her. \" three finger\" she sighs then looked and saw sally. She jumps some \" sorry \" she said. Sally looked at her \" no harm done. We need to talk. We haven't these past few months. \" she told her. Bayla watches her a little sacared. Sally scared her a lot. \" there's no need to be scared of me \" she said and then saw she had a bange on her hand \" what happened?\" She asked her bayla looked down then at Sally \" I cut myself with a knife doing dishes last night \" she said watching her \" you look different \" she said watched her \" did you have a nice night ?\" She asked her watching her \" yea I did \" she said. She nods then watched her. \" I never said thank you for saving me \" she said. \" if you were not there I could had been hurt or died \" she said nicely. \" your welcome \" bayla said \" glad I could helped \" \" I just was mad at Danny for not telling me about you \" she said. Bayla nods \" ok \" she said \"can we start over ? \" she asked her with kindness in her voice. \" yea we can \" she said nodding . Sally smiled then walked out of the kitchen. Bayla sighs and went back washing her plate. She gets done and drys it and puts it up and walked to her room. She lays down on the bed and covers up and just thinks about everything a lot has happened to her in only a few months.[Chapter 7] I am sorry this is late I hate w/ b :( hope you like it I read on wiki that ma was three finger's sister and three toe was his but I am changing that and putting pa as the father and still do the old man as there father It said that in the first movie three finger is 37 and in the second movie 39 I will make him 30 right now and Bayla is 23 Bayla woke up in the morning with the sunlight hitting her face. She made a face and looked around. She sat up and took off her night cloths and got dressed in a blue shirt and black pants . She needed to lean how to fight again and this time she would ask for his brothers to because three finger went easy on her. She went out to the woods to find his brothers. She went to their house and knocked on the door. It was a little cold out. She held her jacket to her as she waited. She could hear big foot steps coming to the door. Saw - tooth opens the door and looked at her. \" I .. Need your help \" she told him. \" yours and one - eye \" she said. He nods and they follow her into the woods away form the houses. She stops and looked at them. \" ok I want you two to teach me how to fight. Your brother only does cat play with me. It will not work in a normal fight \" she told them. She watched them and they nodded that they would help her. The both went after her. She went down missing one - eyes arm. She then went to miss saw - tooth when he then used his leg to trip her. Her leg hit his leg and she went to the ground hard and out of breathe. She looked up at him. He grabbed her and pulled her up to see if she was ok. She was still having the wind knocked out of her. She took in a deep breathe to get it back. She looked at him \" got to remember legs \" she chuckles some still out of breathe. He watches her a little worried. After a while her breathe came back and she wanted to go again. They went again and she missed and got hit in the jaw by one - eyes. She grabbed her jaw and sighs in anger. \" I am never going to get this \" she said and sat down on a log. She held her jaw knowing there was going to be a bruise. Saw - tooth makes a noise saying she would. She looked at them. \" I hope so \" she said. \" one more time \" she said working though the pain like they did or they didn't feel pain either way she had to. They did it again and this time she missed then got on the back of saw - tooth. She held on as he moved trying to get her off. she then fell off then fights them again and findlly gets saw tooth down. She had him pined and smiled. She got off him and helped him up. \" I did it \" she smiled he nods and they go back to the hotel. She walked in and Danny saw her. \" are you ok ? What happened \" he said worried and looked her over. \" I am ok \" she said. She was all bruised up. Her legs hurt and her face. He helped her to the table room and sat her down. \" who did this to you ?\" He asked looking at her face. He went to the kitchen to get ice and puts it on her cheek. \"I was fighting. I wanted to get better and not be like I was when Toni got me. I don't want to feel helpless again \" she told her brother. He sighs and kissed her forehead. \" I am your brother I am the one that has to look out for you \" he said. \" Danny I love you but I don't want to be helpless \" he nods and sighs. \" hold this on your face. \" he said and went to the kitchen. After a while the door opens and three finger walks in and looked at her. \" hey \" she smiled some and looked at him. She held the ice pack to her face. He came over and took the ice pack and looked at her. He saw a big bruise starting to come on her face. He made a sound asking what happen. \" your brothers were teaching me to fight \" she told him. \" I didn't move fast enough and I got hit \" she said. \" I was my fault \" she told him. He was after to go when she grabbed his arm. \" really I am fine \" she told him. He came over and kissed her forehead. she smiles a little and kissed him deeply. His hand went to her cheek as they kissed. Her hand went up and ran though his long blonde hair. She then pulled away to breathe and smiles. He wanted to take a trip with her to their other family. They lived a little always form them now. There was ma , pa and the twins that lived there. He just wanted his brothers and her to do. Sally and Danny had to run this place. He looked at her and wanted to tell her but he couldn't. He grabbed her hand and pulled her to her room. He went to her dresser and grabbed her cloths and started to pack them. \" what are you doing ?\" She asked watching him pack. She didn't know what he was doing. \" do you .. Not want me anymore ?\" She asked him. She started to have tears in her eyes at the thought of that. He stopped and went to her and touched her cheek. He looked into her eyes and shook his head no. He never wanted her to leave him. He loved her so much. She was the only one that he had ever loved. he hugged her to him and held her. She held him back tightly. She hid her face in his chest and held him tightly. Her hands grabbed his shirt as she held onto him tightly. Like a scared child would do their parents. He held her and kissed the top of her hand. He never wanted her to leave him. He never felt this way about anyone. She was his world and he was hers. \" why are you packing my stuff ?\" She asked watching him. He makes his sound you will see. He went back packing her stuff. He didn't know how long they would be but he packed all her stuff. they had said bye to Sally and Danny. She got into one of the cars Danny and his friends came in and smiled at three finger. He was in the drivers seat and his brothers were in the back seat. She waves bye to her borther as the car went out of the drive. After a while her head on the window and she went to a deep sleep as he drove the car to wherever they where going. He parked the car after a few hours. He got out of the car and touched her cheek waking her up. Bayla moved some and opens her eyes. She smiled seeing him. \" hey \" she smiled. He leans in and touched lips with hers. She closed her eyes and kissed him deeply. After a while he pulled away and smiles at her. saw-tooth and one- got out of the back of the car and went up to the house. Three finger looked at Bayla and smiled some. He wanted her to meet his other family. His father , sister , brother and the twins. She took a deep breathe and then got out of the car. She looked at The buliding She looked at three finger and sighs. She didn't know if they would like her or try and kill her. Three finger held her hand as they went up to the house with his brothers. Bayla couldn't breathe when the door opens and Ma opens the door and looked at them. Bayla grabbed a hold of three finger's arm tightly. She didn't know what would happen. She knew he wanted to see his father and his sister and the others. Sally had told her before they left that it was three finger's fathers brithday this week. That's why he want to come. Ma looked at them and went to the side and let's them all in. she walked in with them and looked around at all the cars. They had killed a lot of people over the years. She still held onto three finger's arm as they walked . She saw a kitchen table and saw they were about to eat. She sat down next to him. Ma walked to the kitchen and brings over some food to the table. She looked and watches them dig into the meat. She knew it was human flesh. She watches as the family ate it. She smells it and her stomach began to growl. She picked up her folk and then took a bit of the meat. She chews it and it was good. She started to eat. Three finger and his brothers looked at her. They knew she didn't like human meat. They had packed some deer for her. she didn't know what gotten into her but she likes the meat. She looked up after a while when she ate all her food. She looked around at the family. They hadn't even finshed their food. \" can .. Can I have a little more?\" She asked three finger. He looked at her and nods. He gave her some of his. She smiled and eats it up. She sat there and watched the family get done with theres. When they were done Ma shower then to two rooms. Saw - tooth and one - eye would share one and three finger and Bayla would share the other. She went to the bed and lays down. Three finger shuts the door and got into bed with her. He wanted to know what was wrong with her. She didn't like the meat and now she ate a lot of it. Was she sick ? He didn't know. He puts his arm around her and went to sleep. Bayla went to sleep after a while. She didn't know what was wrong with her.[Chapter 8] i am going to name three finger Julian one eye Dan and saw tooth Andrew the twins Clint and Victoria and I am just keeping ma and pa names like that thank you to my beta Kryslla I wanted to give up on this site for reasons but Kryslla has helped me out and told me to still write and that's what I will do write on my storyies Bayla woke up the next morning. She looked around and saw Three Finger still asleep with his arm around her. She smiled and kissed his cheek. She got out of bed and went out of the room for a glass of water. She then heard someone in the kitchen. Bayla walked to the doorway and peeked around. She saw an older guy sitting on a chair watching tv as one of the woman was cutting up some meat. Bayla watches her when she jumps, feeling a hand on her shoulder. She looked and saw other woman with black hair. Bayla backed up into the room. The two women looked at her. The old guy got up and looked at her. \"Who are you ?\" he asked. Bayla looked at him. \" Bay.. Bayla \" she said. He was still looking at her. Ma looked at them and grunted at her father. He looked at her when Three Finger walked into the room. He went over to Bayla and wrapped his arms around her. \" She is with you Julian ?\" He nods to the old man and sat down at the table. Bayla looked at the old man. \" Julian ?\" She asked. \" That's his name.\" He said and sat back down. The other two walked in and sat at the table. He pointed to Saw Tooth \" Andrew \" then he pointed at One Eye. \" Dan \" he said. He then pointed to the black hair woman \" That's Victoria \" and then her twin walked in after a while \" And that's Clint \" he told her. She looked at the family then at Three Finger. So it was just a nickname they had for the brothers,she thought. She did like the name Julian. They waited for Ma to get done with the food. When it was done she brought it to the table and they all dig in. Bayla waits until they are done getting their food before she got some. She looked at the meat and her belly growls again. She then starts to eat it. Like last night , it was really good. She couldn't understand why. Back at the hotel it was nasty. She couldn't keep it down after seeing them kill Danny's friends. Three Finger watched her and wrapped his arm around her as he ate his food. After a while she got done with her plate and saw there was some more. She then looked at everyone to see if they where done then she got some more of it. She started to eat it. She picks the glass of water and then drinks it. Three Finger looked at her a little worried. He didn't know what was wrong with her. When she was done their father asked her about her face. She looked at him then touched her cheek. \" I ..was trying to learn how to fight and I .. was slow \" she said and looked down. When everyone was done she got up and went out to the car to get her bag to change her clothes then saw Three Finger had packed her bow. She reached out for it and then went a little into the woods to shoot. She hadn't did the bow in years , she used to love it. She then takes aim at a tree and then shot the arrow but the arrow didn't hit the tree. She sighs and then puts another arrow in and aims and it missed again. She sighs \" I can't do it anymore \". Ahe then jumps when a arrow went passed her head and hit the tree she was trying. She then turns and saw Pa there. \" Nice ... shot \" she said and then looked down with a sigh. He went to her and rose her arms and helped her aim. She looked at him then the tree. She then let go the arrow and it hit the tree under his arrow. She smiles \" Thank you \" she said and then went to the tree and got the arrows. She sighs some , she didn't fit in with his family. This was her brothers family not hers. He fit the roll not her. Her brother started to kill people or cook the meat and she couldn't be around it ,only now when she got here. She can't fight at all and doesn't know how to use a bow anymore. Why did three finger love her? She started to let her mind race with all those thoughts. She sighs and looked at the water. She walked to it and looked around. It wasn't like the hotel. She didn't hear any animals. No birds ,nothing. She looked around at the sky then down. She then looked at pa \" There's no animals around ?\" She asked him. He nods then looked at her. She sighs some and looked way at the water. She didn't know the sounds of Ma , Pa or the twins like she learned with the three brothers. She loved them three , she felt like she had a family with them three. She then touched her face at the bruise and then looked at Pa. The brothers were going easy on her. \"Will you teach me to fight ? I think they took it easy on me \" she said \" and you don't know me and wouldn't do it\" she said. He nods and she went back up to him and then watches him as they started to fight. She went to punch him when he grabbed her arm and spins then around and she was on the ground. She sighs when he pins her down on the ground. They where going easy on her. He had his knee in her back and pins her down. She moved trying to get out but it was no use. He watched her then let her up. She looked at him and this time he went to hit her and she went to the side , she forgot about the legs and she tripped and hit the ground. She wasn't ever going to get this. He then pins her to the ground. He looked at her face as he pins her down. She watches him as he pins her down then she moved and rolled them over and pins him down and smiles some then he rolled them back over and she sighs. \" I am never going to get this \" she said. He got off of her and helped her up. She looked at him \" How long did it take you to get this ?\" She asked him. He looked at her and talks in his talk. She didn't understand him. She watches him then she pulled out the leafs from her hair and picked up her bow and looked at the tree,starting to practice again. Her brother had been looking out for her all her life and she was sick of it. She didn't want to fell helpless anymore. She then pulled the arrow and hit her mark and she smiled. After a while she sat down on a log to rest. She pulled up her pants legs and looked at some bruises on her legs form when she fought the brothers. She had a few cuts form this time too. She sighs and puts down the pant legs. She felt pain on her belly and back. She had to get this. She didn't want to ever get held again like Tori did to her. She was so helpless in that part if it wasn't for Three Finger she would be dead. She knew that she would have killed her. She then wales her arms around her belly and felt tears in her eyes,she felt like she was just a borther to everyone. She felt weak and useless in the family. Eveyone could fight and use bows and guns and everything.[Chapter 9] ** few days later ** she wakes up in the bed and yawns. She looked around and sat up. She was still in pain form trying to learn how to fight. She got out of the bed. They had three finger father birthday last night. He told her that they where going to stay a while more. She walked out of the room and rubbed her face and went to the kitchen to help out cooking. \" can I help ?\" She asked her. Ma looked at her and nods and moved over so Bayla could help her cut up the a while of her helping her three finger and Clint came in with a pieces of a woman's body. Three finger went to bayla and kissed her forehead and hugged her. This was the second time she saw three finger with a dead body. She then stops and went to her room. She took off her night cloths and puts on shorts. She looked at her belly all bruised up too. She then puts on a shirt and sat on the bed when three finger came in. He looked at her and then sat next to her. Was she scared of him again ? She got up and then walked to the door. She then shuts it and locked it. She looked at him and smiles some. They haven't really been alone this whole trip. She went to him and then staddles him and kissed him on the cheek and smiles at him. he watches her and smiles back. He then kissed her deeply and his hands went to her shirt. His hands were a little cold and she jumps a little when she felt his hands on her skin. It sent goosebumps though her. She smiles and watches him as he took off her shirt. When he was done she unhook his overalls and got up. He then took off his cloths and grabbed her and lays her on the bed. She smiles and let's him. he thought she was mad at him but this was unexpected. He looms over her and looked down at her. His hand went down her side and stops at her hips. He then lens down and kissed her deeply. Her hands went to his neck and wrapped around him and then she moved and smiles down at him. Then leans in and kisses him deeply. His hand went to her hair and pulled it some as they kissed. She wakes up a few hours later and looked around as she yawns. She smiles and looked at three finger laying next to her. She kissed his cheek then got up and got dressed. She covers him up so he wouldn't get cold. She then unlocked the door and walked out . She grabbed her bow and walked out of the building. She wanted to look around to get use to the woods here. She walked into the woods and breathes in. It was pretty and quiet here. she walked for a while then came to a house. She walked to it and opens the door. She looked around and saw some pictures. She looked spend it looked like no one lived there. After a while she heard yelling and the family came into the house. She puts her bow down and went to the table to help out with ma. She looked at her and Victoria. She didn't know what to do as the baby was coming. She was yelling and she puts a rag on her forehead to help her and then the baby came out. Victoria has the baby and cuts the cord and went to give the baby to ma but she didn't want the baby. They then looked up and head a noise in the bedroom and she gave her the baby and they went after the girls that where yelling. She walked to the counter as they went out of the house after them. I still didn't look at the baby. I looked down and froze. It was like the family. She then smiled some and went to the sink and started to clean off the baby. She washes the baby and then whapped the baby up and held him close to her. It was a surprise that she was taking to him. She was a kids person then not but since ma didn't want the baby she would look after him. She went to the couch and held the baby and kissed his little head and looked at him. She smiled at the little baby then looked at the door as the old man came into the room. She held the baby close to her. \" they went after so girls and she handed the baby to me \" she said. He went to her and looked at the baby and smiled some. \" you should take him back to the safe house \" She nodded and got up. She went and got her bow and put it around her and held the baby close to her as Shs went to the woods. Shs could hear yelling in the woods as She walked to the building back to the brothers. She walked back to the room and opens the door and last three finger was t there. She then walked to the brothers room and saw it was empty. She then went to the kitchen and the only one there was one eye. She looked at him \" where is your brothers ?\" She asked him. He made his sounds and she sighs some and held the baby. He walked over to her and looked at the baby and smiles. \" want to hold him ?\" She asked him. He nods and she handed the baby over and watches him. She smiles at them. she then went over the couch and sat down with a sigh. She saw him come over to her and sat next to her holding the baby in his arms. She looked at him and then the baby and touched his tiny hand and smiled at him. \" he is cute \" she said. \" ma didn't want to hold him ...\" She said and looked down with a didn't understand why she didn't want the baby. It was just a baby the baby didn't do anything. She just sits there with them for a while more. She lays back in the couch and closed her eyes and took a nap waiting on three finger ","Summary":" This is my first wrong turn story I hope you like it. please r and r I am sorry :( I am not going t"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Moments","Author":"Alyssa86InMN","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8782328","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Moment He Tells Her Her heart fluttered. Her hands tingled with excitement. A smile grew on her lips as she kissed her former foe. Kathleen was kissing Joe Fox, Mr. F-O-X himself and she was loving it. She never felt this way with Frank. Something about kissing Joe stirred something inside her, exhilarated her soul. Joe pulled away from her, his eyes sparkling and a contented grin on his face. \"Are you surprised?\" he asked, his grin turning into a look of doubt. \"I am, but you have no idea how much these last few days I've been longing for you, not NY152, but Joe Fox. I almost didn't show up here.\" she admitted, feeling a slight redness forming on her cheeks as she looked to the ground in embarrassment. \"Well, I'm glad you did because I wouldn't have been able to tell you this,\" Joe paused, lifting her chin with his finger and looking deep into her eyes, \"I think I'm falling for you, Kathleen.\"[Chapter 2] The Moment He Lets Him Know Joe was looking over expense reports in his father's office when Kathleen crossed his mind. She frequently crossed his mind these days and now while he was trying to work, she was on the brain yet again, not that he was complaining. \"Joe, are you even reading those things?\" his father asked from across the desk. \"What's her name, son?\" Joe gained some composure and gave his dad a glare. \"I don't know what you're talking about.\" \"You have a far away look in your eyes and you are grinning at the expense reports. You know exactly what I'm talking about.\" Joe sighed, giving up. \"Her name is Kathleen Kelly. I met her online several months ago and now we are dating.\" \"Kathleen Kelly, that name sounds familiar.\" Nelson said. \"It should, we put her children's bookstore out of business a couple of months ago.\" Joe said, nonchalantly, pretending to look over the reports again, hoping to drop the subject. \"And she's dating you?!\" Nelson asked, incredulously. Joe looked up from the reports again. \"Yes. Remember a few weeks back we were talking about your break-up over martinis and I said something about finding the one single person who fills your heart with joy?\" Joe asked. \"Well, Dad, she's it for me. The moment I kissed her I knew someday she'd be wife. I just wish you could share in this happiness that I am so obviously feeling right now.\" \"I'm just teasing you, son. I am happy for you. I wish you the best with Kathleen.\" \"Now we need to work on you.\" Joe stated with a smirk.[Chapter 3] The Moment She Lets Them Know \"Tea, dear?\" Birdie asked. \"Yes, please.\" Kathleen responded, holding out her teacup in preparation. Birdie poured some tea in the cup then into Christina's cup before taking a seat in her designated chair. \"So what was it that you wanted to tell us?\" Kathleen was sipping her tea when a smile spread across her face and she set her cup down. \"I'm hopelessly in love.\" she admitted with a slight tint to her cheeks. \"I knew something was different about you but I couldn't put my finger on it.\" Christina said. \"Is it the email guy?\" she cupped her cheek in her hand and listened in intently. \"Yes, it's the email guy.\" \"Who is he?\" Christina asked. \"You're not going to believe this, but it's Joe Fox.\" \"Wait, THE Joe Fox, the one who put you out of business? The one who took your mother's store from you, your last memories of her, that Joe Fox?\" Christina asked getting a little worked up. \"Well, I wouldn't have put it that way, but yes.\" Kathleen said, a confused, defeated look on her face, wishing this revelation had gone a little better than it had. \"How could you be in love with him of all people?\" Christina asked in disbelief. \"Well, I've forgiven him. He's really a wonderful person. You just have to get past the putting us out of business bit.\" Birdie, who had been sitting in silence while Christina and Kathleen exchanged words, finally asked, \"but does he make you happy?\" Without hesitation Kathleen said, \"More than you can ever know.\" \"Then that settles that, as long as you are happy.\" Birdie said, taking Kathleen's hand in hers. \"I still think you are crazy, but if you are happy, then I guess I am too.\" Christina said.[Chapter 4] The Moment She Tells Him Joe and Kathleen had been blissfully dating for merely a month when it caught Kathleen off guard. It hit her suddenly like she was run over by a poorly driven cab and it stirred something inside her that ended up bringing her to tears. She sat at her desk sucking in her breath as the tears fell. She wasn't really sure why she was crying, because after all she had never been happier in her life. She never felt this way with anyone before. She tried to calm herself down because she knew Joe was going to be coming over any minute and she didn't want to have to explain herself. A few seconds later, she heard the key in the lock and she realized she was too late. Joe opened the door while Kathleen sniffed and attempted to wipe away any evidence that she had been crying. \"I hope you're in the mood for Chinese.\" Joe called, setting the food on the dining table. Kathleen got up from her chair and padded her way into the living room/dining room. \"Chinese sounds great.\" she said, making her way into the kitchen for some plates and silverware, trying to hide her face until any sign of her tears were gone. \"Is something the matter?\" Joe asked, noticing how Kathleen was acting. \"Everything's great.\" she responded in a pitch that Joe noticed was off. Joe followed her into the kitchen, \"Are you going to tell me what is really going on or am I going to have to go to extreme measures to get it out of you?\" he asked leaning against the counter opposite to the one she was standing at with her back to him. \"It's nothing, I just I had a little revelation about us today and it caught me off guard and I reacted in a way I didn't think I would.\" Kathleen said, her back still facing him as she reached for some plates from the cabinet. \"What was the revelation?\" Kathleen turned to face him, her palms on the edge of the counter. \"I just realized that I can't imagine my life without you and the thought of my life without you upsets me more than you can even fathom.\" Joe gazed into her eyes, full of vulnerability, smiled an endearing, eye crinkling grin as he took a few steps closer to her. He wrapped his arms around her body, drawing her close to him in an embrace. \"Kathleen, you know I love you, so it shouldn't come as a surprise that I feel the same way about you. A life without you would be...\" Joe paused as he pulled away from her briefly to look at her, \"...unbearable.\"[Chapter 5] The Moment He Asks Her Kathleen awoke one August morning curled into the side of Joe Fox, her boyfriend of three months. She had her head on his chest and an arm around his torso while his right arm was wrapped around her back. Joe began to stir as Kathleen moved from her position on the bed to check the time. Joe groaned and popped open his eyes. He looked over to Kathleen who had the alarm clock in her hands. \"Good morning, honey.\" he said, rolling onto his side to face her as she set the clock back on the night stand. Kathleen turned to him and smiled, \"hi, sweetie. Sleep well?\" she asked. \"I always sleep better when I'm with you and also when I'm in an actual bed instead of the boat couch I've been using the last few months.\" \"I don't understand why you won't get your own place.\" Kathleen stated. \"Because, I've been waiting.\" \"Waiting for what?\" \"For you and the right moment.\" Joe admitted with a smirk. Kathleen had a perplexed look on her face that Joe took as a cue to finish what he was saying. \"I've been thinking about us moving in together. What do you think? We could get a new place we can call our own.\" Joe said expectantly. \"But Joe, we've only been dating for three months. Don't you think that is a little sudden?\" \"I've known since the moment we first kissed that I was going to marry you, so moving in together is really the next step before I ask an even bigger question.\" Kathleen's eyes grew big. \"I'm not proposing now, honey, don't worry. I know you're not ready, but know that it's coming at some point, whether that be next week or next year, I don't know.\" Joe paused as he watched Kathleen's face change emotions. \"What do you think?\" he finally asked. Kathleen breathed in slowly and let it out in a sigh. \"Well, I'd be lying if I said the thought never crossed my mind and I do see us having a future together, so I guess my answer is yes, let's move in together.\" They both had giant grins on their face as Joe leaned over and kissed Kathleen on the lips. \"I love you.\" she said when they broke apart. ","Summary":" The Moment He Tells Her Her heart fluttered. Her hands tingled with excitement. A smile grew on her"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"No Mail","Author":"StylusDez","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2666327","Passage":"[Chapter 1] You are nothing but a suit \"You arennothing but a suit,\" said Kathleen in harsh voice. Everything justngot quiet then. Time seemed to slow down as Joe just stared back atnher and blinked. Kathleen leaned back in her chair looking him up andndown quickly trying to gauge his reaction. He took a slow breath andnarched up his eyebrows as if to say, well that was nice. Slowly henput his hand into his pocket pulling out some change. He looked downnshyly as he tossed the money on the table. \"That's mynqueue,\" he said very softly. He was stillnlooking down Kathleen noticed. He then looked into her eyes for anbrief second. They were moist and she could see pain in them for anbrief moment. Then they flashed back down as he said, \"Wellngoodnight,\" in a sarcastic and bitter tone. Kathleen stood there.nHer mouth was dry and her heart pounding as she watched him walknbrusquely out the door. Her brain was saying wait, come back, and I'mnsorry, but nothing came out. She felt her eyes tear up as she justnwatched him go out the door. She leaned back and shook her headntrying to convince herself that he deserved all her battery. I meannhe is a jerk who doesn't care about books and is trying to put menout of business. But at the same time he is a person, a person I justnhurt. Great, now I'm going to feel bad about being stood up andnabout being mean. She glanced down and saw Joe had left enough toncover her tab as well. She grabbed hernbook and rose as she slowly got up. She went into the street andnnoticed how cold of a night it actually was. Before she was sonnervous about meeting this guy she barely knew that she didn't feelnthe cold. Now that her night was ruined in every way, her defensesnfelt the lonely cold wind hug her skin. She walked toward a trash cannand dropped the rose in. She didn't even watch it drop in as shenmarched toward her apartment. He probably left a message; it'snprobably a legitimate excuse, nothing to worry about. She keptnmarching through the cold, hearing nothing but her footsteps tap onnthe wet sidewalks of New York. The trip home seemed to take a lotnlonger then usual, as her mind kept jumping back and forth fromnthinking that it is going to be alright to everything is going wrong.nShe tried to prepare herself if there was no message, but at the samentime thought there is no need because he left one; he wouldn't donsomething like that. Before shenopened her front door she thought of Joe Fox for a weird reason. JoenFox, what an asshole she thought. But he was actually trying to bennice for a little while. But I just kept attacking him, was itnbecause he didn't show? I don't know, all I want to do is checknmy mail. She walked into her warm apartment but she didn't evennnotice the warmth. She went straight for her computer. Scenes of NewnYork's beautiful nightscape showed on her screen saver. She lovednwatching these images fade in and out as she realized that it wasnright outside her window. Now she just wanted them to hurry up andndisappear. She signed in and waited for what seemed forever. At thensame time she hoped that it wouldn't load and she would not knownwhether or not the message was there. But she knew that she wanted tonknow either way, hoping that it was there. Finally itnsigned on, she noticed the mail box's red tag was down but thoughtnthat it might just be a fluke. She scrolled the mouse to the buttonnand opened her mail box to see two words flash like beacons on thenscreen. NO MAIL. Below it, it said ok in a gray box. She thought, nonthis is not okay. She looked down at the screen feeling like she wasngoing to cry right there. Her eyes welled up with water and werenabout to overflow. But she suddenly forced a sly smile as if someonenwas watching her and she didn't want to lose her composure. Herneyebrow arched up and she thought, whatever I don't care. Shenclosed her laptop quickly and walked immediately to bed. She flopped downnand didn't even take her clothes off. She kicked her shoes off andnturned off the light hoping she could just go into a coma rightnthere. She pulled the blankets over her as she grew cold fromnloneliness. The last thing she thought was I'm tired and she hopednshe could not think and go to bed. It was her defense mechanism tonshut down before she felt her heart break. That would have to waitnuntil the morning.[Chapter 2] Ch 2. Joe's Perspective \"You arennothing but a suit,\" She said in a disgusted voice. That made Joenblink a couple times. He had this weird wrenching feeling in the pitnof his stomach that he only felt once of twice before in his life. Itnwas hurt. It puzzled him as he continued to stare at this woman innfront of him that said insult after insult. He thought back in anflash all the crap she said of how he was so unlike this Mr. Perfectnshe described, not knowing it was really him. He tried tonthink about something witty to say in return, but he drew a blank asnhe arched his eyebrow. He found his arm reach into his pocket andnquickly fumbled money out of his clip. His eyes darted down from hersnquickly and stared at the floor. Funny to think of the mighty Joe Foxncowed by such a comment. But Joe simply wanted to leave that table,nthat room, that street, and get as far away from that feeling as hencould. \"That's mynqueue,\" he said softly as he found the money. He had a questioningnlook on his face as he thought about his reaction. He sighed inwardlynas he turned to get up. \"Well,ngoodnight,\" he said in a sarcastic voice. His bitterness thennspread to his demeanor as he brusquely threw the money down, put hisncoat on, and walked out the café as fast he could. He didn't turnnback. He shoved thendoor open and stormed out into the cold street. His step increased asnhe raced home pissed off. At her or yourself, he thought. Good goingnthough Joe, great way to flirt with her, push her until she calls youna suit. What did she mean by that anyway? How could she say I wasnnothing like that guy! I am him, how the hell can I not be like him! Then Joenremembered something he said, \"Well he's not here,\" in ansneering voice. Maybe he wasn't. The street noises seemed to bendead compared to when he was walking toward the café. He rememberednhow excited and anxious he was. It was like high school prom all overnagain. Now a days nothing really got his heart pounding like this,nlike her. Just fifteennminutes ago I was ready to marry this girl, now I find out she'snKathleen Kelly and that she actually hates my guts. And I feel…howndo I feel? I'm nothing but a suit… Joe laughed inside at thenthought of all the insults that was the one that made him get up andnleave. And even though he seemed to be running away from thatnfeeling, it seemed to follow him out in the streets of New York andnembrace him like the cold air. His pace slowednas he walked silently with his head hung low. Joe never had his headnlow; he always had the confidence of the successful business man henwas. Now he was hurt and sad. Two feelings he rarely knew, and hendidn't know what to do with himself. Usually the very decisive one,nhe didn't know what to do. Well its cold, I might as well go home. He walked slowlyntoward his home, replaying the incident in his mind over and overnagain. And as always that little sentence caused that tight knot innhis stomach, he didn't even really get what she meant. A suit? Whatnthe hell is that suppose to mean. He was a mixture of anger andnremorse as he entered his apartment. He couldn'tnhide the discomfort as he entered the room. \"What's wrong?\" hisngirlfriend asked in a dead pan voice as she glanced up from hernmagazine. \"Nothing,\"nJoe said. She simply shrugged and went on with her day, \"Oh, you'llnnever guess who I ran into today…\" Joe didn't hear her as henwalked over to his closet passing his open lap top on his desk. Hentook off his coat and tie placing them in his closet. He paused andnlooked at all his suits neatly in a row. Her complaints murmured innthe background as he closed the door slowly. He glanced atnthe lap top and thought about writing Kathleen, maybe an explanationnor an apology. But nothing came to mind, not even the first sentence.nHe didn't even know if he wanted to yell, curse at her, or beg fornforgiveness. \"I'm goingnto bed, I've had a long day,\" Joe said as he walked into thenbedroom. She didn't glance up from her magazine as she said Ok. Hengot undressed and laid in bed, tossing and turning. He was drainednbut couldn't sleep. All he could do was replay the scene as if henwas watching a movie, trying to unravel the plot. The samensentence echoed in his brain, so much that it hurt to think about itnand all he wanted to do was stop feeling anxious and turn off hisnbrain. A suit, a piece of clothing. Just a piece of clothing thatnembodies a businessman. Usually when Joe used the term he meantnlawyers or those yes men that he had to deal with at board meetings.nIt was always demeaning in nature. Joe stoppedntossing and stared at the ceiling and asked the question he wasnavoiding all night long. Do I even know who I am, if she can call menthat and at the same time be in love with this other guy, who isnsuppose to be me, maybe I'm not the guy she thinks I am. He wasn'tnthere though, I was. And she hated me; I was nothing but a suit tonher. That realization made Joe angry at himself and at her. How couldnthis get this screwed up! Finally he feltnhimself drift into exhaustion from thinking about the subject. He rannaround in mental circles and began where he was when he left thencafé, confused and angry. Before he fell into a dreamless, restlessnsleep, he thought, am I really just a suit?[Chapter 3] Ch. 3 It's not personal, itsnbusiness Joe woke up in answeat. He turned his head quickly and saw the blurred image of hisnalarm clock come into focus. It told him it was 4:00 AM as it blinkednsilently in the darkened bedroom. He turned and silently moanedninside himself. It would be another 4 hours before he even had tonthink about getting up. He had been tossing and turning all night andncouldn't get rid of this aching feeling from the pit of hisnstomach. It reminded him of when he first started off in his father'snbusiness and was doing very poorly. He was fresh outnof business school armed with his bachelor's in businessnadministration with honors. He basically coasted his senior yearnbecause he knew he had a position lined up for him in his father'snbusiness. So he basically relaxed and looked forward to the day hisnambition could be forged into success. But he didn't realize thenstruggle it would take to get there. He was placed asnan assistant to a high level regional manager in the North East partnof America to learn the trade. Back then Fox Books was stillncompeting with several large competitors and did not have thendominant stronghold of the market that it had now. He was way overnhis head. College did not teach him what was needed. His naivety andninnocence would soon have to be sacrificed to make room fornruthlessness. Joe had been a nice guy most his life, he believed whatnthe textbooks said about business ethics and thought he knew whatnright and wrong was. But that linenwould be blurred by infinite lines of gray and loop holes that werentaken to get even the slightest edge. Price cutting, calculated booknshipments to flood the market and drop prices so low only they couldnafford it causing small book stores to be forced out, back room dealsnto cause shipping problems for competitors, and the buying out ofncompetition. Some deals were illegal; some would be viewed asnunethical by many. But it would seem the industry of books were asnruthless as some of the gangster novels they were selling. It was from thisnschooling that Joe adopted the maxim that it was business, notnpersonal. Personally Joe had a very hard time swallowing thenrealities of the world. He would often spend countless nights tossingnand turning with the same sick feeling in the pit of his stomach, thenthought that things were falling apart and out of his control. Backnthen it was because he felt so inept to carry his tasks out, due tonlack of everything, and the crushing weight of the real world wasncollapsing his idealism. It was almost too much to bear. Eventually Joenwould learn to accept realities, though he didn't take part innillegal activities, there were times when he crossed the gray linesnand he found that it got easier to do so with time. The line betweennright or wrong was there but there were gray lines of business, notnthe solid lines of personal matters. Small businesses would be boughtnout, jobs would be lost, people would be cut, people would be let go,nand business would get done because that's what it is, business notnpersonal. After following that mantra, soon that feeling would gonaway and his success grew. Joe would becomena great businessman, ruthless and cunning, able to defeat competitornafter competitor and get Fox Books to the giant that it was. But nownnone of that mattered. He couldn't say it was just business, henfelt like he was that kid fresh out of college not knowing what thenhell was going on. It was personal, everything she said was personal,nand everything I did business wise affected her personally. For oncenhis mantra didn't put his mind at ease. It was personal, and thatnis why I am nothing but a suit. That's all I wanted to see, justnthe business side. But now, it's personal. That's all Joe couldnthink as the pain in his stomach continued to torture him as hencouldn't sleep. It seemed likenthings weren't going right at all for the second time in his life,nand it was one of the longest nights of his life.[Chapter 4] Ch. 4 The daisiesnseemed dull today. The light sneaking past the shades seemed dimmernthen usual. The coffee seemed to grow colder much faster. The bed wasninviting and the day shunned Kathleen. Sleep was a rare commoditynlast night. She kept tossing and turning in her eveningwear. She evenngot up to change even though she was exhausted. She was exhausted tonthe point she couldn't sleep. She was dreading the inevitable, thenheart break. And thenheartbreak over someone she hasn't even met! She was stood up onnher first date, how pathetic! And when she saw that there was nonexplanation of why, that was the straw that made her world fall apartnaround her. And even though she felt she was being silly being hurtnby a guy she has never met, she could not deny the ache in her chest,nthe stale taste in her mouth, and the emptiness of the day. Even though thenday wasn't gray it felt like it was. As she grabbed her coat itnfelt like a chore. She walked out and walked the same path she didneveryday. Anything would have been better then nothing. A simplensorry couldn't make it, a lame excuse. Anything but nothing,nbecause with nothing you assume everything. And that was all she didnlast night. Was I not prettynenough? Did he see me and run away? Did I come on to strong? Should Inhave waited? I should have waited…I should have got to know him sonmore. But I thought I knew him so well and then he does somethingnlike this…did I know him at all in the first place? Should I writenback…That last question never got answered in her head. She wouldnjust keep asking it as if someone else would answer it. The walk wasncold and long. She just imagined how it would be if things went rightnlast night. Then the flowers would be in bloom, her smile out andnbright. The leaves would fall like snow and the sun would shine.nPools of water on the street would paint monumental skylines in theirnreflections and the mosaic of people would roar with the symphony ofnnoises left in wake of all of the city's activities. New York wouldnbe alive and beautiful. Instead it wasnconcrete, people, and noise. Kathleen was the saddest at thatnthought; nothing has ever made her feel that way about New Yorknbefore…[Chapter 5] \"Good morning Sir,nright now the construction is about seventy five percent complete. nThe estimated completion date is in about six weeks. We have hadnsome delays but we are confident we are over the big hurdles and …\" The words blurred intonthe background noise. The air-conditioning was blowing softly. nChairs were squeaking as caffeinated bodies swiveled in them. Coughsnand grunts. All these seemed to deafen the brief that Joe wasnignoring. Usually he is fully engaged, hearing every word. He isnquick with questions that delve into the matter at hand. He forcesnplans to be considered and formulated. He dictates the flow andndirection the project must take. He takes charge. He was great atnit, and he loved it. But today wasndifferent. Today there was no charge. He was bored, sighingnuncontrollably through the brief. It made the presenter nervous andnhe began to stammer through the rest of his progress report. At thenhead of the table, Joe was staring beyond the PowerPoint presentationnin front of him. The blades of light from the shades to the side ofnhim caught his eye, revealing razor thin visions of the cityscapenbeyond. \"…so, um, with thendelays, the extra cost of labor will, um, add about twelve percentnmore cost to the original projection. Um we hope to counter thatncosts with the, ah, savings from acquiring the neighborhood's localnbook store's stocks at a discounted price when they have tonliquidate as we have start to take more of the market…\" \"Thank you Hank,nthat will be enough,\" interrupted Joe. \"Oh, ah yes sir.\" \"Let's cut thisnmeeting short, anyone have anything else.\" All the suits gave anblank stare at him. \"Ok then, thanknyou.\" Everyone began to get up and exit the room. Joe remained. nThe last person shut the door with a puzzled look on his face. Joendidn't even look at him. He remained there thinking of one thoughtnover and over. You are nothing but a suit . He stared at thenmahogany table, its reflection so clear it was like a mirror. Andnstaring back was a distorted image of himself. It was the firstnmeeting he had ever cut short. It was the first time he couldn'tnstand to be in a meeting. You're nothingnbut a suit. He couldn't shake that thought. It was the firstnthing he thought of when he got up in the morning. The weight of itnseemed to drag the entire day down with it. He never recovered fromnit and it seemed the rest of the day was going to get worse. How was he going tonrecover? What are you going to tell her? I knew it! I should havennever agreed to meet her! I screwed it all up…nothing will be thensame. All I can hope for now is an awkward goodbye. That is if shenwould even reply back to me. Would I? His heart quickened with thatnthought…he just didn't know what to do.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 Anxiety \"Henstood you up!?\" Birdie said in a shocking tone. Kathleen Kelly threwnher hands in the air after hearing that phrase for what seemed likenthe hundredth time. She walked toward a stack of books that needednto be organized. She planted them on a bookshelf facing the windownlooking outside into the street. It was early morning, the dew stillnspeckled across the window. The street was full of pedestriansnlooking ahead; busy with their lives. Kathleen was mindlessly movingnbooks around staring at the covers. Her heart was racing, and hernhands just kept moving books around. She was not organizingnanything, just moving books from one place to another, shuffling themnaround, anything to keep her hands moving. The anxiety wasnpalpable. It was in the pit of her stomach, the core of her heart. nThough she just spent the past fifteen minutes creating insanenscenarios to justify his absence, the truth seemed to be bearing downnon her. She was stood up…she danced around that thought trying tonignore it. But the truth weighed down on her like a storm. I wasnstood up … A stern frown forcednits way on her face as she thought of that notion. Her hands hadnstopped moving. A book was staring back at her but she did not paynit any attention. She stared through it with thoughts racing as theyndid last night. Was I not pretty enough, did I come on toonstrong, was he ever interested in me, or did I see something thatnobviously was not there… With the absence ofnany hard answers comes the paranoia of all sorts of anxious reasoningnto fill that void. And since no one was there to answer thosenquestions people tend to answer those questions themselves. In thosencases they always tend to be the worst case answers, fueled byninsecurities. These insecurities of inadequacy and fear ofnloneliness were answering Kathleen's questions. Her biggestninsecure thought was the fact that something she thought was specialnnow seems to be not special. She thought she felt anconnection, something that makes the ordinary and mundane extranordinary. Regular experiences were heightened because of herncorrespondence with this stranger. New York was never so alive,neverything seemed to transcend to a new level. Everything wasnblooming into something beautiful, even the smell of scotch tape! nAll because of the feeling she got from reading and writing mail tonthis person. Now that magic faded. nAll those experiences were revealed to be what they really werenwithout that spice of inspiration, they transformed back into thenmundane. That is what hurt the most that…not the fact that it wasngone but the fact that it may have not existed in the first place. It must have beennbecause I don't see why else he wouldn't show up, he did not feelnthe same way as I did, it didn't mean as much. That's if it evennmeant anything to him at all in the first place...it probably benbetter if we never tried to meet, then at least I would still havensomething to believe in... \"Are younalright my dear?\" Birdie asked. \"Um yeah, sorry Inwas just thinking about something. I'll be back I have to go tonthe bathroom.\" Kathleen quicklynscurried off into the street since the shop did not have a bathroom. nEveryone just used the one in one of the restaurants around thencorner. She blended in with the crowd wanting to be alone in it. nShe seemed to be a pace behind the rest of the city because everyonenwas passing a head of her. She looked slightly down and walked in andefeated fashion. She just couldn't get rid of this bleaknfeeling, this emptiness in her heart. She went into the restaurantnand quietly went into the restroom. Normally she wouldnchat with some of the waitresses she happened to be acquaintancesnwith. They would chat about books and quickly surmise what was newnin their lives. But today she didn't want to look anyone in theneyes; she didn't want to give any invitations to conversation. Shenwanted to be alone…she was successful not getting anyone to noticenshe was there, mostly by keeping her head down. She rushed in and wentninside on of the stalls and closed the door. She slowly sat down andnsighed as she stared at the white door in front of her. Her facencontorted as the corners of her mouth formed a frown. She closed herneyes tightly. She then began to cry silently… ","Summary":" You are nothing but a suit \"You arennothing but a suit,\" said Kathleen in harsh voice. Everything"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"Life is Harder Than Death","Author":"Estelle Stafford","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3908805","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's note: I really loved this movie, but I hated the fact that Annie had to die. I know artistically it was the right choice, but that doesn't make it any less sad. Anyhow This is my first fic for a movie, but I've done plenty for anime so hopefully I don't disappoint: Summary : Annie may have survived death, but she isn't so sure if she can survive the life that she has got herself into, but then again at least she has Nick, not that she deserves him. Nick and Annie, of course! Life is Harder than Death Life is harder than death . I t is cold, cruel, and unforgiving. Death is fair . T here is no feeling, and it is the end of everything, the pain, the sorrow, and the hate. It is also the end of hope, joy, and love. The reason for struggling in such a thing as a Life is not its cold, cruelty, or its lack of forgiveness, but its beauty, warmth, and most of all love . T hese are the reasons we live. Chapter One: Coming Back Annie's head was on his shoulder, her curly hair sprawled on him her delicate hand which was once just pale was now covered in blood, and it seemed all of her was slowly paling, she could feel the life flowing out of her. So, this is what death feels like? At least I did one good thing, she added to her thoughts as she felt his heartbeat under the hand that held her mother's necklace. Nick finally noticed the blood stained on her hand. How could he be so blind? God please don't let her die, not after all she has been through… N ot after all he had been through… N ot after all they had been through. His voice was weak from not using it, but luckily for him, it had not been too long so he shouted as loud as he could, \"Help! Help!\" Struggling to pull himself up, he kept shouting with all he could. \"Help, nurse, anyone!\" Immediately coming to his side was his mother. \"Nicky, honey calm down,\" she tried to get him to relax, brushing his hair lightly and somehow ignoring Annie. \"I can't believe you are awake,\" tears began to pour down her cheeks at the feeling of relief, her eyes gazing down at his; however Nick wouldn't let Annie be forgotten. \"Mom, please look at her!\" he pleaded moving his head downward in the direction of Annie. The older woman eyes followed where Nick was looking at to see the girl, who she believed had cause such pain, but at the same time brought the most precious thing in the world back to her. She knew regardless of the mixed emotions she had about the girl no mother could deny her son anything at such a moment. \"Help her please,\" she gazed upward to see his tears coming. Quickly, she left his side to find a nurse coming down the hall, \"What is going on?\" The woman who asked had bright blue scrub shirt with deer on it, and wore pants to match; her red hair was wrapped in a tight bun, holding a chart in the one hand. \"Is your son alright?\" \"Yes, but the girl with him isn't. She needs help immediately,\" Mrs. Powell said in a rush. The nurse quickly made her way past the mother into the room to see Annie, who seem to be at peace with the world, lying on the chest of the young man whom she almost killed. Looking downward, she noted that the girl had indeed been shot. \"I need a gurney asap!\" she shouted out. As fast as she said it, the nearest attendants went to an elevator to retrieve it. The nurse checked the girl's pulse and a couple of other things. Annie was fading away from the world. \"Is she going to be alright?\" Nick asked staring at the young woman in his arms. You saved me more than you'll ever know. The woman had soft and kind blue eyes that stared into his with sympathy, \"I can't say now. She is probably going to be in critical condition for awhile, if she does survive.\" Nick didn't know what else to say as he watched them take her body away. Fear pulled at his heart. His mother came back in offering the best smile she could, \"Oh Nicky!\" The tears were still there, and more seem to be following, \"If I had let you…\" she cried, throwing herself on him. \"Mom don't…\" he stroked her hair. \"I think we both made mistakes. I never tried to understand what you are going through, but right now all I am concerned for is Annie.\" \"I know, though I don't understand why.\" She hid her anger horribly. She blamed Annie for everything, but most people didn't have the opportunity to see things like Nick had. His near death had been something he hoped not to repeat until he was old, gray, and ready to go but he got to see things in another light. \"She almost killed you!\" \"Mom, please, can we talk about this after I'm better and we know what's going to happen to Annie?\" His mother sighed. \"Of course. I'm just so glad you're okay. I'm not sure what I would have done…,\" she put his face in her hands, \"without you. I could live without your father. I don't like to, but I can't live without you. You understand don't you? You are my world now.\" \"I know mom.\" There was nothing but silence for a moment. Until she spoke, \"Well,\" she let go of his face, \"I think you need some rest. I'll have some water brought in here. So why don't you rest and…,\" she hesitated at first, but she knew in her heart it was what he wanted and so for now it was the right thing, \"I'll check on Annie after I finish some paperwork.\" \"Thanks mom and…,\" she stopped at the door. \"I love you.\" \"I know, Nicky, I know, and I love you, too.\" \"I know,\" he replied managing a small smile, before she left. With that he feel asleep. Annie wandered the halls of the hospital. So this is what this was like for you Nick? She thought to herself. \"I can't be dead yet, then,\" she sighed. Part of her wished she would die already, knowing it was a fate she couldn't run from. Another part was glad she would be able to spend more time with Nick. Why would she be so glad though? I almost killed him! What do I expect us to be buddies after this, no way! He should hate me, why doesn't he? \"Oh Nick, why didn't I see you before?\" she whispered to herself leaning against a wall. \"If I had it wouldn't have to be this way. I wish I could take it back, I really do, but I am glad I met you,\" she said before heading down the halls, searching for his room. Finally finding it, she was relieved he was alone. Sitting down on a stool next to him, she brushed his bangs away. He was so handsome with his brown hair and bright eyes. How did she not see him? \"Can you see me?\" she asked in a soft whisper. She watched as his eyes slowly opened, looking up at her. \"I see you,\" he told her with a slight smile. \"How are you?\" \"Well, dying obviously,\" she retorted, \"but I think I am okay. I did one good thing, so I'm ready to let go.\" \"No,\" Nick grasped her arm in panic. \"I'm not ready for you to leave. Please don't go! You wouldn't let me so I won't you!\" He held on firmly and his beautiful eyes gazed into hers, his voice barely a whisper, \"I won't let you.\" A soft smile was on her face and tears began to form. \"Why? I almost killed you.\" It didn't make any sense to her. \"Why do you pity me?\" \"I don't,\" he replied, \"I could never pity you.\" He began, \"I admit I was pretty pissed at first but then...\" Nick coughed roughly a few times. She reached over for the water to hand it to him, but before he could get it, it returned back to its place, as if it had never been touched. \"That goes with being invisible you can affect nothing by your own hands.\" \"I see. That had to really suck,\" she replied, wiping her tears away. \"I think I should go. Maybe I'll check on Victor.\" He nodded in understanding then reached over to touch her hand before she went. Looking over her shoulder, she seemed shocked by such a kind gesture, but then regained her composure before disappearing. Arriving at her father's house, she found her father weeping with her step-mother at lost what to do. \"I'm sorry. I know I shouldn't say this, but she had it coming.\" Her father turned to his wife. \"I know,\" he admitted. \"I know.\" \"If she makes it what are you going to do?\" she asked. \"I don't know. I won't be taking care of her. God please help because I do love her, but I can't take care of her. I'm trying everything to make sure Victor doesn't turn out like her.\" \"Then perhaps it is for the best if she doesn't make it,\" the woman said with remorse. \"She wouldn't have a much of life anyhow.\" Annie wasn't surprised at the lack of love from her step-mother; from the moment they met, the woman had thought of her nothing but a nuisance. The curly brunette, who looked so much like her mother, had done everything to get rid of the woman before her father married her causing them to get off on the wrong foot immediately. That was right before she started stealing. Until now, she really couldn't remember why she started stealing: Annie walked angrily down the street. She hated her step-mother, HATED her more than anything. That woman had changed her father into a man she didn't even know anymore. He had been with that woman while their mother was sick. The man thought his children didn't know, but Annie sure as hell knew and would never forgive him for it. How could he do that to their mother? Annie shook her head. \"I really hate that bitch . W ouldn't even let me borrow money to buy my brother a present!\" s he complained to herself loudly as she continued to walk down the street. Something caught her eye in the window. There was some really nice jewelry in the window. If she had something like that she could…buy her brother a gift. Didn't her step-mother have some diamond jewelry? Two birds with one-stone would be killed. She would get Victor something nice fore once and she 'd get her revenge, with her mind set she went home immediately. Once noting that her step-mother and father had gone out for the evening, she made sure Victor was sleeping soundly. She watched him for only a moment . H e was so tiny sleeping in his small toddler bed, and so peaceful too. \"I'll get you something nice,\" she stated firmly . \"I promise.\" She walked away and heading to her father's room. Then she snuck into the lovely jewelry box, having long ago remembering the key was. She used to love playing with her mother's jewelry when she was younger . Why did her father let that woman touch some thing of her mother's. He told her, 'it might as well get some use' and that her mother wouldn't want it to go to waste. She briefly wondered as to why her father didn't give it to her then. Cracking it open, she saw beautiful jewelry . S he stole the first thing that caught her eye, quickly putting it in her pocket. She quickly went out into the night, looking for a man who promised her some money for her mother's necklace. He was a man working at the club not too far from her house. \" Hey, I have something for you . \" The man looked strangely at her. \" What are you doing out her e by yourself little one?\" \" I'm not little . I'm 13 and a half,\" she retorted, \"What will you give me for this?\" she held out a beautiful, glimmering diamond necklace. \" Where did you get it?\" he star ed questionably at her. \" Does it matter?\" she asked. She was a tough little girl by nature, but was frighten ed by the older man's presence. \" No, I suppose not, 2 . \" \" 2 dollars ? Y ou got to be kidding me,\" she whined. He laughed lightly. \" No, two grand little one,\" she looked at him surprised . \"I'll take it.\" \" I knew you would.\" And that was how it started: stealing from her step-mother out of revenge. Eventually, she got caught, so she quit stealing from them and began to steal from stores, making thousands of dollars a week. Most of the time after that it was for the thrill more than for the money. She sighed, \"How did I let my life get so screwed up?\" After asking herself that, she let her father and his wife continue their conversation as she headed towards Victor's room. He was playing with his airplane. \"Hello Annie,\" he greeted as he looked up at her. It surprised her that he could see her, when he wasn't supposed to be able to. She understood why Nick could, because he had been so close to death and their recent bond. \"You can see me?\" she questioned walking towards him. \"Why wouldn't I?\" he wondered back, twirling his plane around. \"I don't know,\" answering honestly, something she hadn't been able to do with him for a long time. \"Your hair is down. I like it.\" \"Thanks. I think I do too, though it is probably a mess.\" \"No, it's perfect.\" \"Really,\" she walked over to the mirror, wondering if she could see herself, surprised indeed that she could. Even more shocked that she was perfect. Her outfit might not have been beautiful, but there was no blood on it. Actually there was no blood on her at all, and her hair. Every curl was in its place, and there was no frizz. It was perfect. She looked perfect. She couldn't help but grin, realizing something she had forgotten a long time ago. \"I am pretty, aren't I?\" \"Yeah, I guess so,\" Victor replied. Not really thinking she went to tickle him, making him release the grasp on the plane he had been painting. Everything seemed to go back as if time was turning back. The plane came back into Victor's hand, then he went back to the position in was in before. That was weird. \"Well, I got to go now,\" she stated. \"I need to go check on something.\" \"Are you coming back this time?\" he questioned gazing up at her. \"Victor, I love you, you know that,\" she crouched down to be eye level with him. \"Sis, are you okay?\" \"I…may not be coming back…,\" the tears began to well up, but before they could fall she disappeared… Doctor Michaelis sighed. He had been in surgery for hours working on the young woman, Annie. It had been one of his most difficult operations, considering the girl could die on the table and since she seemed to be half way there anyway. But she hadn't died, it was a miracle and he knew it. He never been a spiritual man but tonight, he was considering it. He never came so close to a patient dying on the table, who had actually made it. Though, he knew she had a long road ahead, he couldn't help be hopeful that she would make it where others hadn't. \"Doctor,\" a woman with a clipped board called. \"Her vital signs are well. I think we should inform the parents immediately.\" \"Yes, and could you please tell Mrs. Powell as well?\" he looked up at the young dirty blond girl with her hair in a ponytail, wearing purple puppy embellished scrubs. \"But sir,\" she retorted. Yep! She was no doubt new—about to preach protocol to him. \"I know what we are normally supposed to do dear,\" he pulled himself up, his tired brown eyes looked into hers. \"But could you do me this one favor, please,\" \"Of course Doctor Michealis. I'll inform her at once,\" giving him a light smile before he left. He sighed. \"New Nurses, always think every rule is not meant to be broken.\" Author's Commentary: The story came from was inspired by the fanfiction You Understand by snowstargirl , if you haven't read it yet, please do it was amazing! Anyhow I'm going back through and editing things. I also plan watching the movie again, so I can get re-inspired and write a little better. I also want to say thanks to my new beta: Bellatrix Kale[Chapter 2] Life is harder than Death Disclaimer: Do not own The Invisible Chapter Two: Deciding to Live Ms. Powell stared down at her son, to see he was at so much peace. She wondered how he been the days he was down…No she can't think about that . Shaking her head, she rid herself of such thoughts and continued to run her hands through his hair. \"Honey, I'm so glad you are alright. Now we will have the chance to make up and really talk.\" \"Mrs. Powell,\" a voice called softly interrupting the mother with much hesitation, tired eyes gazed upward to see a blond nurse with bright blue eyes. \"Ye…s,\" \"The girl survived the surgery.\" Nick's mother didn't know whether to be relieved or… what? The girl almost killed her son, yet Nick wanted to forgive her, so…her death would not have been for the best. How would have the death affected her son? Diane could only guess. If she was alive and well the girl would have the justice system and eventually an angry mother to face. Yes, without doubt the wrath of Diane Powell would fall upon girl. She would have gotten off easy by dying. \"Alright, thank you dear,\" she replied looking back down at Nick. \"How can you forgive that girl so easily?\" Pete was zoned out as the lady talked to his group about grieving. He had been in the mental ward for about two days now, since he tried to commit suicide, and all he could think about was how Nick was doing. Nobody would tell him. He had asked several times, but the nurses couldn't divulge that kind of information to him. \"How about you Pete. Have you ever dealt with grief?\" Looking at the woman who had a somewhat serious, but kind expression on her face. He glared at her. \"I helped almost kill my best friend and then tried to hide the body. What do you think?\" \"I am here because of an overdose,\" an old tired man piped in. \"Because I was driving when my wife died.\" Pete stared at the man with astonishment. He wasn't the only one who had fucked up so bad. \"So I'm not alone.\" \"Don't you wish you were,\" tears welled up in the man's eyes. It seemed there was a story of regrets there as well. Dr. Michaelis promptly entered into Nick's room and saw his mother sleeping by his side. \"Mothers are so stubborn,\" he stated without trying to be quiet about it. \"Yeah, she's just afraid somebody will kidnap me, again I guess,\" Nick stated. \"Ah, you're awake Mr. Powell. Well I hate to ask you, but you should probably wake her up,\" nodding towards Diane. \"Mothers have tendency to want to take my head off for not letting them know every little detail about their children.\" Nick nodded and slowly moved his hand. The doctor watched the boy's hand. This was also so Dr. Michaelis could observe, his movement, he knew the boys legs were probably weak, but the boy still had some strength in his hands. \"Mom,\" Nick gently called. \"Mom.\" \"Hmm? Nicky, just sleep, I have work in the morning,\" she replied. Nick smiled, that was his mom alright. \"The doctor is here,\" with that said the woman jerked her head up and turned to see the doctor. \"Sorry. I know you haven't slept much, but I figured you want to know what was going on with your son.\" \"Yes, I do.\" She pulled herself up and sat up in the chair. \"So what is going on?\" \"Well, I'm going to need to run a few more tests, but your son is pretty lucky,\" The doctor began, \"He has cracked ribs, while those are very painful, they'll heal on their own. There doesn't seem to be any brain damage from the scans ran last night, but…\" \"What?\" \"Nick do you feel your legs?\" Dr. Michaelis asked him. His mother looked to her son in horror. It hadn't registered to Nick, until now, that his legs felt numb. \"No.\" \"It may only be temporary. It could come back within months, and we need to see if it is caused by swelling or if your spinal cord is injured.\" Rage flowed throw Diane. Her son may never walk again. Yes she was grateful he was alive, but he may never walk again, thanks to Annie. \"Mom, what's wrong?\" She turned and glared. The doctor knew his cue when he saw it, so he left the room. \"What's wrong? Nicky! You may never walk again.\" \"I also could have died, but I didn't thanks to…\" \"Don't you dare. It's bad enough you asked me to check on her, now you are thanking her? Please don't do this, not now Nicky.\" There was a flood coming and Nick reached out for his mother, but then it hit him. \"Is she alive?\" \"Yes,\" his mother replied. \"I was going to see if she had woken up yet…I don't know if I can now…\" \"I understand,\" Nick replied, \"but…\" \"Give me some time. I want to be with you right now. Now, do you need anything water? Want me to sneak in some real food?\" \"Actually yeah,\" Nick gave her a bright smile and earning one in return. Marcus found it real easy to get help. His old friend Jillian was a genius with fixing people up, being an actual doctor who never got paid for it because she had a big heart; the poor dumb bitch, working with the homeless. She thought he was good guy at heart and was in love with him. Her opinion of Annie was very low, she begged Marcus to drop her, but he wouldn't. He said that he had loved her. Little did Jillian, or Annie, know that he was just using Annie like he was using the beautiful little blond before him, removing the bullet from him. \"Try to hold still this will hurt like hell!\" she stated as she went for the bullet. He knew it would be hell, if she said a word like that, she never used words like that, and when she yanked he let out a yell. \"Aw fuck! That hurts,\" \"Yeah, it's supposed to. Anyway, I gotta get antiseptic and stuff to clean it with, and then I'll patch you up.\" He gave her a wide smile. \"Thanks Jill, knew I could count on you. So could you help me disappear for awhile too?\" \"Why?\" she wondered. \"Haven't you watched the news lately? Annie has gotten out of control again. She almost killed a guy! She was the one who shot me.\" Her blue eyes widened in horror. \"What!\" Jillian exclaimed picking up her tools, \"I told you to give up on her.\" \"I know and I am, but I have to find somewhere to go away for awhile.\" At least until I can take of Annie Newton , once and for all. \"I might know of a place you can disappear to,\" she held a finger on her chin in thought. \"It isn't the greatest place, but perhaps it is the best, nobody will even know you exist.\" \"That will be perfect!\" he gave a soft peck on Jillian's cheek. Annie awoke to see that she was indeed in the hospital, and the pain in her side had let her know that she was in her body. Gazing upward she was shocked to see Nick's mother looking sternly down at her. It reminded her the first time her step-mother picked her up from jail. \"I…I,\" she began. \"Don't speak,\" the woman said firmly. \"I still can't forgive you, but I can't hate you either. Oh! I can't understand him at all,\" tears were falling down her cheeks. \"He cares for you, but let's get one thing straight I don't like you.\" \"I understand you shouldn't,\" Annie appeared so remorseful gazing downward at her gown. \"But I'm not letting you throw your life away, because of you my son is still alive. I know you weren't the only one involved. I know you could have let him die, but didn't.\" \"What are you talking about?\" the curly haired girl looked shocked. \"Pete confessed everything to the police before he was hospitalized. Oh the things you put him through,\" she glared at Annie harshly. \"He almost killed himself due to the guilt he carried because you didn't believe him when he said he didn't tell on you. He was so scared he said Nick did it, because Nick was supposed to be gone. I blame myself for that, if I hadn't changed his flight…,\" her tears began to flow again, \"but luckily Pete was saved by his father.\" Taking a deep breath she continued, \"I know the cops said they got an anonymous tip and I didn't know until now who gave it to them. It was you wasn't it?\" Annie didn't answer. \"And I don't quite understand what happened and how you brought him back when you came to him, but,\" she sighed. \"So you see I can't hate you, oh I want to, but I can't. You saved Nick.\" \"You should hate me.\" \"You are right about that.\" \"So what are you doing here?\" \"Nick was worried about you,\" She sighed, \"I figured I'd check on you so I could tell him when you woke up.\" \"I see, is he okay?\" \"Yes, not that it's your concern. The doctors said he'll need intense therapy, and-\" \"Good, I'm glad,\" she said out loud, but whispered, \"I did one good thing. Wait and-?\" Annie looked up questionably. \"He may never walk again,\" Diane added bitterly. \"Oh God,\" Annie felt like she was choking, her one good deed failed. She cried, \"I'm so sorry, I wish I…\" Annie Newton didn't know what else to say. \"Yes, you should be,\" the woman agreed. She looked outside the window, \"I think an officer wants to speak with you.\" Diane left and Brian Larson greeted her with a nod before she turned to go back and check on Nick. \"Hello Annie,\" he greeted. Gazing up, she winced a bit from the pain, wiping tears away. \"So what's going to happen to me?\" Getting straight to the point, \"I don't know what to do anymore.\" Brian gave her a half hearted smile. \"Not sure, though you'll be able to bargain with the D.A. but with your record...And you did assault Nick. I'm sure his mother will bring you on charges.\" He watched the woman, who seemed lost in rage and pain, disappear down the hall. She didn't hate Annie from what he could tell, but he wasn't sure what she felt. \"I know.\" \"So jail, but will it be forever?\" Annie would never tell, but she almost thought jail been easier to deal with then anything else. She would know what to do then, she would know how to live: fight for survival. \"No,\" Brian shook his head, \"I don't even think you'll get jail time.\" \"What, but the crimes I committed…,\" Annie retorted with a jerk, causing her to cry out, a couple of tears fell from the pain she was in. \"Annie, you need to relax. The press is spinning it in your favor. No judge is going to put a hero in jail, especially one who almost died.\" \"I almost killed Nick! The press can't possibly spin it in my favor.\" \"It's spun,\" Brian replied, recalling watching the news this morning. He didn't know how the reporters found out about Annie, but they did. \"What did you do?\" \"Nothing, Annie, think of this as a second chance. You'll do community service maybe and-\" \"What?\" Tears began to pour down her cheeks as she cried, \"I'm a fuck up okay! There is nothing waiting for me. I'm broken, just like Nick said.\" \"Annie,\" \"My father won't take care of me. I won't be able to walk for awhile you know that!\" she yelled. \"I wished had died.\" \"Don't you dare say that, ever!\" Annie looked up to see a pair of eyes, whose life she almost stolen. \"Nick...\" When Mr. Newton got the call that morning, he didn't know what to say. Annie was alive. She had survived the surgery. Both him and Lindy were sure she was going to die, they were even sure it was for the best. Now however, Jack wasn't so sure. Annie was his daughter and he almost lost her, something precious to him. Maybe this was a second chance. Should he just let it go, act as if he doesn't care or should he try to build his relationship with Annie again? \"Who was that?\" Lindy asked. \"The hospital,\" giving her a shock looked. \"I take it she died, like we expected.\" \"No, she's alive and awake.\" \"I see,\" Lindy frowned a little bit. \"Well, then, that's…what do they want us to do?\" \"As her parents they were just informing us…I'm going to visit her.\" \"I don't think you should,\" Lindy crossed her arms firmly. \"You can't possibly be hoping to bring her into this home. I won't stand for it.\" \"Can I go see Annie, too?\" Victor asked. \"She left pretty quickly, I don't know how though.\" \"What are you talking about?\" Lindy softened her voice looking down at the boy, \"Your sister has been in the hospital.\" She was meeting with him, eye to eye. \"I'm not sure if you should see her. She won't look very well.\" \"She looked pretty earlier,\" Victor stated, \"And I've seen her look pretty bad before.\" \"I'm going,\" Jack said firmly. \"Come on Victor, you'll wait in the waiting room, and I'll let you see her if she is okay to see alright.\" \"Okay, but I'm sure she's fine.\" \"Jack don't you dare expose him!\" Jack ignored his wife and grabbed his jacket hanging by the door, as well as Victor's. Nick awoke to the sun and his mother smiling at him. \"Hello honey!\" she greeted warmly. For a moment, he felt like he was five and his father was still alive, breakfast was waiting on the table and his mom wasn't buried in work. \"Hi,\" he greeted while adjusting himself, then when the pain rushed to him, he realized he wasn't five and his father was dead. He realized he's in the hospital, on a very comfortable bed, but his mother was there not buried in her work. His face fell a little, when he saw her expression \"Mom,\" she looked so tired. \"Yeah dear, do you need water?\" He hadn't realized how thirsty he was until she said something. Nodding, she immediately went and got some water. Not too far from the hall he heard it, her voice…She was alive! He took all the strength he had and tried to crawl out of bed. When his mother turned around to bring the water she found him on the floor. The cup crashed to the floor, water splashing everywhere. \"Nicky!\" she cried. \"What are you doing?\" She dove to his side and tried to bring him back to bed, but he begun he tried to pull his arms out of her grip. \"Nicky.\" \"Annie,\" he cried. \"She's fine!\" his mother assured him. \"I was going to tell you, calm down.\" He still fought her. \"Let me see her, please mom, please! I have to,\" he begged. \"Nicky I need you to get back in bed!\" she scolded, but was on the verge of tears. \"Right now!\" \"I have to see her. I have to touch her. I have to know! She was fading when I touched her last, please,\" he fought as hard as he could, but his body was weak. Desperation in his voice broke his mother's heart. \"Okay, only for a second,\" she reluctantly yelled, \"Nurse!\" A nurse wearing a plain purple shirt rushed over ready to help put Nick in bed, but Mrs. Powell stopped her. \"I need a wheel chair!\" \"But Mrs. Powell, he really should be in-\" \"I don't care. Either you get him a wheel chair or we end up fighting with him for the next 30 minutes trying to get him in bed. When his request will take us ten minutes to fulfill and he'll go to bed without a fuss, won't you Nicky?\" she looked sternly at him. \"Yes, mom I will.\" \"Okay,\" the nurse complied and found a wheel chair. They helped him into the wheel chair, and then Mrs. Powell told the nurse she would take it from there. The nurse look a bit nervous, but she decided fighting the determined mother was a lost cause. Mrs. Powell wheeled Nick to Annie's room with a stern expression. \"I know you hate this mom, but please know I love you, and appreciate for it.\" His mother took a deep sigh before heading into the room. \"I don't understand any of this Nick, but you are being stubborn and you never fought so hard for something before so, at least not so openly. I figure you really must want this, whatever this is with this girl…\" she trailed off. \"I don't know what it is…I think we were both invisible to each other and I don't want to be invisible anymore. I don't want her to be invisible.\" \"I don't understand,\" his mother was confused as she stopped at Annie's door. \"But we're here, and you were never invisible to me. I saw you always. Sure I may not have seen all of you, but I saw you and all you would let me see.\" \"I know. I don't want to hide anymore.\" \"I wish I had died.\" The words broke their conversation and Nick's heart. He pushed the door open, \"Don't ever say that.\" His mother was behind him, supporting him, while Annie just stared at him. \"Nick-\" \"Annie, I don't ever wanna hear you say that ever again!\" he yelled. \"Nick, you don't understand. You were right, I'm broken. I have no where to go. I may not even have jail to go to.\" \"What is she talking about?\" Diane questioned. \"Why does she actually sound like she wants to go to jail? What makes her think she isn't going?\" \"Mrs. Powell, I-\" \"Because she almost killed my son,\" \"Mom, won't stop you,\" he looked at Annie. \"You are broken.\" \"I know.\" There was something that Diane nor Brian could understand between the two young adults. An unspoken language: a connection they had together. \"Don't you want to heal?\" \"I think it is too late for me,\" she replied. \"I almost killed you. I can't go back from that.\" Mrs. Powell noticed the true remorse from the girl. All the anger she felt for the girl disappeared. She saved him. She didn't have to, but she did. \"You can move from it,\" Nick stated. \"I have no where to move to.\" \"You can move in with me,\" Brian piped up. \"It's a small apartment and you'd have a curfew, rules to follow, and you'll have to do house work, but you can move in with me.\" \"Why?\" Annie asked, \"Why would you do that?\" \"I want you to move on too. If a stranger can believe in you, don't you think someone who has known you for years has a lot of faith in you as well?\" \"He isn't as much as a stranger as you think,\" Annie looked at Nick and smiled. \"I'll move, I can't do it for me,\" she cried, \"but I'll do it for Victor and I'll do it for you Nick, if you'll walk for me!\" Diane didn't know what to say, she wondered who Victor was, a boyfriend maybe? \"I walk again and you move on with your life.\"[Chapter 3] Life is Harder than Death Chapter 3: Beauty in the Dark Victor was shocked when he saw his sister. She didn't look anything like she had before, except her hair was still down, but it looked to be a mess. In a hospital gown, she seemed very pale against the material. She looked half dead. Jack noted the frown upon his son's face, \"Victor? Do you need to go out in the hall?\" \"No,\" he shook his head, \"she doesn't look as pretty as before.\" \"Before?\" Mr. Powell didn't understand what was going on, \"when did you last see your sister?\" \"Yesterday afternoon,\" Jack got onto his knees to look into his son's eyes, putting hands on his shoulder, \"Victor…son…Annie never came by.\" \"Yes, she did!\" Victor insisted, \"I saw her. She looked prettier than ever, even since mom died.\" \"Victor, she was here in the hospital yesterday.\" \"No, she wasn't I saw her!\" the little boy insisted with tears. \"Ugh,\" another voice interrupted them. The two look over to see Annie slowly awaken, \"What's going on?\" rubbing her eyes, a soft smile graced her face when she saw her adorable little brother. \"Annie, didn't you see me yesterday?\" Victor questioned eagerly, looking at her, praying she would agree with him. Thinking a moment on what to say she finally replied, \"Yes, I did.\" Victor smiled at his win. \"Annie, you were here yesterday.\" \"But I did see him, I saw him in my dreams.\" Victor frowned, but then he saw Annie wink and he smiled. \"I see, well…,\" \"What are you doing here anyway?\" Annie asked. \"The hospital called the other day… we didn't think you…,\" \"You were sure I was going to die.\" Disappointment…why was she feeling that? Hadn't she already known what they had thought and hoped for her fate. \"Yes,\" \"Me too, but I still don't understand why you are here?\" \"I don't,\" he admitted. \"I just…I don't know. I don't know what I'm supposed to say or do, Annie. I can't help you anymore, but I…you're still my daughter.\" \"No, I'm your kid, you gave up on me being your daughter years ago,\" She spat. \"Annie...how can you…,\" \"I'm glad you brought Victor, but there is no reason for you to be here!\" Flashbacks of the past ran inside her head. \"Fine, Victor we need to go anyway, the nurse we'll be along to to shoo us away, anyhow.\" Her father said firmly grabbing Victor's hand. Victor tried to break the grip, \"Annie!\" he called from down the hall, his other hand reaching out. \"Things are better this way Victor, you'll be okay.\" She whispered reaching out for him as well, tears pour down her cheeks. \"I love you.\" Nick was not sure if he liked this woman yet or not. She was a bit pushy, but she knew what she was doing…he hoped. The physical therapist had him doing strengthen exercises. He was asked to squeeze a ball several times in a row, stretch out a rubber rope, and several other strange things. \"Let's work on your legs,\" she lifted his leg and pushed it back and forth. \"Shouldn't we wait until I know I can walk?\" \"You won't be able to walk, if your legs are extremely weak. We need to make sure your legs stay strong, so you can walk again.\" \"Yeah and I will,\" he replied thinking about Annie. After several minutes, his mother arrived to check on him, \"How is he doing?\" She stood next to the therapist. \"Pretty good,\" Shirley stated, \"He'll be up and about before you know it, chasing after pretty girls again.\" \"Oh I hope he doesn't chase the girls for awhile,\" Diane replied with a sigh, \"but I'm glad he is doing fine.\" \"Yeah, he is well...I think it is time for me to go,\" the blonde stated standing up. I have to turn in my report. Walking away, her bright smile began to fade as she headed down the hall. She thought about the chances that the paralysis was only temporary, and they weren't high. Dr. Michaelis stared at the ex-rays, examining Nick's spinal cord and frowned. He should have been happy because it was a swelling that was causing the paralysis. But the problem was that the swelling seemed to be increasing, instead of going down and it would seem surgery would be needed to relieve the pressure. However, surgery that close to the spinal cord was dangerous. \"Doctor,\" one of the nurses called from behind, \"patient in room 324 is awake, if you wish to speak with her.\" He sighed, then taking down the black photos, he responded, \"I do, I'll be there in a minute, and bring me her X-rays too.\" \"Of course sir,\" \"Well, you are one lucky girl, you should be dead,\" Dr. Michaelis stated without hesitation. \"I know,\" Annie replied. \"You'll have a little physical therapy you'll have to go to for awhile, but you can go home tomorrow.\" \"Okay,\" she seemed to be so sad. \"Why gloomy, most patients would be ecstatic about that news.\" \"I should be, but I'm really not ready to go anywhere.\" \"I see, well…I'm not going to tell you any B.S. Annie. Life really sucks and sometimes we make it suck for ourselves even more.\" \"I know,\" tears began to well in her eyes. \"But there is beauty you know, even in the dark moments,\" he added before standing up and disappearing down the hall. \"Beauty? Is there any beauty left in my life?\" Victor, that is what's beautiful in my life. Nick... him of also, I don't know why he cares for me, but I… I made a promise to both of them. I need to move on so I can take Victor out to fly his plane. \"Maybe there is just a little beauty left, just a little.\" She smiled a tiny bit as she thought of Nick and Victor, \"Or maybe a whole lot.\" \"Good,\" Detective Larson was not equipped to take care of a teenage girl. Hell! He was barely equipped to take care of himself. Looking at his apartment it was a complete mess. There were magazines on the floor, dirty dishes scattered about, and paper work covered the coffee table. \"I got a lot of work to do before tomorrow.\" Once again he asked himself why he volunteered for this, but then he would think about the hopeful expression that had graced Annie's face the other day, which had been rare . It is all worth it! He immediately began throwing out trash, and straightening things out. \"Pete,\" a voice called, \"It is time for your meds.\" Pete looked up to see the nurse wearing a doggy scrub staring at him. \"Yeah, so?\" \"You need to take them. They'll make you feel better.\" \"Yeah, I tried using meds to feel better.\" He glared, \"You idiots stopped me.\" \"No, that wouldn't have made you feel better, Pete, if you want ever leave this hospital again, you'll take your meds.\" \"What for? I will be going to jail after this,\" \"Pete that isn't set in stone, you know,\" the nurse said kindly, \"I think once you start taking your meds things will look a little brighter.\" \"How can the things I done look any brighter. I help almost kill my best friend.\" \"Pete, you need to forgive yourself.\" \"Ah, quit bothering the boy, he is not going to take the poison today!\" It was the same old man that had confessed driving the car when his wife died. What was his name, oh yeah, David. \"Mr. Jones, I prefer if you didn't call the medicine poison and you need to take yours too.\" \"Why would I need any of that stuff, I'm supposed to feel like crap and that medicine isn't going to change that.\" The nurse sighed and then went to give the other patients their meds. \"So Pete, you help almost kill your best friend huh?\" David questioned a slight smile on his face, \"I'll share my story if you share yours. I don't much feel like sharing much with these idiots, but I can share my story with someone who feels the same I do about this place.\" Pete just nodded in agreement. \"Alright, so tell me a little bit about your best friend.\" Dr. Michealis walked into Nick's room, checked over his chart, then looked over to his mother. \"Well, good news is that the parlysis is caused by swelling.\" \"Bad news?\" Diane questioned arms crossed and a firm look was placed on her face. \"Well…the swelling is so close, that if it doesn't go down by tomorrow, you'll have to decide if you want surgery or not.\" \"Surgery?\" the word fell off Diane's lips as if it were poision. \"Yes, surgery, and it is kind of risky.\" \"I'll do it,\" Nick exclaimed, before his mother said anything. \"Nick, please…\" She then turned to the doctor, \"What kind of risks? \"Well, if it fails, not only will it be permanent, it could cause paralysis in the rest of his body.\" \"I'll do it.\" \"Nick! Please think about this, you may not only lose your ability to walk again, but your ability to function at all. Do you really want to take that risk?\" \"I promised Annie, I walk again and I will.\" He told his mother firmly. \"Nick, stop this! I need you to think of me, of yourself, not that girl! You have another life waiting for you!\" Diane yelled. \"I can't! I made a promise!\" \"Yes, I know and I wish I understood why,\" she looked pleading down to him grabbing his hand, \"but,\" tears fell down her eyes, \"I can't. I guess I never will but I need you to understand me. I don't want you to make things worse for yourself then they already are. I want you to walk again, believe me, but I don't want you taking unnecessary risks, not now.\" \"I'm sorry mom, but I can't…I have to walk again. This isn't just about Annie. I want my own life that still hasn't change. I can't do that if I can't walk.\" Night fell and Annie found herself looking at the window thinking about Nick. I can't believe I never saw him before, now he is all I think about. Why was I so willing to die for him? Oh yeah, because it would have been my one good deed. I suppose the better question is why I'm willing to live for him? After she got out of the hospital, she would move on with her life and he, his. They never would see each other again. Would they? So why was she willing to do so much for someone who was going to be part of her life so shortly. Did she want him to be part of bigger section of her life? If so, did it matter? No way Diane was going to let her son around the girl who almost snatched his life away, though…no she shouldn't hope for such things. And surly Nick would come to his senses and realize that Annie wasn't worth being around. She wasn't sure why he was so desperate to save her. Perhaps, it was pity…no that couldn't be it. What was it? Why did he think she was worth saving? And why did she all the sudden want to live, again? Wasn't it just for Nick, Victor, no... it was for herself. She wanted to see if she could live a better life, a life she always wanted, but never let herself have, perhaps this was her second chance and she would selfishly take it. Annie closed her eyes and let herself fall into a slumber away from these thoughts. Having no idea what tomorrow would bring but hoping she would see the beauty in it. Author's Commentary: It took longer than I thought, I wasn't sure where to go with this one, but the next chapter I have a serious clue on where I'm going, so...anyhow updates have been slow with everything I'm writing, devoting most of my time to an original piece. I hope to update monthly on everything, no promises though.[Chapter 4] Life is Harder than Death Author's Note: I decided the original version of this chapter wasn't that great, so I tossed it and did this instead, so the story will be continuing on from here. Chapter Four: What do you say? Annie sat the last item in a jewelry box, her mother's necklace. She didn't have much in the room she was now residing in. A few clothes in the closet were hers; the other was Brian's, matter of fact and most of the stuff in that room was Detective Larson's. It made sense considering it was his ROOM. She still can't believe he gave up his room; though she argued about it with him, he surprisingly won. He would sleep on the couch. It turned out to be a good arrangement since he came in late some days anyhow, he wouldn't disturb her this way. There had been rules made. She was to go nowhere without him, unless it was for an appointment and then it was only with friends he trusted. In case she decided not to listen; a few of his friends would come in and check in on her. One of them was Janie, his girlfriend, and she was here at the moment. \"I brought rations for the prisoner!\" the woman announced coming in. She was dressed in black dress pants and blue silk blouse. Her brown haired was pulled up in a bun, showing off her face, bright blue eyes, thin pale pink lips, and slight pink blush upon her pale cheeks. \"Hey Janie,\" Annie called grabbing her crutches to turn off the T.V. that had been blasting. Janie came in with a box of pizza. \"I have an hour off for lunch, so I thought I bring you some lunch and visit. I see you are getting around and that you also lost the remote.\" She noted looking down at her legs. \"Yeah, well…you have no idea how easy it is to lose stuff in this tiny apartment. I bet Brian called you this morning before he left for work.\" The brown haired woman sat the box down on the coffee table. Annie sat back on the couch letting the crutches rest against the couch. \"Yes, but he is my boyfriend dear, hope you like pepperoni, should have asked, but it occurred to this mind too late.\" \"Yeah, but he probably asked for you to check up on me.\" \"He asks everyone, only because he cares. Luke will be here before he takes off for work himself.\" \"Detective James has the night shift?\" Annie asked interested. \"Yep, he usually works days, but he and a buddy switched I guess. His wife April is all in a panic; she says that place is dangerous enough in the day.\" \"I know, but that's before all the wannabe crooks come out isn't it?\" \"If you're referring to yourself dear, that's in the past. Matter of fact how is your case going, anyhow?\" \"Well, I'm going to meet with my lawyer today about what is going to happen. I have to thank you again for hiring her, though I think you're wasting your time.\" Janie grabbed a slice of pizza, \"You're welcome, but what do you mean I'm wasting my time, dear?\" \"Come on,\" she takes a deep breath, \"I beat Nick senseless there isn't m-\" \"Nick isn't even pressing charges. It is hard to make a case for that.\" \"I know but still…\" Annie took a bite. \"Where's the justice?\" \"Everywhere, you have to live now knowing what you done. Believe me, there is plenty of ways for justice to be severed whether it be divine or from the Earth. You can't escape it Annie.\" \"Oh that just sounds so perky,\" she replied sarcastically. \"It is a fact of life, but you'll live through it.\" Janie just shrugged. \"So…have you spoken to Nick lately?\" Annie took a deep breathe, \"No, I haven't....\" \"Are you going to?\" \"I don't know what to say anymore... No that is not true,\" she confesses and the older woman listens intently, \"I want to tell him that I...I...need him, which isn't fair,\" she slouches back more into the couch. Nick was still in the hospital and he has decided that he likes the fiery Shirley, \"Well, you know you could lay back and hope for the best or go for it. Quite personally I would take the surgery myself, but I wouldn't be advising you of anything you know.\" She remarks with a wink. \"Yeah, because that is completely against hospital regulations, but why would you care?\" He responds sarcastically. \"Not much,\" she winks and pulls out a brown bag which probably has some kind of greasy concoction in it that she had managed to sneak in. \"You are way too skinny! Eat up.\" He chuckled, \"You'll make me work off all this anyway.\" \"Exactly, that's why it shouldn't be such a crime. Can't sneak in food, can't give advice, can't have cigarettes, and no flirting with sexy doctors on the first floor,\" she complained. \"Boy, they don't let us have a social life, but they won't let us have fun inside either. You know I worked a double shift twice this week, just alone!\" Nick grins in between eating his burger. Shirley was such a drama queen. \"Sigh, anyhow finish up, I got to work on your legs, as well as your arms. We'll do some strengthening exercises.\" \"I hate that damn rubber rope,\" he whines. \"It helps with your muscles. You'll be needing your arms, you know, for holding a pretty girl tight.\" \"Well, maybe after I get my strength back in a few months, I'll have a pretty girl to wrap my arms around.\" \"No girlfriend, huh?\" She pulls up a stool and begins to bend his arm back and forth. \"Not really.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" \"Well, I did have a girlfriend, but she hasn't visited me, and I'm not sure if I still would want to be with her, if I could.\" \"Why not?\" \"We didn't actually have the same ideas for the future and...\" Shirley raised a brow, \"There's another girl.\" \"Yeah,\" he admits. \"Though, I'm not sure if that will ever be an option.\" \"Well, you both would need a lot of healing.\" \"What? You know who I am talking about?\" She smirks and holds her hand out, indicating she wants the other arm. \"Yeah, and I know whatever it is you got going with that Annie girl is a complicated mess. If it were me, I think I dive right in, because who gives a damn about complications. Okay kid, time for strengthening exercises.\" Nick groaned as she brought out the rubber rope. Annie immediately took in the features of her lawyer, and without a doubt: SHE WAS A LAWYER. She strutted in with confidence, like nothing Annie had ever seen. She was dressed professionally in a well pressed suit, her black hair was resting on top of head in a perfect bun, and her face was covered in very plan makeup, highlighting the neutral expression. \"Hello Annie,\" she greeted and held out her hand, \"I am Mrs. Concord.\" \"Hello,\" she took her hand hesitantly, \"It's nice to meet you.\" \"Okay, now that we are properly introduced I'm getting straight down to business.\" \"O-kay,\" Annie never had good luck with anyone in higher authority and Mrs. Concord screamed it. \"Honestly, I thought with all the positive press this was going to be an easy win. As usual, something or more likely, someone has to burst my bubble. Do you know of a Rick Chevall?\" She inquired as she sat down, she indicated that Annie do the same, who slowly appeased her by sitting across from her. \"I have no clue.\" \"You are absolutely sure,\" \"Yes,\" \"Then why the hell is he going after you?\" That surprised Annie's eyes widen completely. \"Excuse me?\" She was not sure, she heard right. \"Do you have a probably with my lack of professionalism, because quiet frankly I don't feel like it and I'm not really getting paid to be professional here, except in court. I'll be professional there.\" \"I...,\" Annie wasn't sure what to say. \"Don't act like such a mouse. We both know you're not.\" \"Hey,\" she growled, what ever fear she had of this woman holding her life in her hands was vanishing. \"Don't call me a mouse; I just don't want to go to jail.\" \"Then let's not waste our time worrying about professionalism and get right on with the show. First, thing is first, I think you should stay away from Nicholas Powell.\" \"Why?\" \"Because Mr. Chevall's number one defense is going to be proving the unreliability of Nick's testimony and if you spend time with him you comprise his testimony, so I'm advising you to stay away.\" Nick was glad therapy was over. He liked Shirley and everything, but some of that stuff made him feel like an idiot, plus the massages were not as nice he would thought they would be. However, as much as he abhorred therapy, he was completely bored. His mother would come and visit when she could, but she went back to work, and was actually grateful, because her hovering was starting to drive him insane. The problem was he was still bored. He really wanted out of the damn bed. \"Huh,\" he sighed and turned on T.V with the remote by his bedside. \"It has been speculated that Miss Newton's trial will be set to start on September 22, which is only a few days, away. Originally, there was to be no trial, but Mr. Chevall has decided to take on the case. Nick pulled himself up to listen better, surprised, \"Here he is now.\" The screen changed to show an elderly and impeccable dressed man in front of the press, \"I intend to show that Miss. Newton indeed had planned to beat and kill Nicholas Powell.\" \"That can't be good,\" he stated to himself. He wondered if he and Annie would ever get pass this mess she had managed to throw them in. His feelings were a bit messed up because he had not really anytime to be mad, he just wanted Annie to be alive. Now he was wondering why he wasn't angry, when he had this time on hands. Why all he wanted to do was forget the past and move on with Annie. When had she become so special to him? Pete stared behind him, he did not feel any better about himself, but at least now he knew he was not alone. \"Come on son,\" Mr. Egen said, \"Let's get you home, your mom is making your favorite.\" \"I wish she wouldn't, I just want to go home and sleep.\" \"You need to eat something.\" He said, \"Maybe we can visit Nick after his surgery, I think Diane said he'll be having it pretty soon.\" Pete did not say anything. He didn't want to eat, he did not want to go home...not really, and he certainly did not want to see his best friend. \"Dr. Michealis,\" a female nurse called from down the hall, he turned his head. He had just been making his rounds. \"Yes, Mrs. Wilson.\" He greeted adjusting his glasses. \"Everything is all set for the surgery,\" She looked down at a clip board to see the various documents. \"I think all we need is Mr. Powell to sign a few papers. Do you want me to get those for you?\" \"Yes,\" he replied, \"but let me speak with him and his mother first before you get them.\" \"Of course,\" she strolled back down the hall. Mr. Michaelis sighed; he was going to remind Nick one more time what the risks are, but he knew what someone with a mind made up looked like and Mr. Powell was the epitome of determination.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Go back and at least skim chapter four, cause it has been redone. Jillian's character has been redone, too, she was way too mousy. Ask and you shall receive, your constant reviews and P.M.s have made this possible. Thank you! Life is harder than Death Chapter Five: Author: Estelle Stafford Beta: Bellatrix Kale The Human Obstacles Jillian looked over her shoulder; it seemed that she was doing that more these days. What did she expect, harboring a criminal and all? What did she get herself into this time? Still... This was Marcus, she'd do just about anything for him and she guessed she was. She headed up the stairs. She knew this was a dangerous neighborhood but she had been in worse places before, besides the landlord did not ask questions--as long as you paid the bill. She knocked lightly on the door. \"Who is it?\" Marcus shouted from the other side of the door. \"It's me,\" she answered confidently; \"I got you some food.\" \"Oh,\" he opened the door. \"Thanks.\" He quickly snatched the bag from her. \"Don't worry nobody followed me. I kept a look out, besides...\" She watched as he quickly opened a bag of chips, and began to devour them, \"Not one person is going to suspect me of harboring a criminal.\" Marcus gazed up at her, \"And why is that Jillian, you are so perfect that nobody could suspect innocent you of doing such a bad thing?\" \"Exactly,\" she replies as she circles around him. \"And I usual help the police catch bad guys like you.\" She wrapped her arms around him. \"I know what exactly to say to keep them off your trail. I've been working the streets too long. A lot of people owe me favors, too. I did help save a lot of lives, being a doctor and all.\" Marcus was surprised, when did Jillian become so seductive? She has always been a bit of a mouse. The years on the street must have done more for her, then rack up the favors. He ran his hand down her arm. \"You don't seem the same.\" \"I'm not Marcus,\" she lets him go. \"I been to hell and back, I've seen things that even the worse of the worse should never witness. So believe me, I'll keep the police at bay. I'm just wondering though, you and I both know you're not going to want to hide forever. Exactly, how do you plan on getting yourself out of this, huh? You going to wait and pray they prosecute Annie and ignore you.\" \"No,\" his mind ran through the different scenarios in his head. \"I have been thinking about it a lot these days. I want my life back, but I also don't want Annie to have hers, but killing her won't help me none. No, the press would probably just love a good 'poor victimized Annie never had a chance' story. No, I need to make her out to be the villain she really is.\" \"And you the victim,\" Jillian held a contemplative look. \"I see, because if Annie is locked up and the key is thrown away, her new life will not only be destroyed but the police will no longer waste their time on you when they have their villain. Well, I heard that Rick Chevall is going to take the case, and if there is anyone who can make a victim of circumstance a villain it is him, but perhaps we can speed things along.\" \"You got an idea?\" Marcus leered at her. \"Oh yeah.\" \"You can not be serious, chief.\" Brain looked at his boss in complete disbelief. \"I know this guy was involved.\" \"Why? Because Annie Newton told you?\" His boss scoffed as he cleaned his glasses. \"Your emotions have clouded your judgment, which is why you were not on this case in the first place. Detective Wilson has told me there are no traces of Mr. Bohen. The man is most likely dead. I will not waste anymore resources looking for a man who may or may not have had something to do with the attempted murder against Nicholas Powell, especially when we already have a suspect that has been charged and is about to go to trial.\" Brain slammed his fist on the desk, \"Damn it, you are just caving in from pressure from the god damn politics in this town, because you don't want to lose your job.\" The elder man glared at him with brown eyes, \"I WILL NOT TOLERATE SUCH ACCUSATIONS!\" His boss then took a deep breathe shook his head, \"It does not matter anyway. Annie's life is in the court's hands and I'm telling you the case with Mr. Bohen is closed. If you continue to try to persuade me otherwise or alter my decision in anyway, I'll put you on immediate suspension.\" He pointed toward the door, \"Now, go.\" Brain slammed the door shut and the whole department that was in eye sight turned their heads, staring at him. Then as if nothing happened papers once again were shuffled, typing was heard, and various people were talking on their phones. Everyone had resumed working as this was everyday occurrence—it was not an everyday thing, but it did happened weekly. Brain's partner walked up to him with a cup of coffee. \"You look like you could use it.\" \"Yeah,\" he agreed, taking it from her hand. \"So the chief does not want to continue the investigation on Marcus Bohen.\" \"No,\" he took a sip, \"I think the mayor has been pressuring him.\" \"I don't know about that, but I do know it is kind of a waste of resources to chase after a guy who we don't know is dead or alive.\" She sips her own cup of coffee. \"Let me guess, you think Annie is guilty, too.\" He almost snarled. \"Come on, Larson, you know she is, regardless of why she did what she did, she did it. I don't understand why you care so much about her. I mean so what, you knew her father. I really think it will be the best for everyone if you let this go.\" \"And here for a moment I thought you were on my side.\" He shoved the cup of coffee in her face, forcing her to take it, before he stomped off to go work on some of the paperwork that hit is desk. Dr. Michaelis pulled up a chair and sat in front of Mrs. Powell, who was by her son's bedside. \"I want to remind you of the risks once again.\" \"I'm aware of the risk,\" Nick replied, his blue eyes stared straight into his. He was not going to change his mind anytime soon. He made a promise and he would keep, besides he just not have gone through all that to never walk again. He had to take this chance. \"Let's just get this over with.\" \"Please Nicky,\" Diana gripped her son's hand. \"I'm begging you to reconsider. This could completely paralyze you. You would not be able to take care of yourself or worse…it could kill you.\" Her voice was laced with concern. The same reason had to do this, was the same reason she did not want him to. \"I almost died once, and I don't think I'll be doing it any time again soon. I understand why you don't want me to take this risk.\" He squeezed her hand, as he looked at her with determined blue eyes, \"but this is my risk to take, and I'm going to do it. I believe I will walk, again. I have to.\" His mother turned her head away to hide the tears that were threatening to fall from her eyes. \"I see I can't change your mind.\" Mr. Michaelis sighed, \"Well, I see your mother has pointed out the main problems. I'll just tell you once again, it is about a 50/50 chance that this will go in your favor.\" \"I know.\" \"Alright, I'll page the nurse with the paperwork.\" \"Thanks, doc.\" The doctor grinned, \"Thank me after the surgery is a success.\" He paged the nurse, and went on his way to visit some other patients. \"I will, believe me.\" Nick smiled. Annie picked up the phone and slammed it again. She really should call Victor; she knows she should. She walks back into her bedroom and grabs her mother's necklace. Always making her feel better, no matter how bad things were, she ran her fingers over it. She took a deep breath, and back up to dial her father's house. \"Hello,\" it was his father's wife. \"Hi, this is Annie I wanted to see how Victor was doing?\" She was trying her best to be civil, but she was sure a little of the bitterness still slipped by. \"He is fine, is that all you needed?\" She asked in a tone of annoyance. Annie gripped her mother's necklace. \"I want to talk to him,\" \"I don't think that is such a good idea.\" She said with a slight snarl, \"You are more trouble than ever, why don't you do us a favor and leave us alone.\" \"Oh believe me,\" Annie was losing control, \"I want to leave you alone, but Victor is my brother and I really want to speak with him.\" The woman made a smacking sound, \"Well, I just don't think that is a good idea.\" The phone was silent. \"Bitch,\" Annie muttered as she put the phone back down. \"Damn, that went well.\" \"I would say by the tone of the conversation that it did not go well at all.\" Annie turned around to see someone behind here. He was standing there with his hands in his pockets with a half grin on his face. \"Nick, what the fuck are you doing here?\" Author's Commentar y: I hope your happy because you all deserve it, I am well...I am...it makes me feel good and more motivated to work, tiny secret: I'm a people pleaser. If you keep asking me to work on a piece because you love it, I'm going to try and do it. I got most of the direction of this story figure out and there just might be a twist. Anyhow, those who were wanting a kiss, well...I'll tell you this, it will happen, hopeful after a couple more chapters.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: Short, but an update a very intense one Life is Harder than Death Chapter Six: Pete slammed the door shut. His mother stared at the wood in complete despair, she just could not reach him, no matter what she did. She fell to the floor and cried. Pete found himself doing the same at the other side of the door. He did want to make her cry, he did not want to hurt her, he did not want to hurt anyone, anymore. He just wanted to be left alone. He deserved to be alone, after what he had done. A mother's love, a father's protection, a friend's forgiveness, he did not want it because he did not deserve it; He never would accept it either because he would never forgive himself. Never. His cell phone buzzed and he knew that it was probably Nick trying to call him, but he was not going to pick it up. He did not want to talk to anyone. He hadn't deserved to talk to anyone. Janie bit her lip as Brian came in, \"Honey,\" she began, the angry shone in his eyes though she knew it wasn't directed at her, \"What's wrong?\" \"We been following ever lead possible that we can at the station trying to hunt down that damn bastard, Marcas Bohem, but nothing has come up and now we are being pressured to close the damn case, since the city is gotten Annie, they don't see the need for us wasting our time looking for someone else.\" \"Yeah, but Marcas was the one he moved the body, and almost succeeded in killing Nicolas Powell for sure.\" \"Annie was the one that attacked him, Annie was the one that buried him, as far as the city is concerned they got their woman.\" Janie looked utterly confused, \"I thought the press was spinning it in her favor?\" \"Yes, they had been and still are, but this Cheval guy has many people supporting him, including the mayor.\" \"I'm not surprised, I think his offices hold that annual charity ball ever year which I believe is a tiny fracture of their fincial influence and anyone with that kind influence, could psosibly have many people in his pocket including the mayor.\" Brain looks slightly taken aback, \"I don't think that is wise thing to be saying out loud.\" \"Maybe not, but it is probably a fact, I'm just glad that Miss. Concord has got her case. She's brillant,\" \"I hope she is as brillant as you say,\" Brain ran a hand through his hair. (((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((((( \"I just thought I see what you are up to,\" Nick shrugged his shoulders at his response. \"You are in surgery aren't you?\" Annie asked. \"Yeah, I am,\" \"Are you crazy you could die!\" She exclaimed. \"Yeah, but I could walk,\" \"You could die, I don't want you to die,\" He softly put a hand on her face, \"I won't die.\" He removed his hand, \"We both made a promise,\" Nick moves close to her, \"I kept my promise, you will keep yours,\" and he brings his lips close to hers, she begun to close her eyes as his lips got closer to hers, \"I think I want you to always see me,\" he ran hand across her eyes and she opened them to the wonderful sight before her. \"The way I always want to see you,\" His lips crash onto hers and she somehow felt the wonderful sensation for a moment before his soft lips were removed from hers and he spoke, \"I think I love you,\" Then he was gone. \"Nick!\" She called, \"Nick, Nick,\" She looked all over for him but there was no sign. Mrs. Powell was working in the office when she heard the doorbell ring. She quickly rushed to the front door, \"Nick don't think about moving!\" She ordered from the living room. \"NICHOLAS,\" Diana cried as loud as she could as she watched a crash cart being rushed into the room she clung to a soft blue materieal, Nick's baby blanket. She had dug it out of the closet today when she had know there was no stopping her stubborn son, whom she blamed herself for. His father had never been so stubborn he was so accomadating, well...except when he really believed in something than he would fight her to the death of what it was...then again...She smiled, Nick might be just like his father after all. Then she went back to crying, \"Nicholas don't die on me baby,\" She stood outside his room just watching in horrid emotional pain. \"Dr. Michealis!\" the nurse called, \"You should call it in,\" \"Not a chance in hell,\" he replied as brought the paddles down serveral times. The nurse tried to get him to stop, but the doctor was determined this young brave boy was not going to die.[Chapter 7] Author Babble: Okay so it has been years since I've seen this movie, and years since I worked on this story, but somebody requested I finish it. I took a look at the fic, and went why not, I think I know how to tie this up. But apologize in advance for errors, as regard to flow and grammar. I did go through it, and I did read a summary, and watched a couple of clips, so hopefully it's good. Chapter Seven Nick opened his eyes and looked up to see his mom tightly clinging to his blanket. He could see the overwhelming stress, relief, and tiredness that made her eyes red. Her usually perfect hair, had strands poking out everywhere, the elegant golden barrette was sloppily fallen to one side, and her clothes were rumpled. She looked so exhaustingly relieved. \"Hi,\" He called. She rushed to his side, \"Nicky, Nicky, oh my God,\" She put her head on his chest crying. Then she lift her head and wiped her eyes. She pressed the button for the nurse who popped her head in and said, \"Get Dr. Michealis, he is awake.\" \"Mom, I'm okay.\" He grabbed her hand and squeezed it. \"Yeah…\" Her voice cracked, \"good.\" The doctor came in, \"Well, everything looks good, you made it through kiddo.\" He was going through his chart, and then he scanned checked over Nick, \"The nurse says your vitals looked good, nothing out of the ordinary.\" \"Can I, will I be able to walk?\" Nick looked up hopefully. \"Well, have to see, the surgery was a success, but you have to have some rehab and well see then. Nothing is a guarantee, but I mean… I'm afraid you still won't ever be able to compete for the Olympics.\" He teased a little bit, \"but I have faith you will be able to move fairly well.\" \"Really,\" He pulled himself up in surprise. \"Nick,\" his mother scolded lightly. \"Be careful you're still recovering.\" She gently pushed him back down. \"Your mother is right. First, you need some rest, and in few days will have Shirley come back to work with you on more physical therapy.\" He looked at Miss Powell, \"And I think you need to…. I have another bed here. I won't tell you to go home.\" He smiled softly. Her eyes gazed up and her smile was sad but wide, \"Thank you.\" He just nodded and went to his other patients. She looked back over Nicky. \"You do what the doctor says.\" \"Is...can,\" He knew his mom still felt unsure about Annie. \"Can you call Annie please?\" She sighed, \"Alright, after I take a nap, okay.\" \"Thanks.\" She was worried about Nick and-focus, it was so far away from her now. She wondered if he was alright. He just disappeared last night, leaving her with an ache she did not know she could feel. She thought she become numb to most of the pain in her life, but Nick he was bringing it all back to her. Some of her wished he had just left her, but then she sees that look in his eyes that has hope for her, or she sees Brian smile with slight pride, or she sees Victor and he gives her a big hug, she finally understood that the pain it was...is worth it. But still...she clutched the chain in her hand, and she wondered what she would do if he does not make it? \"Annie, we need to finish these questions,\" the lawyer straighten out her skirt and jacket. Annie looked up, breaking thought, as Mrs. Concord stood up to begin questioning again, but then the phone rang. \"Yes,\" Annie watched as she nodded her head, \"I see, that's good news. Oh well yes I know he will, he is,\" She snorted, \"No surprise there. Well thank you, oh yes, I will have her do that.\" She turned to look directly at her and there was a small smile on her face, \"Nick made it.\" \"Also, they want you to call the hospital, but I still have to advise you that I think having contact with Nick is not advisable, it will look to some people that you might be influencing him.\" \"I know,\" She replied, but they both knew-because Mrs. Concord took a deep breath in slight annoyance—she was going to contact him regardless. \"And oh, before I forget, I have a meeting with Chevall this afternoon. He wants to lay a deal on the table, so I'll see what that is.\" She shook her head and Annie knew she had little hope that anything will come out of it. Mrs. Powell stepped out for a minute to get Nick the best food she could find at the cafeteria. That was when Annie slipped in. She technically was not supposed to be visiting him anymore, but seeing as the Nurses really did not pay attention to every person that came by the desk, it was enough to slip by them. \"Hey,\" She waved her hand. \"Hey,\" He pulled himself up. She felt a little panic and quicken to his side, \"Hey, don't push yourself so hard.\" He gave her a half- hearted smile. \"I don't know what else to do. All my life I followed my mom and never did anything for me. So I'm trying to get there, so I could find what I want. I know I still want to take that trip to London.\" \"Yeah, well,\" She sat down, \"I went for what I want but didn't go for what I really want.\" She adjusting the sock cap she was wearing. Then she let her hands rest for a moment in her lap, \"Do you know what I mean,\" She looked at him, hopefully. \"That you always go for what you want in the moment, material things, but never thought about what you wanted for your future.\" Her mouth widened slightly in surprise. \"Yeah I guess that's why you're the smart one.\" She teased lightly, not even laughing but a tiny smile appeared on her face. \"Because that's exactly it.\" \"Yeah...so how is everything going with the preparation for the trial?\" \"You know, yeah it's okay, just a lot odd questions I'm not prepare for that Mrs. Concord thinks the other lawyer will ask. And of course, the usual advice that I stay away from you.\" Before Nick could speak Diana walked in the room, face stern, \"I'm not sure that is such bad advice.\" \"Mom,\" he looked somewhat pleading. \"It's not just because I don't like her Nicholas, but it doesn't it look good on her either.\" \"That may be true, but were both consenting adults so this our decision.\" His voice was slightly raised and he flinched because he did not want to argue with his mother. \"Yes well, you have proven that you don't give damn what I think so I don't know why I even bother.\" She threw hands in the air. Annie looked on quietly, not saying a word until for a moment. \"I….\" She stared at Diana, \"probably should go.\" \"I...maybe but you will I see you again. Yeah um...I stop by again if I can. I'm not actually supposed to be in here you know.\" \"Hey what's one small crime between friends?\" He teased. \"It started small,\" She noted standing in the doorway. \"What?\" She turned back to face him. \"Crime, and then it just grew to be part of who I was. I don't want to be a criminal anymore, but what am I then?\" \"I think you are a woman with a second chance.\" Diana said. Annie had gone home...home. She started to feel at home. It was strange, she never thought she would find that again, but just in a few short weeks was all it took. Janie brought home dinner, Brian, it was still strange that live together. Anyway, Brian would come home late and sometimes, they would watch movies, just hang out like they were friends or something. \"So how was your day?\" Janie asked. \"Okay,\" She answered. She rarely said much, though Janie was nice, Annie did not have much to say to anyone. \"Is that all?\" She took another bite of her tortellini. \"Nothing going on…?\" She dragged it out, as if she already knew what was going on. \"I saw Nick,\" she admitted. Janie let out a big exasperated sigh. \"Of course you did, you know Brian is not going to be too happy about that.\" \"I know, nobody is, but I just...I want to be a better person...and he gives me...he believes in me.\" \"You know there are ways to help you be a better person.\" She looked at her pointedly. \"I can recommend a good therapist.\" \"Therapy, I don't know. I don't think they aren't going to give me advice I don't already know.\" Annie shrugged. \"Well,\" She put her chin on the flat of her right hand, and laid her left elbow on the table. \"Could it do any harm?\" Annie slacked back in her chair, \"Fine, I suppose that Brian is going to insist when you bring the idea up.\" Janie smiled, because they both knew who was in charge of the household. So two weeks later she saw a therapist regularly on Wednesdays. It had been a couple months since Pete last saw has his friend. Pete had no plans on ever visiting Nick, he had no plans on ever allowing himself to get better. He had several more attempts, and ended up in the hospital three times since then. He finally spoke to a therapist, he was kind of different. He told about him David, how he wished he was like the guy, brave enough to finally off himself. David death had just hit the obits a few days ago. \"Oh really? You think that was brave that the guy could not even face his victims.\" \"She was dead,\" Pete answered flatly, he started to make a sport of making different therapist see what hopeless case he was. The fastest was two days. \"And what about her family, didn't they deserve to confront him?\" Pete had let his arms fall slack, in realization that the guy was right, \"You do realize that you have been making all the decisions for Nick in regards to his relationship with you. You feel so guilty but you absolutely refuse to face the person you hurt. It is not fair to him, don't you think he has a right to decide what he does or does not want from you. But you rather act like a coward and hide, and pretend you are overwhelmed by the guilt. You ever thought about letting him decide what he thinks, huh. Don't you think he has the right to his own feelings instead you putting words and thoughts in his head.\" It was harsh, but it was what he needed. He ended up going to visit him at the hospital. He stood at the doorway a minute, before he walked in, making sure Nick's mom was not there. \"Hi Nick,\" he waved slowly like the idiot he was. \"Hey man, where you been?\" Nick's voice, it does not sound angry, but nor happy but truly confused. \"I...I'm so sorry,\" He breaks down falling to his knees near his friends bed. \"I thought you would be gone. I know it doesn't make up for it, but I thought you were on a plane.\" \"I know Pete, I know.\" He shook his head, \"I forgive you okay. If I can forgive Annie, I can forgive you.\" \"Annie, Nick you can't she tried to kill you.\" Pete stood up abruptly in confused fear. \"I...its complicate Pete and you have no right to tell me who to forgive or not. I may forgive you, but it's still hard, Annie and I were not friends, you and I were and you betrayed that. So in a way, you hurt me more than she could and she saved me okay.\" \"I still don't see how you could trust her.\" He could not help the feeling of betrayal and that made him feeling guilty, because he knew he had no right to feel that way. \"Like I said its complicated, okay. She's not the same person she was before. I'm not the same person either.\" \"Nick I don't know what to do. I didn't really come here seeking forgiveness, just felt like it was not fair to you, if I hide in my guilt.\" He admitted. \"It wasn't and I don't know what to do either. I'm just trying to move on, okay. I suggest you leave before my mom gets here.\" \"Yeah,\" he agreed. He felt...it was guilt, worried, relieved, and angry, it was all storm of mix of different emotions. Mrs. Concord slammed her desk. She had been making such progress too and now this. She looked at the footage again. It was Annie pounding the crap out of another girl. Ms. Concord was pissed. How could Annie not tell her, and not only that Rick Chevall would not settle less than life with no chance of parole now, and he had extra information that he tried to get allowed in court. She had already had her paralegal start doing the research and draw up the proper paperwork to counteract the situation. But it was not going to make the situation easier or faster, the trial originally was set for just a couple of days. Now it was going to be weeks of getting different kinds of court orders. ","Summary":" Author's note: I really loved this movie, but I hated the fact that Annie had to die. I know artist"},{"Movie":"Invisible","Title":"THE INVISIBLE:Sweet & Sad Melodies Play Forever","Author":"Misty Elizabeth","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4660676","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I have never attempted fan fiction in the movie genre….so please be kind in your reviews. This is going to be kind of a song fiction…because I just want to experiment a bit. Also The Invisible is one of my ALL TIME FAVORITE movies! Enjoy and please do review… Disclaimer: I am not associated with the movie production house or the musical company in any way. Thank you. Somewhere is by Within Temptation. I take no credit. \" Somewhere\" Annie's P.O.V. Nick Powell. Yeah, that was his name…I remember him well. Two weeks ago his friend Pete had accepted merchandise from me, but never paid up for it. Mr. Smarty-pants Powell did. And he called me broken. I thought Nick had turned me in to the Police. I was blinded by hate. I ended up killing him. But somehow, I don't think he's really gone. I know he's not dead. I am the only person who can help him. But how do I do that with everyone watching me? Lost in the darkness, hoping for a sign Instead there's only silence Can't you hear my screams? Oh, Nick where are you? I can't even ask for forgiveness for what I have done to you. I can hear your voice, but I can't see you. Nick….please help me… Never stop hoping, Need to know where you are, But one thing is for sure, You're always in my heart. I can feel someone embracing me tightly. The face is extremely close to my own. A broken whisper: Help me, Annie…tell them where my body is. That is just what I will do. Hang on, Nick, hang on. I'll find you somewhere. I'll keep on trying until my dying day. I just need to know whatever has happened, The truth will free my soul . I went to the place where I had hidden Nick's body. To my horror, I found it wasn't there anymore. That force was at my face again. Think, Annie, think. Who would have moved my body away from here? C'mon Annie…you're my only hope. I tried to free myself from this force. What was it anyway? Nick's ghost? Nick's spirit? His soul? Lost in the darkness, try to find your way home. I want to embrace you and never let you go. I was feeling lost again. Just like I felt when Mom died. The one person who could have saved my life…I ended up taking his away. This was creepy. He could read my thoughts…and he always had an answer: Annie, you didn't know any better. Do something right. Help me, Annie. Who moved my body, Annie? Think. You know the answer. I shook my head, tears ran down my cheeks. What was happening to me? I wanted to help Nick, save him from his fate. When did I become so evil? Almost hope you're in heaven so no one can hurt your soul. Living in agony cause I just do not know Where you are…. Marcus: my so called boyfriend. He must have done this. He knew the truth and he was the one who turned me into the police for breaking into a store the other day. I blamed Nick for it. I nearly killed him. I'm so sorry Nick. You can change that, Annie; just do the right thing now. Annie, get a grip on your self. Be focused. I'll find you somewhere. I'll keep on trying until my dying day. I just need to know whatever has happened, The truth will free my soul. I bullied Marcus into telling me where Nick's body was. Near the dams and it might just wash him away. I had no choice but tell the police. Marcus had shot me in the abdomen. I knew I only had some hours before I would be leaving this world for good. Thank you, Annie – the guiding voice said in my ear – you did the right thing. Thank you. Wherever you are, I won't stop searching. Whatever it takes, I need to know. I made to the hospital where Nick had been admitted in. I knew I had to be near him to see that he wakes up again. I met his mom. She slapped me for even talking about her son. I managed to tell her what was going on, and that if only she'd let me in, I could help Nick come back again. She relented. Nick was lying on the bed, his life support was going on. I lay down next to him. I am sorry for what ever I have done. I am sorry I didn't see you, or know you. I love you, Nick. I am still here, Annie. That force was still outside….it needed to enter Nick's body. I wanted to do one good thing, Nick. Nick's eyes fluttered open. \"You did, Annie, you did. You saved me.\" I'll find you somewhere. I'll keep on trying until my dying day. I just need to know whatever has happened, The truth will free my soul. Yes, I had done one good thing in my life. I had saved Nicholas Powell from dying. He gave me back my life. Finally, I could rest in peace. After those hard years….finally it was my time to sleep forever…the lament played in my ears as slowly everything around me disappeared into a black blur…. \"I love you, Annie.\" Nick's voice came. I was so tired….I couldn't open my mouth to reply to him….I had no strength left in me….[Chapter 2] Author's Note: I will usingnsome of my favorite sad songs for this fiction. Some people mightncall it a déjà vu. But I will simply call is a very simple heartnwarming love story…. Disclaimer: I don't own ThenInvisible or the Song I will use in this fiction. Wake me up whennSeptember ends is a song by Green Day. \" Wake me up whennSeptember ends \" Nick's P.O.V.: They put Annie on the life supportnsystem. She hadn't died yet. She had just lapsed into comatose. Inthought she'd died in my arms. The Doctor told me there was hope.nThe Police said there wouldn't be any even if she did wake. She wasncharged with theft, attempted murder and a numerous lot of small timendirty work. Marcus had been put in jail already for giving a falsenalibi. Pete – was also under questioning. Couldn't anyone seenthat Annie needed help right now? She had learnt from her mistakes.nWhy was everyone making such a mess out of it? She risked her ownnlife just to get me back mine! Wouldn't anyone understand that Inhave fallen in love with her? I was standing next her bed.nRemembering all the times we'd spent together…when she was tryingnto save me. She wasn't wearing her skull cap. She was wearing thenhospital gown. Looking closely I realized her face had a patheticnsort of happiness about it. She wanted to die too. Is this what you want, Annie? Infound myself asking. I was being selfish. But I wanted her all tonmyself. I didn't want to lose her. I could free her just by taking her offnlife support. But I wouldn't do that. Nick please, please do it. Take menoff the system. With a jolt I realized Annie was innlimbo. I could sense her presence in the room. \"No, Annie\" I told her firmly \"Inwon't do that.\" Nick, if I live, my life will benmuch worse. What about Victor? \"We'll get you through this, don'tnworry.\" I repeated \"Don't give up hope.\" \"Nicholas Powell?\" I turned my head. Detectives BriannLarson and Kate Tunney were standing there. I went over to them. \"We need to ask you a few questionsnabout Annie Newton.\" Brian spoke to me. I felt something clutch me really hard.nI made a sudden movement. \"Are you alright?\" asked Kate. \"Yeah…nothing…nothing…\" Insaid \"What do you want to know?\" \"Were you romantically involved withnAnnie?\" asked Brian \"I wasn't. But I will be when shenwakes up\" I replied. The detectives exchanged looks. I heardnAnnie's voice stifle a sob…no one had expected me to give such anreply. Summer has come and passed The innocent can never last Wake me up when September ends Like my father's come to pass Seven years has gone so fast Wake me up when September ends \"I don't think that's a good ideangiven Annie's track record\" said Brian \"She changed from what she was\" Inreplied \"She became broken…she quit being the young girl whonasked you to marry her.\" \"What?\" asked the detectivenshocked. I looked at him calmly. \"I was there on the roof with younwhen you confronted her\" I told him \"I was in limbo….somewherenbetween life and death then….Annie was the only one who could hearnme. She saved my life.\" Detective Brian looked at me as thoughnI was insane. \"I am not lying and I know for a factnAnnie Newton has gone into limbo now.\" No don't tell them, Nick. I willnlose you forever. \"Trust me, Annie; please\" I repliednback \"You have to believe me….please?\" Here comes the rain again Falling from the stars Drenched in my pain again Becoming who we are As my memory rests But never forgets what I lost Wake me up when September ends Detective Brian nodded. I let out ansigh of relief. Annie had done one good thing. Perhaps, when she wokenup, her charges would be less. At least I could be with her….perhaps,nshe wanted to be alive again….happy thoughts played in my head as Inprepared to take my leave from the hospital and sleep peacefully atnnight…..I could have sweet dreams about my Annie once again…. Thank you, Nick… She was lying next to me on mynbed….just like we had done…some days ago….but I could only feelnher presence…. Summer has come and passed The innocent can never last Wake me up when September ends Ring out the bells again Like we did when spring began Wake me up when September ends Here comes the rain again Falling from the stars Drenched in my pain again Becoming who we are As my memory rests But never forgets what I lost Wake me up when September ends[Chapter 3] Author's Note: I haven'tngot a single review. Yet I am undeterred and will go to any lengthsnto complete my song fiction. I guess I have become sort of obsessednwith this kind of work. Disclaimer: The song used innthis fiction, Fields Of Gold has been sung by Eva Cassidy. \" Fields Of Gold\" Annie's P.O.V.: I was going through the same phase Nicknhad to go through. I watched him visit me every single day in thenhospital. Yet, I was scared to tell him that was in limbo as well. Henfelt my presence the same day the detectives told him about all mynsins. He defended me, he protected me. He made me what to live again.nBut Nick, I am not that strong…I can't deal with all this. He was here again. Clasping my rightnhand in between his two….staring at my face. I quietly went towardsnhim and embraced him from behind. \"Annie?\" he whispered. \"I'm here\" I replied \"Hold on,nNick…I will make it.\" \"You have to, Annie. For me.\" \"Nick, you made me want to livenagain. I wanted to die. You made me stronger. You gave me back mynlife.\" \"I will come to you…\" \"Promise me\" I just held him closer to myself….sweetnmusic played from behind us. You'll remember me when the westnwind moves Among the fields of barley You can tell the sun in his jealousnsky When we walked in fields of gold \"I promise you, Nick\" His chest rose with emotion….he'dnheard me. He had believed me. So she took her love for to gazenawhile Among the fields of barley In his arms she fell as her hairncame down Among the fields of gold \"I love you, Annie\" \"I love you too, Nick\" Will you stay with me will you be mynlove Among the fields of barley And you can tell the sun in hisnjealous sky When we walked in fields of gold Nick kissed my hand….the one he hadnbeen holding close to his heart. Weirdly, I could feel his embrace. \"I felt that\" I murmured to him Nick bent forwards and placed a kiss onnmy forehead. \"Remember your promise to me\" A single tear rolled down his cheek andndropped on my forehead. Involuntarily, my hand went to my forehead.nI could feel what was happening to me….rather my body. I couldnfeel…I was coming around then…. \"I will never forget\" I whisperednback to him. I never made promises lightly And there have been some that I'venbroken But I swear in the days still left We will walk in fields of gold We'll walk in fields of gold I never made promises lightly And there have been some that I'venbroken But I swear in the days still left We will walk in fields of gold We'll walk in fields of gold That's how most days were. Nicknwaited for me to wake. Each time I gave up hope, he brought it back.nI could sense fear playing in his mind too. We were both repeatingnthe same question to ourselves but never brought it out – 'Hownmuch longer?' I was being given a lesson innpatience…..but only time could tell if it would pay off…. hownmuch longer? How much longer? Many years have passed since thosensummer days Among the fields of barley See the children run as the sun goesndown As you lie in fields of gold You'll remember me when the westnwind moves Among the fields of barley You can tell the sun in his jealousnsky When we walked in fields of gold When we walked in fields of gold When we walked in fields of gold[Chapter 4] Author's Note: I might benmaking some kind of record: fastest update in fan fiction history,nperhaps. But the sad part is – no one cares. Disclaimer: Song used is Inwill follow you into the dark by Death Cab for Cutie \" I Will Follow YounInto The Dark\" Nick's P.O.V.: I was in my room. That's how thesendays were. Either waiting by Annie's bed side hoping for her tonwake up or in my room….Annie's soul often came and comforted menat night. But I was slowly losing hope. I didn't say it out loudnthough. That would mean it was final – it was over. However, I had to meet my mom atndinner. \"You are spending way too much timenover that girl\" my mother intervened. \"Please pass the potatoes\" Inreplied. \"Honestly, Nick – she was a lostnsoul from the beginning.\" Mother continued, passing him the bowl. \"I would like the orange juicenplease.\" \"Nick, will it always be like this?nWill you keep ignoring everything I say?\" \"I have my reasons for wasting timenover her\" I answered \"Mom, I'm in love with her.\" My mother was shocked. She was angrynand hurt. \"Nick, how could you?\" \"She was a mess, mom\" I continuedn\"I didn't realize it….but so was I. she helped me find mynsoul.\" My mom clapped a hand over her mouth. Incould sense Annie's presence in the room. ' I am sorry….you had to seenthis' ' We all have parents, Nick.nParents care a lot about you.' ' I miss my dad' ' I miss my mom' How could we be torn apart like this?nWe were meant for each other. How could we have remained invisible toneach other for so long? Love of mine some day you will die But I'll be close behind I'll follow you into the dark 'Let it go, Nick' I went over to my mom. She was cryingnnow. \"Mom, I am sorry. But she helpednme….I guess it's my turn to help her back. Follow what she didnand save her.\" My mom continued her uncontrollablensobs. No blinding light or tunnels tongates of white Just our hands clasped so tight Waiting for the hint of a spark If heaven and hell decide That they both are satisfied Illuminate the no's on their vacancynsigns If there's no one beside you When your soul embarks Then I'll follow you into the dark I was lying on bed….the bull's eyenwas over head. I picked up a dart and threw it above. I missed byninches. 'Nick, I can feel your touch' \"What do you mean?\" I asked turningnmy head to where I knew Annie was lying beside me. 'When you were in the hospital andnkissed me on my forehead…I felt that and your tear…it touched me.nI could sense it.' My face broke into a first real smilenafter days. My Annie was finally safe. She would come out of comatosenany day now. \"Annie, you will be fine soon\" 'Yeah' You and me have seen everything tonsee From Bangkok to Calgary And the soles of your shoes are allnworn down The time for sleep is now It's nothing to cry about Cause we'll hold each other soon The blackest of rooms \"You will be just fine, Annie\" Inwhispered in to the darkness. I could feel her, lying right next tonme. So close… \"I promise you\" If heaven and hell decide That they both are satisfied Illuminate the no's on their vacancynsigns If there's no one beside you When your soul embarks Then I'll follow you into the dark Then I'll follow you into the dark \"Nick….\" I could hear the brokennwhispers \"I am fading away….my body's calling me….I have tonbe reunited again………good-bye, Nick\" I quickly got up. I needed to be at thenhospital now. The love of my life was about to wake up.[Chapter 5] Author's Note: Finalninstallment for now. If I get reviewed, I might add some chaptersnlater on. Oh, please review my song fiction. Disclaimer: Jon McLaughlinnrightful owner of the song So Close \" So Close\" Author's P.O.V.: Annie Newton was showing signs ofnwaking up. Tears were running down her cheeks, as she wearily openednher eyes. The experience of the past few days had been plain weird.nThe one thing she could remember clearly was Nicholas Powell - thenboy who helped her out. Her vision focused on a boy, but – no itncouldn't be….how can he be there? \"Nick?\" she whispered. \"Thank God you're fine\" Nick'snvoice came back at her. He bent forward and kissed her on thenforehead. You're in my arms And the entire world is calm The music playing on for only two So close together And when I'm with you So close to feeling alive \"Am in trouble, Nick?\" asked Annie. \"Don't stress yourself\" repliednNick \"You just got up from coma, for God sake\" \"Don't lie to me?\" Nick turned a painful face at her, \"Youndid a good thing by saving me. Annie, you're a good person.\" A life goes by Romantic dreams will stop So I bid mine goodbye and never knew So close was waiting, waiting herenwith you And now forever I know All that I wanted to hold you So close \"I love you, Annie\" Nick continuedn\"You need my help to sort out this mess….\" \"You think I'm a lost soul too,nNick?\" \"I don't\" Nick smiled through thenagony \"Listen to me…\" So close to reaching that famousnhappy end Almost believing this was notnpretend And now you're beside me and looknhow far we've come So far we are so close \"You have two choices – eithernescape from here or face the court\" Nick explained \"You did onengood thing. But the Court will want to punish you for your earlierncrimes. You might end up going to juvenile prison.\" \"What?\" whispered Annie, in anbroken voice \"I was ill…near my death and I put you near yoursntoo….\"her horrified voice faded slowly into the dark….. \"I amnin deep shit, aren't I?\" The Doctor came into the room. Henlooked relieved to see Annie was fine. He looked her over and thenntold her to rest and not exert herself. \"Annie\" Nick said in a very lownvoice \"We need a definite plan to run away from here….act weaknfor awhile so that the police don't suspect anything….\" Hisnmouth was dangerously close to hers \"I love you, Annie.\" \"I love you too, Nick\" He kissed her…..they'd never knownthis. The Hospital's security would think they had just been makingnout. Nick had to leave for his house, Annie watched him go with sadneyes. Perhaps it was better for her to have died……she didn'tnwant a life like this one………. How could I face the faceless days If I should lose you now? We're so close To reaching that famous happy end And almost believing this was notnpretend Let's go on dreaming for we knownwe are So close So close And still so far[Chapter 6] Author's Note: I am back!!!nThanks to jen313j, TempusSimia, Jacqueline-de-Confondo for theirnreviews. Really appreciate it. Disclaimer: Far Away is ansong by Nickelback. I take no credit. \" Far Away\" Nick's P.O.V.: I had to get Annie out the hospital andnout of Burnaby as fast as I could. I remembered the tickets I hadnpurchased to go to London. I had never used them, and now it was toonlate to change those flight tickets. But I managed it. I hit upon anplan. We would escape this place together. Nonmore delays. This time, This place Misused, Mistakes Too long too late Who was I to make you wait Just one chance Just one breath Just in case there's just one left 'Cause you know, you know, you know I had to take Annie to a safer place,nas soon as I could. I love you I've loved you all along I miss you Been far away for far too long I keep dreaming you'll be with me And you'll never go Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore Annie took my advice and acted weak forna while. Slowly, she regained her health. The night, when she feltnstrong enough, I put my plan into action. I \"borrowed\" my mum'sncar and drove to the hospital. Annie was ready to leave Burnaby forngood. We slipped passed security, and slowly melted into the night. \"Thank you for this, Nick\" smilednAnnie, once safely in my car. \"No, thank you, Annie\" I rufflednher hair \"C'mon, before the police are on to us.\" I started the car. On my knees, I'll ask Last chance for one last dance 'Cause with you, I'd withstand All of Hell to hold your hand I'd give it all I'd give for us Give anything, but I won't give up 'Cause you know, you know, you know \"What about Victor?\" asked Annie,nsuddenly \"We aren't leaving him behind are we?\" \"No, Annie\" I told her, firmly \"Wenshall drop by to pick him up.\" She looked satisfied with my answer.nYes, I had planned this too. I knew Annie would never leave with outnVictor. She loved him. Victor: the one last piece that connected hernto her mom. I halted near the Newton residence. \"Wait here, Annie\" I told her \"Duckndown, so no one can see you. I shall be a minute.\" Annie obeyed me without question. Inrealized with a jolt she was fully dependent on me now. I turned andnentered the building. That I love you I loved you all along And I miss you Been far away for far too long I keep dreaming you'll be with me And you'd never go Stop breathing if I don't see you anymore She was with me though. But fear playednin my heart. I collected Victor from Pete, who had baby-sat him thenentire day. Victor happily followed my lead knowing that I couldnre-unite him with his sister. Annie crawled to the back seat andncuddled Victor in her arms. I wished I could join them. But I had tonget all of us out of Burnaby. I started up the engine and began tondrive. \"Did you miss me?\" asked Annie,nthrough her tears. \"A bit\" Victor replied \"You saidnyou wouldn't be gone long.\" \"I'm sorry. It won't happennagain. I promise.\" Annie held him close. I witnessed the scene through my rearnview mirror. I tried kept my mind clear, but how does that one managenthat when his love is at the back seat of his car? So far away So far away Far away for far too long So far away So far away Far away for far too long We had to go as far from Burnaby asnpossible. I drove us out of town. Within two days, we would be at thenother end of the world in London. All formalities had been completed.nOnly the days had to be counted now. Annie, remember your promisento me. I wanted I wanted you to stay 'Cause I needed I need to hear you say I love you I loved you all along And I forgive you For being away for far too long So keep breathing 'Cause I'm not leaving you anymore Believe it Hold on to me,and never let me go Keep breathing 'Cause I'm not leaving you anymore Believe it Hold on to me never let me go I saw Annie's eyes, transfixed on me.nShe wanted me forever to herself. She felt protected around me. Shenloved me. Why did we make each other wait? We could have beenntogether and happy….was this really the way we wanted our lives tongo? Running away from our old lives, so that we could start anew? Keep breathing Hold on to me, never let me go Keep breathing Hold on to me, never let me go She was holding on to me, just as I wasnleaning on her……we needed one another. We had quit beingninvisible to each other. We were in love.[Chapter 7] Author's Note: Thanks fornthe review!!!! Disclaimer: Everybody Hurts –nthe Corrs sang this version. \"Everybody Hurts\" Annie's POV: Why did Nick believe in me when no onenelse will? Why does he love me so much? Why have started loving him? I was seated at the back of his mom'sncar, Victor cuddled in my arms. Nick was driving us out of town. Far,nfar away from this place – Burnaby: where I could no longer live. Inwas so sick of this place. Everything here had hurt me - my dad, mynstep-mom, Marcus, the kids at school, who didn't? Except Nick –nhe wanted to help me. But I hurt him. I cringed at the thought. When your day is long and thennight The night is yours alone and you're sure you've hadnenough Of this life - hang on Don't let yourself go -n'cause everybody cries Everybody hurts - sometimes Yes, everyone does hurt…but what ifnthe pain becomes too much to bear? What happens then? My eyes slowlynfilled with tears. I bent down my head, so that my face could benhidden from Nick's rear view mirror. Sometimes everything is wrong Nownit's time to sing alone When your day is night long And younfeel like letting go (hold on) You think you've had too much Ofnthis life - well hang on My life has caused me to become broken.nNick called me that once. And I beat him up. I beat him up forntelling me the truth. He was the only one honest enough to tell menwhat he thought exactly of me! Great – more pangs of guilt! 'Cause everybody hurts - takencomfort in your friends Everybody hurts Don't blow your hand Don't blow your hand If you feel like you're alone No, no,nno, you're not alone I would never be alone…Nick was herenwith me. what did I have to fear now, anyway? We had come half-waynacross the country already. I smiled. I was leaving my past behind. If you're on your own in thisnlife If the days and nights are long And you think you've hadntoo much Of this life - hang on For everybody hurts -nsometimes Everybody cries Everybody hurts - sometimes Everybodynhurts - sometimes So hold on, hold on I am not on my own. Nick and Victor arenhere with me. the two boys I love the most in this world. In twondifferent ways! But my happiness was short-lived. The car screeched to halt. \"Damn it!\" I heard Nick swear undernhis breath \"We're out of gas!\" It was almost as if my nightmare hadnstarted again.[Chapter 8] Author's Note: thanks so much you guys for making me return to the land of fan fiction writing. And I promise, I'll have this fiction completed by tonight. Disclaimer: I don't own anything from the movie…. Promise Nick's P.O.V: The car just ran out of gas. I drummed my fingers impatiently on the steering wheel. Damn it! It was just my luck. To be stranded in the middle of nowhere. By now, I was sure the police was all over Burnaby searching for the three of us. I knew if we got caught, I'd get off scot-free. But Annie! She'd be in more trouble than she was before. And it would be my fault. I banged my head against the steering wheel. Forcing myself to think – to make my brains figure out a plan without getting engulfed by the horrible feeling slowly rising in my chest… \"Do you have a Plan B?\" asked Annie, after what seemed like an eternity. \"No,\" I replied sheepishly. \"I didn't think my car would run out of gas.\" \"Luck is against me,\" she muttered. I turned around and faced her indignantly, \"Against US, if you don't mind?\" Annie sighed in exasperation, \"No, you don't get it. I ruin everything I touch!\" I opened my mouth furiously to retort, but Victor cut me off. \"Are we going to stay in this car all night? I'm hungry.\" He complained. Annie and I exchanged a worried look. We could NOT stay in this desert land forever. We'd have to move before the police got to us. And come hell or high water, I refused to be caught by police and dished out a prison service. And I would NOT agree to Annie being imprisoned either. \"No, honey,\" Annie cooed at him. \"We're not staying here. Are we, Nick?\" \"Get out of the car!\" I ordered at once. \"And just take the backpack.\" \"Nick, are you insane?\" \"Please trust me. We have to move immediately if we want to be safe!\" I was glad she didn't argue with me. She picked Victor up to her lap, and I shoulder the bags. Holding her around the shoulders, I started off into the night. \"You think we'll make it?\" Annie asked, after we'd walked for nearly six hours straight. \"Yeah, of course!\" I replied confidently. \"We've left Burnaby far, far behind. We're almost going to be in the arms of safety!\" \"I almost don't believe you.\" Annie laughed, weakened with happiness and relief. I leaned over, and kissed her. Victor observed from her lap. He cocked his head, before directly asking me: \"Are you going to marry her?\" \"What?\" asked Annie, suddenly breaking apart from me, \"Victor – you don't say things like that!\" \"Why?\" he inquired pouting his lips. \"Because it's…\" began Annie but I cut across her. \"Of course I will,\" I answered. \"I promise you. I will take care of you and your sister.\" \"You promise?\" he asked, looking into my eyes. His eyes reflected both fear and hope. I picked him up from Annie's lap and put him in my own, \"I promise.\" Author's Note: Sorry there's no song in this chapter. I just didn't come across one that would fit into this. Any suggestions are welcome.[Chapter 9] Disclaimer: Leave Out All The Rest belongs to Linkin Park. Not me. 'Leave Out All the Rest' Annie's P.O.V: I couldn't help but smile, as I heard Nick promising my brother he'd take care of us both. It was a nice feeling. To finally be able to lean on someone, it was like a huge load had been lifted off my shoulders and I felt like I could fly. \"Thank you for this, Nick.\" I whispered in a broken voice. He just smiled at me, and replied, \"C'mon...we better hope we can flag down a car…\" \"Yeah,\" he muttered. I shouldered the bags this time, as he was carrying Victor. We were out of Burnaby for sure. It was the outskirts of the city, and I was beginning to wonder if we were going to find anyone this late at night, driving by… I stole a glance at Nick, as we walked on tirelessly. I dreamed I was missing, and you were so scared But no one would listen, because no one cared. And after my dreaming, I woke with this fear… What am I leaving when I'm done here? So if you're asking me, I want you to know… \"Hey, I think we got lucky!\" Nick shrieked. I followed his gaze. At a distance, I could make out the headlights of a car or a truck. I laughed aloud to myself, in relief. We wouldn't be getting caught by the police after all. \"Hey! Hey! Stop,\" Nick yelled, waving his hands about the air, \"Pull over! Pull over!\" The car (now I was sure) slowed down as we neared it. It drew to level with us. Nick pounded on the window, and it slid down. \"Hey, listen we need a ride to…\" Nick stop abruptly, staring at the person behind the wheels. \"What's wrong?\" I asked, urgently. The door opened, and out came – Pete! \"So, do you guys want a ride?\" he asked. \"Pete, no. you're not coming with us.\" Nick said firmly.\"I don't want you endangering yourself because of us. You should go home to your parents.\" Pete looked at me sadly, and then back at Nick. When my time comes, forget the wrongs that I've done Help me leave behind some, reasons to be missed. And don't resent me, and when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory, leave out all the rest. Leave out all the rest… Pete held the keys out to Nick, \"Since you don't want me to come with…I guess this is where we say goodbye!\" \"Is this a set up?\" I asked, suddenly cautious. \"You're not giving us this car, so that the police can hunt us back down, are you?\" He looked at me, with that evident painful look. My skepticism seemed to really hurt me. The torment written on his face, made ME cringe. \"No,\" he said simply. \"I bought this car under a false name. the documents are in the glove compartment. I guess I better head back and fake you guys death of something, so that they never come after you…\" Nick went up to him, \"I really appreciate you helping us, man. But I am sorry. I won't let you become an outlaw like us. You belong here. You always had. I just never did fit in, and I'm done trying.\" They caught each other in a brief embrace, and Nick accepted the car keys from him. I watched Nick dump our bags in the backseat and get Victor ready for a journey by buckling him to safety. \"Ready to go?\" he asked me, before entering the car. I nodded. \"Hey man, the tank's full right?\" he asked. \"Yeah, totally.\" Pete replied. I was still outside, standing between the car and Pete. I looked over at him. the boy who had weirdly started this all. If had never accepted my merchandize; and lied about Nick not giving him the money, I wouldn't have beat up and nearly killed Nick for it. Of course Marcus had his own dirty little part in the whole plot, but somehow Pete seemed more important now. Nick was his best friend after all. One of the reasons we'd met. \"Annie,\" Nick called from the car, \"We haven't got all night. You can think those thoughts in the car, love!\" I reached out, and yanked open the car door. Then something struck me, and I rushed to Pete and gave him a tight hug. \"Thank you,\" I smiled at him gratefully and swiftly pecked him on the cheek, \"For everything.\" He just surveyed me with a serious look and said, \"Take care of Nick. Goodbye!\" \"Yeah\" was all I managed to say before scrambling in to the car. I'm strong on the surface, not all the way through I've never been perfect, but neither have you So if you're asking me I want you to know… I leaned over and smiled at Nick, \"Someone came along and saved me from myself, after all!\" \"I think we both save each other with the help of Pete, of course!\" Nick replied. I nestled down comfortably in the car seat. I could see dawn breaking in the near distance. Victor was blissfully asleep at back. I didn't know where we were headed, but I was pretty certain it would be much better than what I was leaving behind.[Chapter 10] Author's Note: And we come to the end of the chapter. Thanks to all you great people who reviewed and/or messaged me for the update and closure – kitsune jewel, TempusSimia, Jacqueline-le-Confondu, supernaturnal-princess17, Flyin4Freedom, The Girl in the Black Beret, Marylouue, shadowspirit13, Starkraken, and . Disclaimer: Jessica Riddle owns the song 'Even Angels Fall'; I'm just borrowing it… 'Even Angels Fall' Author's P.O.V: It had been ten years from the day Nick Powell and Annie Newton, had run away from their lives at Burnaby. They knew they'd never be accepted there but become social outcasts. Along with Annie's brother, Victor, they'd come away to quiet little town named Deadwood – miles away from their lives in Burnaby. Annie had renamed herself Annette Rivers, and she had married Nicholas Powell, now know as Nigel Dawson, two years after they'd settled down in Deadwood. It was a private ceremony with the local clergymen being their witnesses. Annette's brother Victor had stayed with them through the entire time, and was sent to the local school. Annette and her husband did whatever they could to make both ends meet those first five years. Their friendly neighbor – an old woman – offered to take Annette on as a housekeeper for a very good price. She died during their sixth year in Deadwood, and having no heir left all her possession to the Dawson's. Fortune had smiled on the little family. They were twenty six year olds now and finally settled down in life. They no longer felt the urge to keep looking over their shoulder to make sure the police weren't after them anymore. Pete had made up the story of the three of them being abducted and had fabricated evidence in a very believable manner. He'd changed from the awkward anti-social. Nigel had watched from a distance but did not feel comfortable to go too close too. He knew he'd get everyone into trouble if he did. It was a heavenly day when Nigel sprinted into their living room, breathless. Victor was not home. Annie was sitting on the couch, reading the paper. She looked up and smiled as her husband burst through the door. \"Had a good day, I presume?\" she laughed. He picked up his wife, and said, \"I just got a record deal with the local band. They're hiring me as their song writer for the next album!\" Annette leaned in close, and kissed her husband. \"I've some good news too…\" she patted her tummy with her right hand and looked back at him, an expectant smile on her lips. \"Really?\" whispered Nick. She nodded, and they kissed again. Finally Nick pulled away from his wife and smiled at her. \"So there always was a rainbow at the end of the storm, huh?\" \"Yes, Nigel…\" she whispered back. \"And I finally feel as if I'm truly happy. Life has a new meaning now.\" As they kissed each other yet again, unable to digest the good fortune and final settlement in life, the final song is played… It's a secret no one tells, One day it's Heaven, one day it's Hell It's no fairytale take it from me But darling that's how it's supposed to be… You will fly and you will crawl, God knows even angels fall… No such thing as you lost it all God knows even angels fall… THE END ","Summary":" Author's Note: I have never attempted fan fiction in the movie genre….so please be kind in your rev"},{"Movie":"You've Got Mail","Title":"Now That I've Found You","Author":"iloveromance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5162788","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Now That I've Found You Chapter 1 As they embraced in the 91st Street Garden, with Brinkley by their side, Kathleen felt as though she were dreaming; Joe Fox (the man who was once her fiercest business rival) and NY152 (the man who stole her heart with his words) were one and the same. When she looked into Joe's eyes, his face held a smile that melted her heart. Gently, he brushed a lock of hair from her forehead. \"I hope you're not disappointed.\" Kathleen's eyes filled with tears. \"Disappointed? Nothing could be further from the truth. I love you, Joe.\" \"And I love you, Kathleen.\" Her breath caught in her throat as he pulled her toward him, kissing her over and over. When they parted, she turned to admire her surroundings. Almost immediately, Joe wrapped his arms around her. She closed her eyes, feeling the warmth of his body on her back. It was like being wrapped in a soft blanket. Kathleen was truly in awe of the garden. It was one of the most beautiful places she'd ever seen. How odd that she hadn't known about it until now. It was a colorful paradise, right in the heart of the Upper West Side. Her mother would have loved it here. At the first thought of her mother, a familiar ache settled in her chest. The pain of knowing that the woman she loved most was gone forever. Sometimes the pain was so bad that it was so great that she almost couldn't breathe. It was the worst feeling in the world. The touch of Joe's lips on her neck startled her and she leaned into him. \"I'm sorry if I frightened you.\" Joe said. \"I-I was just...\" \"Thinking about your mother?\" Joe offered. Kathleen gasped in astonishment. \"How did you know?\" Joe's heart-melting smile returned. 'Well, from all the wonderful conversations we shared. You mentioned her so often that I feel like I knew her. You said she liked flowers, so I hoped this one would bring back happy memories.\" Kathleen was touched beyond measure. If there had been any doubts about her feelings for him, they all disappeared in that moment. It was then that she realized that she loved this man more than it was possible to love anyone. Overcome with emotion, she took his face in her hands and kissed him. \"Thank you.\" She whispered, as he held her in his arms. \"Thank you so much.\"[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 When darkness fell, Joe and Kathleen walked hand-in-hand through the twinkling lights of the Upper West Side; Brinkley following obediently close behind. Before she realized it, they had arrived at her apartment, bringing a sense of sadness. In mere minutes, this perfect day would come to an end. Suddenly, the thought of leaving Joe was almost unbearable. As they stood face to face, Joe took her hands in his as the faint sound of traffic filled the silence between them. \"Well, I guess this is goodnight.\" Joe said. He leaned over and kissed her so tenderly, that she found herself fighting back tears. \"I love you, Joe.\" Her voice quivered as she said the words, and immediately he kissed her again. \"And I love you.\" Kathleen leaned over to pet Brinkley, smiling when he nuzzled her hand. \"Goodnight, Brinkley.\" Joe turned to the Golden Retriever. \"Come on, let's go home.\" Joe turned and walked down the steps with his faithful friend following closely behind. Her hand on the doorknob, she was unable to tear her gaze away from them. Joe... When he turned around, she realized that she must have said his name out loud. Seconds later he was beside her, holding her in his arms. \"I-I'm sorry.\" She apologized. \"I just...\" Joe ran his hand through her hair. \"I hate saying goodnight too, Sweetheart.\" Kathleen held him close, breathing in the scent of his cologne. \"Joe?\" \"Mmmm hmmmm?\" He answered while trailing kisses down her neck. \"Now that we've... found each other... Will you...\" Joe stopped kissing her, and tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. \"Anything, Sweetheart. Just ask.\" \"Will you still e-mail me?\" The question made him smile, and he hugged her, surprising her when he picked up her small frame and twirled her around. \"Joe!\" Kathleen laughed as he gently sat her down. I guess I can take that as a 'yes'!\" \"I would love to e-mail you.\" Joe said as Kathleen leaned in for one last kiss. \"Goodnight.\" Joe whispered. The dog followed him down the steps and onto the sidewalk, stopping only to wait for Joe to blow a kiss to Kathleen.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 (Café Lalo) Kathleen smiled when she saw Christina waving to her from inside the café. She could hardly wait to tell her about the most romantic day of her life. \"So? What happened?\" Christina asked before Kathleen could even sit down. Unable to keep the smile off of her face, Kathleen pulled up a chair and thumbed through the menu. \"So what are you ordering? Everything is so good here, I can never decide.\" \"Forget about that.\" Christina said, pulling the menu from Kathleen's hands. \"I want to hear all about Mr. New York . And speaking of him, I can't believe you agreed to meet him after he stood you up!\" Much to Kathleen's relief, a waitress came to take her order. \"I'll have some tea and a scone please.\" Kathleen said to the waitress. \"So why did you want to meet here?\" Christina asked. \"Isn't this the very place where he deserted you?\" \"Well... yeah, but he had a very good reason for not being here.\" Kathleen said. Intrigued, Christina leaned foreword. \"Go on...\" Kathleen gazed around the restaurant remembering their meeting in the garden. She closed her eyes and suddenly she was there, kissing him... \"Kathleen? Kathleen? Kathleen!\" Christina touched Kathleen's sleeve, startling her back to the present. \"I-I'm sorry. What?\" \"You were a million miles away.\" Christina said. \"Oh no... I was just...\" \"So why won't you tell me about your encounter? What was it like?\" \"It was so romantic...\" Kathleen sighed. \"You're in love.\" Christina sighed. \"What? I'm not in love!\" Kathleen said innocently. Christina smiled knowingly. \"Kathleen! I've seen a million romantic movies in my lifetime, and believe me, I know that look. You're in love! So if you won't give me details, at least tell me his name!\" Kathleen couldn't hold her news in any longer. She took a deep breath, ready to share her secret with her friend. \"Well, you're not going to believe this.., but NY152 is really Joe Fox.\"[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 (Café at Fox Books) \"So what was her reaction when she saw you?\" Kevin asked. \"Was she surprised?\" Joe took a sip of his coffee. \"She was surprised all right. In fact, she cried.\" Kevin put down his mug in surprise. \"Wait a minute... she actually cried ?\" \"Yeah. At first I was afraid that she was disappointed.\" Kevin laughed. \"Can you blame her?\" \"Not at all... Not after that fiasco at Café Lalo. I should have never gone in there. I was horrible, Kevin; just horrible. You should have seen her face. She was heartbroken.\" \"Why didn't you just tell her the truth?\" \"I couldn't. She would have never believed me, and even if she did, it would have been a huge disappointment. I couldn't do that to her, Kevin. I've hurt her enough for a million lifetimes.\" \"Well obviously if she cried she must have been happy that it was you, right?\" Joe smiled. \"Yeah, she was happy. In fact, I don't think I've ever seen a woman that happy before.\" \"What about you?\" Kevin asked. \"What about me?\" Joe asked with a hint of annoyance. \"Are you happy? Because you look like you're in love.\" Kevin pointed out. Joe gazed around the massive bookstore, pretending to find interest in the steady stream of customers. \"Would you look at that, Kevin?\" He said, with a sweep of his hand. \"Now this is why I got into the book business... to enrich people's lives through literature.\" Kevin laughed and rolled his eyes. \"Come on, Man! You got into the business because your dad wouldn't let you play center for the Nicks!\" \"He never said I couldn't , Kevin!\" Joe retorted. \"He said I was just- Oh, never mind.\" \"Too short, I know...\" Kevin added. \"You never answered my question.\" \"Which was?\" \"Are you happy?\" When Joe looked away, Kevin laughed. \"You know what? You don't even have to answer that. I can see it all over your face. You're in love.\" Unable to deny it, Joe smiled. \"Yeah, I guess I am.\" \"So marry her!\" Kevin exclaimed. \"What are you waiting for?\" \"Kevin! I can't just marry someone at the drop of a hat!\" Joe said. \"Why not? You said you'd be crazy not to marry her if she was 'as good looking as a mailbox'. Believe me, if I had a mailbox that fine, I'd keep that thing enshrined in plastic!\" \"Well, yeah, but-.\" \"Okay, you win.\" Kevin said. \"But if you're not going to marry her, you should at least do something special for her. Women love that stuff.\" Joe smiled. \"You know something, Kevin? You're absolutely right. I should do something for her. And I know just the perfect thing.\"[Chapter 5] Chapter 5 (Café Lalo) Christina stared at Kathleen in stunned silence. \"Joe Fox ? Are you kidding ?\" Kathleen blushed and laughed. \"I know! Isn't it amazing? At first I was afraid that he wouldn't come, but then I heard someone calling for Brinkley, and-\" \"\"Who's Brinkley?\" Christina asked. The question made Kathleen laugh. \"Brinkley is his dog. You should see him. He's just the sweetest-\" \"So Mr. New York is really-\" \"Joe Fox. Yeah, I couldn't believe it either. He's the last person I even thought would-\" \"Kathleen, are you crazy ?\" \"Am I-What do you mean?\" \"Joe Fox? How can you even associate with that man after what he did to us?\" Christina asked angrily. \"What he did ?\" Kathleen asked, not sure what her friend was getting at. \"He ruined our lives, Kathleen! The store is gone! That was your dream, to give it to your daughter one day!\" \"But that wasn't his fault, Christina. It was just... business.\" \"Just business? Are you kidding?\" \"Well, I...\" \"Kathleen, because of Joe Fox, I have I have no job, no money to pay for school and I live in Brooklyn! Worse, I had to ask Birdie for a loan. Do you have any idea how embarrassing that is?\" \"Christina, I had no idea. I'm so sorry. I was just...\" \"I know what you were doing, Kathleen! You were so preoccupied with Mr. N.Y- whatever is name is, that you probably didn't care who he turned out to be!\" \"Christina! How can you say something like that? You know that's not true! I loved my store!\" Kathleen said, stung by Christina's hurtful words. When Christina didn't reply, Kathleen stood and grabbed her purse from the back of her chair. \"I-I should probably get going. See you later, Christina.\" Silently, she pushed the cafe door open and walked down the steps into the warm sunshine. When she reached the sidewalk, she sat down on the bench in front of the café, brushing away tears. You're wrong, Christine. Joe is a good person. Suddenly the door of Café Lalo opened, and Kathleen quickly rubbed her eyes with her sleeve. She looked up to see Christina running down the steps toward her, a distressed look on her face. Feeling a sense of awkwardness, Kathleen rose from the bench and started to walk away. \"Don't leave!\" Christina called to her. \"I-I need to go. I-\" Unexpectedly, Christina ran toward Kathleen and hugged her tightly. \"Oh God, Kathleen, I'm so sorry! I can't believe I freaked out like that!\" \"It's okay, really.\" Kathleen said. \"No it wasn't. I was awful to you. I'm never like that, am I?\" Kathleen smiled and hugged Christina again. \"No, Christina. Of course not! You're one of my best friends.\" \"Thanks.\" Christina said with a smile. \"I'll see you later.\" She began to walk away, but then stopped suddenly. Kathleen looked at her in surprise. \"What's wrong?\" Christina smiled. \"I hope you and Joe find forever happiness, Kathleen. I really do.\"[Chapter 6] For what seemed like the millionth time, Kathleen adjusted her pillow, trying to fall asleep. She'd spent the whole day writing her Children's book, and now she was exhausted. But she just couldn't get him out of her mind. He hadn't called or emailed, which wasn't like him at all. Instead of worrying about him, she selfishly blamed herself. What if he changed his mind? Decided that their past rivalry would get in the way of their newfound love for each other? It was ridiculous to even think it. But no matter how hard she tried to push the thought from her mind, it was always there. She turned beneath the covers to glance at the clock that sat on her nightstand. It had been hours since she last heard from Joe. Had she done something wrong? Said something stupid? It wouldn't be the first time. Only one man overlooked her many flaws. Frank. Maybe that's why they were so right for each other. Unable to stand it anymore, she rose from the bed and padded into the living room. Her laptop sat on the dining room table, closed and silent. She sat down at the table and turned on the computer, waiting patiently as it connected. Her breath caught in her throat, waiting to hear those three wonderful words; You've Got Mail And suddenly they came. Her heart beat increased as she clicked on the button. There, hidden between rows of emails was his name; NY152. And the subject line: I Love You. From: NY152 To: Shopgirl Subject: I love you Sweetheart, Working late tonight, sorry I didn't call you earlier. Didn't want to wake you. Hope you don't have any plans for tomorrow, because I have a surprise for you. Meet me at the store around 1pm. I promise, you'll love it. I love you, Joe Kathleen's heart was filled with love for him, and she had the craziest urge to hug the computer. A yawn escaped; a welcome event. Now, finally she could sleep.[Chapter 7] Joe read the report for a fifth time, finally realizing that he had no idea what it said. He just couldn't get her out of his mind. A glance at his watch told him that it was nearing one o'clock, and a strange sense of nervousness came over him. He passed the time by walking through the store, greeting every one he encountered, from employees to customers. Most importantly, he had to make sure that the store was being run up to his father and grandfather's high standards. Fox Books was, after all, his family's legacy and he wasn't about to disappoint those who had put so much faith in him. Of course, he didn't need to worry. Fox Books was, as Kevin called it, a \"well-oiled machine.\" Everything was in its place, from the books on the mahogany shelves to the warm pastries that filled the cafe's glass cases. Feeling anxious, he casually stepped outside, looking for any sign of the woman he loved. And suddenly she appeared. She was wearing a pink short sleeved dress, topped with a white button down cardigan. And on her face, the most beautiful smile he had ever seen. Kathleen stood on the corner that had become part of her second home. She'd stood here hundreds of times before; on her way to the one place she cherished most in this world. Now she gazed up at the huge white structure before her. The large Fox & Sons Books sign seemed to light up the street as though it belonged in Times Square, rather than the Upper West Side. People poured in and out of the door, and passersby peered into the picture window getting only a hint of what was inside. Painful memories rose to the surface, but she pushed them away. She had finally found happiness and right now, that was more important to her than anything else in the world. With a smile on her face, she crossed the street, her heart beating madly at the thought that Joe Fox was mere seconds away. She couldn't wait to see what he had in store for her. She made her way through the crowds of people, smiling sadly at the children who rushed in with their parents in tow. Stop it, Kathleen. Stop feeling sorry for yourself. This is a new life. You're a writer now, and your dreams can take you anywhere you want to go. As her hand reached the door she pulled it open and a burst of cool air hit her face. Suddenly she heard a noise behind her and let the door flutter closed. Curious, she walked outside, dismayed that she'd been mislead by something as small as a set of keys jingling as they hit the sidewalk. She raised her head and immediately wished she hadn't. She stood transfixed, staring at the sight before her. No... This was impossible. It can't be. In a daze, she crossed the street, barely aware of the honking horns, and angry yells coming from the cars and passersby on the street. Her throat felt tight as she moved toward the small building, unable to believe what she was seeing. Her hand flew to her mouth, and hot tears stung her eyes. No... Please say this isn't happening... Her beloved Shop Around The Corner was now a Baby Gap . \"Yes, Jack. I'll get on that right away.\" Joe said, taking the stack of papers from the bookseller. Damn...of all the times to be distracted, Jack had to pick the moment Kathleen arrived. Quickly, Joe shoved the papers in a nearby drawer. He'd get to them later. Right now someone more important needed him. He caught his reflection in the window and ran his hand through his hair. When he looked at his watch, he realized it had been several minutes since Kathleen had arrived. So where was she? Worriedly, he walked outside as the warm air hit his face. He reached into his pocket for his cell phone, when suddenly he saw her. Oh no... He had noticed the new store this morning when he came to work, and suddenly wished he hadn't asked her to meet him at Fox Books . As quickly as possible, he crossed the street, wondering what he could say. She stood in front of the Baby Gap, her hand on her mouth, trembling. Only a few months ago, the former children's bookstore had been the love of her life. The sight broke his heart. \"Kathleen...\" he said as softly as possible. When she didn't respond, he laid a gentle hand on her shoulder. The gesture made her turn around and when he saw the sadness in her eyes he was touched beyond measure. \"Joe...\" His name quivered on her lips and she collapsed into his arms, sobbing. He looked across the street at his legacy, and wondered if the investment was really worth it. In that moment, he realized just how much the little bookstore meant to her. Losing The Shop Around The Corner was like losing a part of her soul. And knowing how much she was hurting was the most painful thing he'd ever experienced. He held her close and rubbed her back, ignoring the stares of passersby. \"I'm so sorry, Kathleen.\" He whispered. After several minutes she pulled away from him and gave him a small smile. He pulled out a handkerchief from his pocket and blotted the tears from her face. \"I-I'm sorry.\" She said. \"I just...\" When her voice broke, he silenced her with a kiss. Finally she smiled. He took her hand in his. \"Come on, I have something special waiting for you.\" When they arrived in front of Fox Books , she took his face in her hands and kissed him, oblivious to the cheers and applause coming from the sidewalk.[Chapter 8] \"What was that all about?\" Kevin asked when Joe entered the New York City section. Feigning innocence, Joe shrugged. \"You know how New Yorkers are... always wanting to see something exciting.\" \"...or a display of affection.\" Kevin finished. The statement made Joe smile. \"I'm right, aren't I?\" Kevin continued. \"I knew it! So where is she now?\" \"She said she'd be right back.\" Joe said. \"She was pretty upset just a few minutes ago.\" \"Upset?\" Kevin asked incredulously. \"From what I could see she looked pretty happy. Heck, a kiss from a woman that fine would make me happy, too.\" Joe laughed. \"You're right. Unfortunately, she got here before I could warn her about the newest member of the Upper West Side.\" \"Huh?\" \"Over there.\" Joe said, pointing across the street to the Baby Gap. \"Oh yeah. Such a shame, isn't it?\" Kevin asked. \"How did she take it?\" \"Not well.\" Joe said. \"Oh, who am I kidding, Kevin? She was heartbroken! She tries so hard to be brave but inside she's torn apart. Her little bookstore is gone, and...\" He looked at his watch. \"What's taking her so long?\" \"That's a woman for you.\" Kevin said. \"I'm gonna see what's keeping her.\" Joe said. He rose from the cushioned chair he'd been sitting in, and looked around the store. Suddenly he knew where she was. He walked up the circular staircase and into the vast children's department. Stuffed animals and colorful books filled the shelves, and the laughter of young voices could be heard throughout. And there in the corner, was Kathleen. He stood in an inconspicuous spot, hidden behind a life-size stuffed Giant Panda, watching as she lovingly read a story to a small boy. \"And then Babar the elephant held the balloon tightly as it carried him high into the sky.\" She was saying. When she pointed to a page in the book, the little red haired boy laughed. Suddenly, Joe's heart was filled with joy. When she finished the book, the little boy looked at her attentively. \"Again!\" he cried. Kathleen smiled. \"We'd better go find your mommy. I bet she's really worried about you.\" As if on queue, a tall dark haired woman with the same facial features as the little boy appeared. \"There you are, Jake!\" She reached over and took him in her arms. Jake pointed to the Babar book. \"Mine!\" \"He really seemed to like it. It's a wonderful story.\" Kathleen said holding the book out to Jake's mother. The woman took the book from Kathleen and smiled thoughtfully \"I read this when I was a little girl. I bought it right over there at Shop Around The Corner .\" At the mention of her store, sadness filled Kathleen's eyes. \"Well, I hate to tell him no when he asks for books. He just loves to read.\" Jake's mother continued. As they started down the stairs, Jake turned and waved to Kathleen. \"Bye!\" he called to her. \"Bye Jake!\" Kathleen waved back smiling at the little boy. When they were no longer in sight, the loving smile on her face disappeared.[Chapter 9] Kathleen closed the Babar book and carefully placed it back on the shelf. Then she turned, surprised to find Joe smiling at her. \"Oh, I'm sorry.\" She said, looking at her watch. \"I was just...\" \"Yeah, I saw.\" Joe said. \"You have a wonderful way with children. I noticed it right away when I saw how you were with Matt and Annabelle. I never thanked you for that, by the way.\" She smiled at the compliment. \"Well, I just love children. The world is so much better with them, don't you think?\" \"You're absolutely right.\" Joe replied. \"Are you ready for your surprise?\" She rose and took his hand. \"Joe, you've already done so much for me!\" He kissed her cheek and put his arm around her. \"Like NY152 said... You'll love it.\" He winked. They walked hand in hand through the streets of New York. \"Joe! Where are you taking me?\" She laughed as they arrived at the pier. \"Well, I know you said you could never be with anyone who has a boat, but I'm hoping you'll change your mind.\" Joe said. He led her to a large wooden boat, emblazoned in gold with the name FOX. \"This is yours?\" she asked. \"Well, the small one is mine, but I have partial ownership in both of them.\" He said with a laugh. Joe smiled, stepped onto the boat and took her hand. \"Follow me.\" When they arrived in the cabin, Kathleen gasped. \"Joe...what is all this?\" \"This is for you.\" He said. She stood, mesmerized at the sight before her. The cabin was transformed into the most romantic thing she'd ever seen. The only lights came from the flickering candles that sat on the table and bookshelves. In the center of the table, an elaborate table setting with china and flowers was waiting for them. And a heavenly aroma of Italian food filled the room. \"Joe...\" She said again. \"This is... the most beautiful room I've ever seen.\" He took her in his arms and kissed her. \" You're beautiful.\" As they shared dinner at the small table, Kathleen reached over and took his hand. \"I can't believe you did all of this for me.\" Joe smiled. \"I just wanted to show you how much I love you.\" Tears filled Kathleen's eyes. \"I can't thank you enough.\" He poured her some more champagne and they shared a toast. \"To us...\" He said as they clinked their glasses together. Suddenly he rose from the table. \"Where are you going?\" She asked. He walked over to the bar and flipped a switch. Instantly the room was filled with the soft sounds of Joni Mitchell. He had picked her favorite song; River. \"Shall we dance?\" He asked, taking her hand. She melted into his arms as they danced to the lyrics she loved so much. \" I wish I had a river I could skate away on...\" Later that night, they stood in front of Kathleen's apartment, lost in each other's eyes. \"Just when I think I can't love you more, you do something to prove me wrong.\" Kathleen said. \"How did I get so lucky?\" Joe kissed her then. \"I'm the lucky one.\"[Chapter 10] The Next Day (Nelson Fox's Office) \"Dad, that's a ridiculous accusation!\" Joe ran his hand through his hair, unable to believe what he was hearing. \"Why would you even think that? You know it's not true.\" Nelson laughed. \"Of course it's the truth, Son! Anyone can see it.\" Joe took a sip of his coffee. \"Well I don't believe it for a second, and I never will. Kathleen Kelly is a loving, caring person. She'd never do a thing like that.\" \"Son, be careful around her. Kathleen Kelly is bad news.\" \"Why? Because we were on opposite sides of the book industry?\" Joe asked. \"Thanks to her publicity stunts, she almost destroyed our chances at building in the Upper West Side. Your grandfather worked hard to build this company into what it is today.\" Joe rolled his eyes. He'd heard the speech about his grandfather's legacy so many times, he knew it by heart. \"I'm telling you, Son. Kathleen Kelly is out for revenge.\" Joe sighed. \"She wasn't out for revenge , Dad. She was just trying to stay in business. It was her mother's legacy.\" \"Cecelia Kelly.\" Schuyler said. \"I think we might have had a date once.\" Joe smiled at his grandfather's recollection. \"Well, I for one am glad that it's gone.\" Nelson said. \"I was getting tired of the picketing and protesting that was always going on over there.\" \"Dad, don't start that again.\" \"I don't want you getting mixed up with her, Son. There's no telling what she'll try to do next. In just a few days, our profits dropped a whopping-.\" \"Two percent, Dad!\" Joe finished. \"That's hardly the end of the world.\" \"Thank God it only took mere months for her store to bit the dust. Now that they're all unemployed, they won't be bothering us anymore.\" At his father's words, Joe had a disturbing revelation. Had he really been so insensitive that he took pleasure in seeing smaller companies go under in favor of larger ones? \"Take my word for it, Son.\" Nelson said. \"Kathleen Kelly is a fake. And I can prove it.\" \"You don't even know her, Dad.\" Joe said. He stepped into the hallway, closing the door behind him. Joe barely knew Kathleen himself. But he knew one thing... He loved her, and nothing would ever change that.[Chapter 11] Three days later \"Joe...\" Kathleen whispered as Joe kissed her. \"You're everything I ever dreamed of.\" \"I love you, Kathleen. I've loved you since the moment I first walked into your store.\" Joe said. He took her hand and got down on bended knee. \"Kathleen, will you-.\" \"KATHLEEN!\" Startled at the sound of her name, Kathleen's eyes flew open; the romantic dream vanishing almost instantly. \"Kathleen!\" The voice yelled again. Someone was knocking on her apartment door. She glanced at her bedside alarm clock, surprised to find that it was barely 7am. The knocking continued, and she hurried to put on her robe. Who would be here at this hour? She opened the door, smiling at what she saw. \"Frank!\" she said, throwing her arms around him. \"It's so nice to see you!\" Frank hugged her tightly. \"Oh God, Kathleen, are you okay? I'm so sorry.\" She looked at him, perplexed. \"Sorry? For what?\" \"This.\" He said, holding up a copy of The Observer . \"I'm so sorry this happened, Kathleen. I tried to stop it, I really did. But they had already printed it, and-.\" \"Wait, what are you talking about?\" He grew silent. \"You mean, you haven't seen it?\" \"Frank, I have no idea what you're talking about.\" Frank swallowed hard. \"Kathleen, are you still seeing Joe Fox?\" At the sound of his name, Kathleen's face lit up. \"Frank, I can't believe I'm saying this, but I am deeply in love with him.\" Frank ran his hand nervously through his hair. \"Oh God... I didn't mean for you to find out this way.\" \"Find out what ?\" She asked, suddenly becoming worried. Slowly she held out her hand. \"Let me see that.\" His hand shook as he handed her the paper. \"I'm so sorry, Kathleen.\" He said again. She unfolded the pages, revealing the Editorial section. Her eyes scanned the page, until the headline jumped out at her... Letter to the Editor-by Joe Fox. Stunned at the sight of Joe's name in print, she cautiously began to read. As the owner of Fox Books, we've been very successful in the opening of our newest store in the Upper West Side. We managed to survive in the thriving book district, while bookstores like Sleuth Mystery Books, City Books and the longtime Children's bookstore, The Shop Around The Corner, did not. The Shop Around The Corner was a longtime fixture and much loved by readers who are now buying their books at Fox Books. Owner Kathleen Kelly showed a genuine affection for the children who visited her store faithfully. Therefore, it will come as a surprise to many that Kathleen is not the child loving person she seems to be. In fact, while her store was in existence, she was quoted many times as expressing remorse over keeping the store open for 46 years. She was also spotted by an unnamed source on the telephone during business hours, just weeks before the announcement of the new Fox Books store, as being in negotiations with a potential buyer for the store. The figure discussed was not disclosed, but was well into four figures. One must wonder what the huge display of protests and publicity was all about. It appears to me and most likely hundreds of other bookstore clientele that Kathleen Kelly is nothing but a fraud. Kathleen's hand trembled as she sat down the paper, bewildered at what she had just read. \"Kathleen?\" Frank was saying. She didn't respond, but stared at the hurtful words that were printed on the page. Frank walked toward her and kneeled down beside her. \"Kathleen. God, I-I'm so sorry. I saw it come through last night, and I did everything I could to stop them. I can't believe that he did this to you.\" Kathleen swallowed hard. \"I-I thought he loved me.\" \"I'm so sorry.\" Frank said again. \"I can't tell you how bad I feel.\" She put her hands in her face, and within seconds, the emotions that were swirling inside her escaped. Instantly, Frank was holding her in his arms, comforting her while she sobbed into his shirt. \"Sweetheart, I feel responsible, and I'll never forgive myself.\" Frank said, rubbing her back. Several minutes later, she calmed down and gently pulled away from him. \"Are you going to be okay?\" Frank asked, brushing the hair from her tear-streaked face. \"Yeah.\" Kathleen said. \"I'll be fine. I mean, losing the man I love and thought loved me isn't as bad as losing the only job I ever had, right?\" \"Oh Honey.\" Frank said, hugging her again. \"I wish there was something I could do.\" Kathleen sighed. \"There's nothing anyone can do, Frank.\" When the clock chimed, he stood and put on his jacket. \"I should probably go. Sydney Ann is waiting for me.\" Kathleen tried to smile through her tears. \"Yeah, you don't want to keep her waiting.\" And then he was gone, leaving her more alone than she ever thought possible.[Chapter 12] (Later that day... Birdie's House) \"Birdie, Christina... Please don't say I told you so , even though I deserve it.\" Kathleen said tearfully. Birdie poured Kathleen another cup of tea. \"No one deserves what you've been through, Dear.\" Christina took Kathleen's hand. \"I just, I feel like it's my fault, you know?\" \"That's ridiculous, Christina.\" Kathleen said, wiping away tears with her handkerchief. \"You didn't do anything.\" \"Kathleen, are you serious? When you told me about Mr. New York being Joe Fox, I flipped out! I never do that! I'm so sorry!\" \"You know, actually I should have listened to you. I wish I had never met Joe Fox.\" \"But what about Mr. New York?\" Kathleen smiled at Kristina's name for Joe. \"NY152.\" \"Right, NY152. So now what are you going to do?\" Kathleen sighed. \"Well, I guess I'll just spend my time working on my book. The deadline is getting closer and now I'll have a lot more time to finish it.\" \"Well, I hope it sells a million copies and makes so much money that Joe Fox will be sick with jealousy!\" Kristina said. \"Thank you, Kristina.\" Kathleen said, hugging her friend. \"Ever since we had to... close, I've really missed being around children, so writing a children's book is the next best thing. Why just the other day, I was in Fox Books, and there was the most adorable little boy. He-.\" Kristina's eyes widened. \" Fox Books ? What in the world were you doing there?\" Ignoring Birdie's look of dismay, Kathleen went on; \"Well I was waiting for Joe because he...\" When her voice broke, Birdie and Christina were at Kathleen's side. \"I'm so sorry this happened.\" Christina said \"Because you deserve all the happiness in the world.\" Kathleen sighed. She'd already had all the happiness in the world. Now that it was gone, she wondered if she'd ever get it back.[Chapter 13] (Later that night) Kathleen sat in bed, her laptop connecting to the Internet. Suddenly the familiar computer voice welcomed her and announced: \"You've Got Mail.\" With a few clicks of the mouse, the screen filled with the contents of her in-box. She scanned the list, her heart skipping a beat each time she saw his name: NY152. And each message contained the same subject: I Love You She touched the screen with her fingertips, longing to feel Joe's strong arms around her. Just as she was about to open one of his messages, the hurtful words she had read in the Observer came rushing back... Kathleen Kelly is nothing but a fraud. Tears splashed onto her cheeks as she highlighted each of Joe's messages. And with one click of the mouse, they vanished.[Chapter 14] (Three Days Later-The Gym) \"I just don't get it, Kevin.\" Joe said as he adjusted the speed of his treadmill. \"I've called, and emailed constantly and haven't heard a word from her.\" \"... and in New York's Upper West Side, it seems that former Shop Around The Corner owner Kathleen Kelly and Fox Books executive Joe Fox are at war once again .\" At the sound of his name, Joe glanced at the television that hung from the ceiling. \"What?\" \" An editorial written by Mr. Fox appeared in a recent edition of The Observer launched an all out attack on Ms. Kelly, questioning her motives and labeling her 'a fraud' .\" The reporter continued. Stunned, Joe stared at the television. Beside him, Kevin watched the story with interest. When it was over, he turned to his friend. \"Are you serious, Joe? I thought you loved her.\" \"Kevin! Of course I love her. I just... Wait, you really think I would do that, do you?\" Kevin shrugged. \"Well, the two of you were at odds when we first started building the store, and you weren't exactly a perfect gentleman when you met her at Café Lalo.\" Joe winced at the painful memory. \"Kevin, I swear, I had nothing to do with this! You have to believe me. I didn't write that letter!\" \"Well, after so much publicity regarding her store and the way we put her out of business, you're going to have a hard time convincing people that you're innocent.\" Joe turned off the treadmill and wrapped a towel around his neck. \"There's only one person I need to convince and that's Kathleen. As far as I'm concerned, no one else matters.\"[Chapter 15] \"Mr. Fox! Mr. Fox!\" A media frenzy greeted Joe as he pushed his way through the crowd of reporters that was gathered in front of Fox Books. \"What is this?\" He demanded. Before he could open the front door he was surrounded by cameras, microphones and reporters shouting questions all at once. \"Is it true that Kathleen Kelly hates children?\" \"Did she really try to sell her store for a four digit figure?\" \"Is she really plotting to bomb Fox Books?\" \"ENOUGH!\" Joe yelled, unable to take it anymore. \"Look, I'm not answering any of your questions.\" \"So you're saying you deny writing the letter to the editor of The Observer ?\" A reporter shouted. \"Of course I deny it, because it isn't true!\" Joe yelled. \"Have you seen the editorial?\" Another reporter yelled. \"No I haven't. So that should answer your question. I didn't even know it existed until this morning.\" \"Then you're saying it's just a coincidence that it appears in the very paper that Kathleen Kelly's ex writes a column for?\" \"Yes! But that doesn't mean that I-.\" And still more questions came... \"Is it true that you were planning on dumping Ms. Kelly?\" \"No! Of course not!\" Joe yelled, appalled at the question. \"Listen! For the last time, I did not write any editorial!\" \"But Mr. Fox, isn't it true that you were upset over the recent announcement that sales at your store have plummeted?\" \"Those figures are completely inaccurate!\" Joe yelled. \"Our sales are on the rebound after a mere 2% reduction. That's hardly a...\" his voice trailed off. Oh no... Please tell me this isn't true... \"Mr. Fox? Mr. Fox!\" Joe shoved the reporters aside and began to run down the sidewalk. He'd get to the bottom of this if it was the last thing he did.[Chapter 16] (At Starbucks) \"Kathleen, you've got to snap out of it! I've never seen you this way before.\" Christina said. Kathleen sighed and stirred her latte. \"Look, I know you're hurting, but you've got to move on with your life. What about your writing career?\" Kathleen looked at her friend. \"You know, Christina. Somehow, it doesn't seem that important anymore.\" Christina watched helplessly as Kathleen rose from her seat and tossed her latte into the trash can. \"Kathleen, wait! Don't leave!\" Christina called to her. But Kathleen was already walking out the door. Kathleen walked down the sidewalk, seemingly unaware of the coldness that enveloped her body. Tears blurred her eyes, but she refused to let them fall. She'd done enough crying to last a lifetime. Unaware of where she was going, she suddenly found herself in front of a familiar brick building. She'd been here a hundred times before and yet it felt as though she hadn't been here in ages. A strange sense of nervousness came over her as she hurried up the stairs, just in time to catch someone walking out. She went through the doorway and up the two flights of stairs that took her to # 413. She took a deep breath and knocked on the door. Her heart beat faster, when, after a moment's silence, she heard the unmistakable sound of footsteps and then the clicking of the lock. Suddenly the door opened. \"Kathleen!\" She smiled as Frank greeted her with a hug. \"Hey, I've been worried about you. How are you doing?\" he asked. \"Oh, well... You know, keeping busy.\" She responded. \"Great, I'm glad. So what brings you here?\" \"I-I just thought we could talk.\" Frank seemed surprised. \"Oh. Okay. Well, have a seat. Would you like a drink?\" \"No, thank you. I'm fine.\" He led her to the sofa and sat down next to her. \"So what's on your mind?\" he asked. \"Um, well... I think we should talk about us.\" She said. The expression on his face softened. \"Kathleen...\" \"I-I just... I think we made a big mistake. Or I did, anyway. I took you for granted, Frank.\" He reached out and touched her cheek. \"No, you're wonderful. You could never take anyone for granted.\" She blushed, as though Frank were a boy she had a crush on. \"Thanks.\" \"It's the truth, Kathleen.\" She stared at him for a minute. \"Well, I did and I feel terrible. You deserve so much more than that. I want you to be happy, Frank.\" \"Well I am happy.\" Frank said. \"I want the same for you. And you'll find it, Kathleen. I promise.\" He rose from the sofa, but she grabbed his arm and pulled him back. \"Kathleen, what...\" Before he could finish she wrapped her arms around him, and kissed him. Frank pulled away from her; stunned by the gesture. \"Wh-why did you do that?\" Unfazed by the severity of his words, she smiled. \"Because I love you, Frank.\" He swallowed hard. \"Kathleen...\" \"We had something special, Frank. I just didn't realize it. I'm so sorry. I want to be with you again.\" Frank stared at her in disbelief. He took her hands in his, caressing them. \"Kathleen, I don't know what to say.\" She smiled and touched his face. \"Don't say anything. Just come home with me.\" He sat silently, as though pondering the request. \"I... I don't know how to tell you this... But I don't love you.\" \"Look, I know we said that before, but things are different now.\" She said. Frank sighed. \"No, Kathleen. You don't understand. I care about you, Kathleen, you're a wonderful person. But I'm in love with Sydney Ann. In fact, we're getting married.\" Kathleen swallowed hard. Of course... She couldn't believe she had forgotten about Sydney Ann. When she tried to speak, no words came out. Frank touched her shoulder. \"Kathleen, is this about Joe Fox?\" \"I-I should really go. I'm sorry I bothered you. Take care, Frank.\" He followed her to the door. \"Don't leave, please.\" Without waiting for him to respond, she ran down the stairs, ignoring him calling her name.[Chapter 17] Joe forced himself to calm down as he knocked on the office door. \"Come in.\" He took a deep breath and opened the door, greeted with a smile by his grandfather and his dad. Unfortunately he was unable to smile in return. \"Son! How nice to see you!\" Nelson said. \"Have a seat! We were just discussing where to have lunch.\" Suppressing his anger, Joe walked into the office and sat down. \"It's nice to be able to get some work done at the office for a change. Since we opened the store, the last few months have been nothing but chaos.\" Nelson said. Schuler laughed. \"You can say that again, son. I'd almost forgotten what this office looked like!\" But Joe wasn't laughing. \"Is something wrong, Son?\" Nelson asked. \"You seem awfully quiet.\" Joe clenched the newspaper in his hand. \"Have you seen this morning's paper, Dad?\" \"Have I seen it?\" Nelson asked. \"Absolutely! In fact, I-.\" \"How could you, Dad? How could you do this?\" Joe angrily held up the newspaper and pointed to the editorial. Nelson laughed. \"Oh yeah. That was pretty good, wasn't it? Sure got a lot of people talking at the store.\" \"I can't believe you, Dad! I thought you loved me.\" Nelson looked at him; stunned at the statement. \"Of course I love you, Son! What is this about?\" \"THIS!\" Joe yelled, startled by the sound of his own voice. \"How could you write this... these lies and sign my name to it?\" \"Well, Son. You're the real owner of Fox Books, so I thought they should hear the truth from the person who knows Kathleen Kelly best.\" \"Dad, this is an outrage! Don't you realize what you've done?\" \"I was doing it for you, son!\" Nelson said. \"What, by accusing Kathleen Kelly of all these horrible things? Selling the store? Hating children? I had a pack of wolves on me this morning at the store, all asking me about some article I had no idea had been printed!\" \"See? You're famous, Joe.\" Schuler said. \"I don't want to be famous, Grandfather! I want Kathleen! She won't return my calls or my emails... I don't even think she wants to see me again!\" \"You'll be better off without her.\" Nelson said. \"Better off?\" Joe asked, unable to believe what he was hearing. \"Better off? I LOVE her, Dad! Can't you understand that? I'm nothing without her!\" Nelson laughed. \"Nothing? How can you say that? Since we opened the Upper West Side branch, we'll soon be richer than we ever dreamed!\" \"I don't care about that.\" Joe said, startling his father and grandfather into silence. \"I am in love with Kathleen Kelly. I've loved her since the first moment I walked into her store, and I'll love her until the day I die. If loving her means giving up Fox books, then so be it.\" \"You're making a big mistake, Son.\" Nelson said. \"No, Dad. My mistake was not seeing this editorial before Kathleen did. Now I don't know if I'll ever be able to get her back.\" \"Kathleen Kelly is bad news, Joe.\" Nelson said. \"You deserve better.\" \"I deserve to be happy.\" Joe said. \"And the only one that makes me happy is Kathleen Kelly.\" Nelson sighed as Joe opened the door to leave. \"You may not realize it now, but you'll thank me for this one day.\" Joe wordlessly stepped into the hallway and closed the door behind him, wondering if he ever really knew his father at all.[Chapter 18] Joe sat in the tiny boat, trying to push the confrontation with his father out of his mind. No matter how much he tried, he still couldn't believe that his father would do such a hurtful thing. His dad didn't know Kathleen like Joe did. Kathleen was a loving, caring woman who was just trying to save the business that she loved so much. Unlike Joe who, up until recently was more concerned with how many small bookstores he could put out of business to ensure his own success. He thought of all the times he and his father had worked together, hoping that their business would generate money. \"When a man has money, he's set for life. No worries about anything, and that's what I want for you, Son.\" His father once said. Well, Joe had a lot of money, so why wasn't he happy? Suddenly he had a revelation; one that startled him. Happiness wasn't about money or being successful. It was about finding someone that you care about deeply, and wanting to share your whole life with that person. Sure, he did love Fox Books. He'd worked hard to get the business off the ground; from the days of his childhood when Fox Books was but a small store in the Bronx, to what it was now; a well known corporation. Without someone to share his life with; and someone to love... Well, life just wasn't worth living. He flipped the switch on his computer and waited until the screen lit up. His hand trembled slightly as he logged onto the Internet and almost instantly the familiar AOL logo appeared on the screen. However, there was no word from Kathleen. Damn it... Before he could stop himself, he clicked on her screen name and began to type: To: Shopgirl From: NY152 Subject: I Love You Dear Kathleen, I'm sure I'm the last person you want to hear from, but please read what I have to say and I promise I'll never bother you again. Please believe me when I tell you that I had nothing to do with that editorial in the New York Times. My father is still bitter over the rivalry we had regarding the store and without my knowledge, chose to write that editorial and sign my name to it. I would never do anything to hurt you and I know it's hard to believe, considering our history and the horrible way I treated you at Café Lalo, but please, Kathleen. I'm nothing without you. If I could give up everything today; the success of Fox Books, the money... all of it, I would. If only for one minute of you in my arms. I'll love you forever, Joe He clicked on SEND and the email disappeared, on the way to the woman he loved. He looked around the empty boat, remembering the evening that he and Kathleen had spent in his dad's boat. He'd never been happier in his entire life. As though wanting to provide some comfort, Brinkley appeared, nuzzling Joe's hand. Joe stroked the dog's ears. \"We've got to get her back, Brinkley. I can't live without her.\" A few minutes later he heard the words \"You've Got Mail\". \"Kathleen...\" Anxiously he clicked on the email to open it, and his heart sank... The user NY152 has been blocked.[Chapter 19] (The next morning-Kathleen's apartment) Kathleen squinted at the bright sunlight that streamed through the window. She couldn't believe the night had passed so quickly. It seemed as though it had taken forever; as she lie awake, cursing herself for being so stupid. How could she not have known that Joe was a fake and a fraud? She should have never gone into that chat room, and given her heart to a stranger. What was she thinking? She had someone wonderful. Frank was a man who was loyal, kind and considerate and cared for her very deeply. So why had she thrown it all away? She glanced at the clock and was about to go back to sleep when she heard a knock on the door. \"Joe...\" Quickly she changed into a ratty pair of sweatpants and a New York University sweatshirt and scrunched her hair with her fingers. The knocking came again and her heart raced. She had no idea what she should say to him. He'd hurt her deeper than she'd ever been hurt before. But no matter how hard she tried to deny it, she loved him. She hurried to unlock the deadbolt and then unlatched the chain. Her breath caught in her throat as she opened the door... and found herself staring into a familiar face. When she looked again, she realized that she'd never seen the man, but there was something about him. \"Kathleen Kelly?\" The man said. \"Yes. Can I help you?\" The man's expression was one of unhappiness. \"May I come in?\" He asked. She hesitated. \"Do I know you?\" \"Oh, please forgive me.\" He said with a smile. He removed his hat and extended his hand. \"Nelson Fox.\" \" Fox ?\" She repeated. \"Fox Books.\" He said. \"I wondered if I might have a few moments?\" She sighed. \"If you're here to offer me a job, then you can just forget it. I have no intention of ever going near that store again, and-.\" \"I'm not here to offer you a job, ma'am. I just need to speak to you about something.\" \"Oh...\" She said hesitantly. \"Please, can I come in? It will just take a few minutes and then you can get back to whatever it was you were doing.\" He said. \"I'm not here to harm you, if that's what you're worried about.\" When she saw the sadness in his eyes, she knew that he was sincere. \"Okay, come in, please.\" He stepped inside and looked around the apartment. \"Lovely place you have here. I admire a woman with a sense of decorative tastes.\" \"Thank you.\" Kathleen said, still wondering what this man could possibly want with her. \"May I?\" He asked, pointing to the sofa. \"Oh... yes, of course. Would you like some coffee?\" Kathleen asked. \"That would be very nice, thank you.\" Nelson said. Kathleen walked into the kitchen and poured two freshly brewed cups of coffee. She took them into the living room and handed one to Nelson. \"Thank you.\" He said, taking the cup. \"So what can I do for you?\" She asked, unable to hide her irritation. \"As I said before, my name is Nelson Fox and I believe you know my son, Joe.\" She looked at him, incredulous. \"You-you're Joe's father?\" \"Yes ma'am and I'm afraid that I've done a terrible thing.\" Kathleen sighed. \"Joe's the terrible one. He broke my heart, and I just can't... I'm sorry...\" she said, her voice breaking. Nelson reached for a tissue and handed it to her. \"Thank you.\" She said blotting the tears from her face. \"I'm afraid that I'm the one at fault here, and not my son.\" Nelson said. \"You? How could you possibly take the blame for something he did? I mean the things he wrote in that editorial just-.\" \"I wrote that letter to the editor.\" Nelson said. She stared at him in disbelief. \"What?\" Nelson sighed. \"Yes ma'am. I'm the one you should be angry at. Not Joe.\" \"But-but why... why would you do that?\" \"I guess I just... I wanted our business to be successful and everything else was just in the way. People come into our store daily, asking why we don't have a particular book that your store carried, or why our booksellers aren't as knowledgeable the ones at The Shop Around The Corner were. I just couldn't take the comparisons and the protests anymore.\" \"Joe put you up to this, didn't he?\" Kathleen asked. \"I really thought he was special but now...\" \"He doesn't know that I'm here.\" Nelson said. \"And he has no idea that the article was printed until he saw it on TV and was then confronted by the media about it. He came to see me yesterday and it was only after he left my office that I realized how much he really loves you.\" Kathleen gasped. \"But how...\" \"He told me that he was willing to give up his career for you. The last time I heard that was when my wife... um, my first wife left me. I can't say I blame her, though. I was unfaithful, and I've regretted it ever since. And now Gillian is gone and...\" \"Gillian?\" Kathleen repeated. \"Matthew's mother.\" \"Oh right. Joe's brother.\" Kathleen said. \"The one who can spell his name. \"F-O-X\" They both laughed at the memory. \"Yes, ma'am. So, um... I just wanted to apologize on behalf of my son. Believe me, if I could take it all back, I would. I...\" Suddenly he stopped. \"What's wrong?\" Kathleen asked. \"I... there's something I need to take care of. Thank you so much for inviting me in, and for the coffee. It was a pleasure meeting you.\" Kathleen smiled. \"Thank you for coming by.\" Nelson stood and walked to the door, then turned to Kathleen. \"My son really loves you. He said he didn't think he could go on living without you. He should be at home now, if you... Well, whatever you decide is fine with me.\" He extended his hand in greeting, but Kathleen hugged him instead. As he opened the door and stepped into the hallway, Kathleen put her hand on his shoulder. \"Mr. Fox?\" He turned to her. \"I'm sorry about Gillian leaving you. You're a very nice man.\" He smiled. \"Thank you ma'am. That means a lot.\"[Chapter 20] (The next afternoon) Kathleen's breath caught in her chest as she stood in front of Fox Books. She'd experienced this feeling before; the feeling of losing someone you love so deeply. She never thought anything would hurt worse than losing her mother. Until now... The idea that she was responsible for losing Joe hurt Kathleen deeper than she thought was possible. She should just leave. It was a mistake to try and win him back, even knowing that Nelson had written the article. Joe would never forgive her. She doubted his trust and wasn't trust the very foundation of a relationship? Swallowing hard, she entered the store, which was bustling with customers who pushed their way past her, as though she were invisible. And right now she wished she were. In a daze, she approached the information booth where a boy was typing something on the computer. \"Can I help you, lady?\" he asked, startling her with his tone. She glanced at his name tag; Stephen. He couldn't have been more than seventeen and clearly wasn't happy to be there. Stephen wouldn't have lasted long in her store. A bookseller for The Shop around the Corner not only had to have a love for children and books, but a genuine appreciation for people in general. She wondered what credentials Fox Books had used in hiring this kid. Quickly she pushed the thought from her mind. Stop it Kathleen. The Shop around the Corner is gone. The realization made her heart ache again and she willed the hurt away. When would this pain end? \"Did you need something, lady?\" Stephen snapped, starling her out of her thoughts. \"Um, yes... I was looking for Joe Fox.\" \"Joe Fox?\" Stephen replied, as though she had spoken a foreign language. \"Yes. Do you know where he is?\" \"He's gone.\" Stephen said, much too harshly. \"Oh... Well, do you know when he'll be back, because I really need to talk to-.\" \"He left town.\" Stephen interrupted. Kathleen's heart sank. Of course he left town; probably to get as far away from her as possible. Tears welled in her eyes and she had to fight to keep them at bay. \"Thank you.\" She said, but no sound came out. Taking one last look around the store, she turned and headed for the exit. \"Kathleen?\" She stopped abruptly at the familiar voice. No... It couldn't be... Slowly she turned around. \"Joe?\" To Kathleen's surprise, he actually seemed happy to see her. \"I thought you were out of town.\" \"Out of town? Where did you hear that?\" Kathleen pointed to Stephen, who quickly averted his eyes; a sure sign that he'd been eavesdropping. \"Right...\" Joe said. When he rolled his eyes, Kathleen couldn't help but smile. \"Well, I... I guess I should be heading home.\" She pushed the door open and stepped outside. \"Kathleen, wait.\" His hand touched her shoulder, and she looked up at the ceiling, trying desperately to keep her tears from falling. \"I-I really have to go.\" \"Kathleen...\" Slowly he turned her toward him. When she looked into his eyes, a lone tear escaped and she fought back a sob. \"Can we go somewhere and talk?\" Joe whispered, as he brushed the tear from her cheek. \"Mmmm hmmm...\" was all she could manage to say. He nodded at Stephen. \"I'm gonna be out for a while, so if anyone calls, foreword them to my cell phone, okay?\" \"Sure thing.\" Stephen nodded, never taking his eyes off of the computer screen. Joe returned his attention to Kathleen and took her hand. \"Come on.\" They walked hand in hand out of the store and down the sidewalk until they came to a familiar spot; The 91st Street Garden. Joe led her to a bench and sat down beside her. They turned to each other, both of them speaking at once. \"Joe-.\" \"Kathleen-.\" Laughing at the coincidence, they shyly looked away. \"You first.\" Joe said. \"I-I'm sorry.\" Kathleen said in a trembling voice. Joe tucked a lock of hair behind her ear. \"Sweetheart...\" he said the name so tenderly that the tears she'd been holding in rose to the surface and began to fall. \"Come here.\" He took her in his arms and held her as she sobbed into his shirt. After a few minutes, she raised her head and looked at him tearfully. \"You have nothing to be sorry for.\" Joe said. \"The fault is mine.\" \"But I didn't believe you when-.\" He silenced her with a kiss. \"My father and I talked this morning.\" Joe said. \"He told me all about the article and how he went to your apartment. I guess I was wrong about him. Kathleen, I'm sorry... about a lot of things. Our business rivalry, you losing your store and especially about your being humiliated on television like that. Believe me, I wish I would have seen that article sooner because I would never-.\" Kathleen stroked his face with her fingers. \"I love you, Joe.\" \"And I love you, Kathleen.\" The kiss they shared was sweeter than she ever dreamed. When the kiss ended, Joe smiled and took her hand. \"Come on, let's go home.\" As they walked hand in hand through the streets of New York, Kathleen sighed. Suddenly she turned to him. \"You know, I was wondering...\" \"What about?\" \"Do you think that Nelson would have liked my mother?\" Joe smiled, remembering his grandfather's fondness for Cecilia. \"I think my dad would have loved her. He takes after my grandfather.\" The End ","Summary":" Now That I've Found You Chapter 1 As they embraced in the 91st Street Garden, with Brinkley by thei"}]