[{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Constraints Of Conforming","Author":"Ififall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6760802","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The graceful worried tap of the hands, the delicate flutter of eyes did nothing to please him. Men that were fooled by that pretence were weak, and stupid, too lazy to see beyond it. He pited them, he pited everyone, because he knew their fear their secret that they were all constantly trying to escape from. Was he supposed to feel sorry for her? With a dead husband and a newly born fresh deceased mother? Everyone had their sob stories, each one different but similarly pathetic. He told Llewelyn the price he'd have to pay, but he thought he was smarter than the average redneck, he thought that he could just take the money, shoot all the bad guys and a live off a lifetime supply of frozen spam at Walmart. Was Moss really that dense? He had his chance to spare her, prove that he was her knight in cheap shirt armour but he refused, if she should blame anyone, it should be him. If he was real husband, a real provider, a real person, he wouldn't have endangered her, but his ego came first, and she'd realise that soon enough, when she saw him again. He asked her again to call it, the blankness of her face almost matched his but not quite, there was still a scent of worry there that clung to her like a cheap perfume. He held the tunnel exit of his weapon in his hand hoping to make it short and sweet, this wasn't a case of right of wrong, good or bad. Her husband, the person she was supposed to spend the rest of her life with had started this, and now he would end it. \"Wait\" Carla Jean said in a whisper. \"Mind if I pray?\" She asked. \"Mind? No\" He told her as she clasped her hands together. The breath she took first was the slowest. \"Llew, mama I'm sorry, sorry that I couldn't...even though it was none of my business. God help this guy too\" She said looking at Anton with a confused expression. That was more than enough crap than he saw fit. He cocked the tunnel up and released the bolt. Carla jean's head rocked back, her eyes tilted up to the heavens, he was doing her a service. Taking her by the bolt's hand and guiding her to her husband, but she'd probably be comforted by her \"mama\" Even an elegant death couldn't change trailer trash. Anton opened his legs, quickly closed them and got up, picking up his weapon. The simplicity of the act felt dull and he needed the flames of a livewire to test his patience. ","Summary":" The graceful worried tap of the hands, the delicate flutter of eyes did nothing to please him. Men "},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"No Country For Old Men: Parking Garage","Author":"Wunderwaffe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8999500","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Parking Garage Anton Chigurh was hosing down his new Ute he had previously killed for, getting rid of all the feathers from the previous owners chickens. He was suddenly confronted by the parking garage owner who was curious about this man and, like every kind sole living in 1980, just wanted to strike up a friendly conversation... \"How ya doin\" Said the owner. \"Fine\" Anton said. \"Where ya chickens?\" the shop's owner said, who was ALREADY starting to get on Anton's nerves. \"I beg your pardon\" \"Where ya chickens\" repeated the owner. \"I saw you was cleaning feathers, and what's that gas bottle thingo you got there.\" The man giggled at the sight of this man carrying a gas canister around like it was his pet. \"I was unaware that was of your concern\" Said Anton, suddenly bringing the cheerful smile on the owners face to a halt. \"Sir, I'm just trying to have a friendly chat. Gettin quite bored out here you know. Rarely do I get a customer-\" \"Where do you live?\" questioned Anton, forcing the owner into a frown. \"About 10 mins west of here, but I was unaware that was any of YOUR concern\" said the owner. He was serious but still had a giggle spread across his sentence. \"Oh, I think it is\" \"I hardly think so sir\" \"Well what you think isn't always accurate then\" Said Anton, now making the owner a bit angry. \"Listen mister, I don't know what this conversation's beginning to turn into but I don't like-\" \"That's foolish, you started it, and now you don't like it.\" \"No, sir, you turned it into-\" \"Alright, forget my comment about your house, leave\" Anton said, giving the owner one last warning, but he didn't know that. The owner just thought that this was an odd man being disrespectful. \"No, sir, this is my god damn shop! You leave- \"Let me ask you something, and you must answer\" \"WHAT?\" Frustration clearly echoing through the owners voice. \"What's the most you ever lost on a coin toss?\" \"I don't care, why do I need to answer some stupid gambling question tha-\" Anton suddenly flipped the coin, shutting the mouth of the owner \"I want you…to call it\" \"Sir, I aint playin your coin games, some of us have work to do, now if-\" \"Call it. This may be one of the most important decisions you will make, so I can't call it for you.\" \"Why?\" said the man, confused at what this conversation had come to. \"I can't tell you. Then the coin will have no say\" \"Why should a coin control my actions?\" \"Because this coin is worth more value than your entire self, now call it.\" \"Jesus Christ, if it will get you away from here, heads then…\" Anton glanced at the coin. There was a moment of silence between the two, broken only by Anton's dark voice.\" \"Would you hold still?\" ","Summary":" Parking Garage Anton Chigurh was hosing down his new Ute he had previously killed for, getting rid "},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Killer","Author":"MovieVillain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13225174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] He kills without any emotion As if it didn't matter to him The side he belonged to is on his own He doesn't care about anyone but himself One of the diagnosis of a sociopath An unstoppable killing machine Who doesn't care who he cross paths with All he ever does is killing anyone Without even a single emotion such as remorse or compassion To show the nature of a killer To some of his victims who were in fear of him But he doesn't hate them with a single glance on them His favorite game is a coin toss to determine their fate He will make the kill if he has won But the victim is spared if he has lost The mark of a killer seems to be spreading ","Summary":" He kills without any emotion As if it didn't matter to him The side he belonged to is on his own He"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"The Wrong Man","Author":"Laylinka","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7490757","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Started: May 2008 Finished: October 2011 Summery: The deal was simple: Anton was to kidnap Leah for ransom. He was to call her mother and demand 2 million dollars for the safety and release of her daughter, but there was a third party and they would be sorry they dealt with Anton Chigurh. Anton is a stealthy person. He could slip in do the job and slip out without anyone being the wiser. Though as he neared the house with loud music playing, the house of his target, he didn't have to worry too much about the noise he might make. She would be none the wiser until it was too late. Undercover of darkness, with her mother out of town, he entered through a backdoor. It was 9:00 pm, and lights were on in various rooms. He observed the short petite girl in the living room then go to the dining room. She had a pony tail with wispy bangs in her eyes. She wore light grey yoga pants with a bright yellow camisole. He silently followed her until she went to the basement and came up the stairs with a basket of clothes. He observed further and followed her up stairs and watched her put her clothes away. He hid behind the door as she went back down stairs into the living room. While walking up behind her, she turned around unexpectedly. She barely had time to be in shock as he grabbed her, chloroforming her. He quickly injected her with a sleep inducing drug. It would be a long 3 hour drive. He moved about the house, grabbing the large duffle bag and heading for her room. He yanked clothes out of her closet, probably more then needed. Then he slipped into her private bathroom were he quickly threw an armload of toiletries in the bag. The plan was for this to be quick, he didn't take the chance for any problems, not even the slightest. At the destination, he lied her down on a cot in a make shift basement fortress. He fetched her bag, tossed it on the floor and went back upstairs. She woke as if from a dream. Feeling groggy and tired, she tried to stretch out only to find out that she couldn't. Her eyes met a dimly lit room. She swallowed hard and the memories flooded her mind. ' Where am I?' She asked herself in terrible awe. She released a shudder of panic. 'How am I going to get out of here?' The room she was in an average sized room. There was a door to her far left and a door across from that one. The room had dark brown paneling and orange carpeting. Behind her on a small night stand was a large Vanilla scented candle. She struggled in her bonds and leaned forward and examined the ropes on her feet. To her utter horror she felt the need to use the restroom. 'This can't be happening.' She thought and started to shake. She immediately froze hearing footsteps upstairs. She heard the door to the basement stairs opening, then feet padding downstairs. Swallowing panic, she lied back down and pretended to sleep not wanting to interact with her captor. She heard the door open and she dreadfully realized she was still shaking slightly. She hoped he wouldn't come too close. His foot steps were soundless on the carpet as he neared her. She was just 16 years old and of Asian decent. He eyed her like a job very much wanting this to go off with out a hitch. But this wasn't an assassination, like he was used to. He might have to actually talk to her and all the panic that it would involve, judging by her shaking. He looked down at her barefoot form, lying on her side facing him with her head curled down ward. There was candle light at her back. He merely wanted to see if she had woken up as he had predicted from the drug induced sleep. He stood there for a few more moments watching her shiver. \"You're awake.\" He simply stated. His deep voice sent chills down her spine. Now that he knew she was awake she wanted to open her eyes, but at the same time she did not. He was eerily calm. She heard a sigh escape his lips. She dared open her eyes to see his back to her walking away. \"Wait.\" She whispered. He turned slowly. \"Do you have a bathroom?\" He knelt down and appeared to take a knife from thin air. \"Hold Still.\" He gave her a lingering look before freeing her legs. She watched him cut the ropes off her shaking hands. The way he was staring into her eyes was a warning without saying a word. When he finished he stood up. She slowly got into a sitting position and wondered why he was still standing there. She slowly got to her feet. Walking along the wall as to put as much distance between her and him as possible. Watching him out of the corner of her eye she made her way to the bathroom. Relaxing enough to use the bathroom was a struggle. She finished and washed her hands stopping to look at her reflection in the mirror. It felt like she was living some surreal nightmare. She thought of talking to him asking him what all of this is, but she really didn't want to. She wrestled with herself mentally and her anxiety worsened. She started to cry silently. She thought about escaping about trying the door across from the bathroom leading upstairs. Anton sat on the cot and waited for Leah to get out. He finally saw the door open. She eyed the door from where he came from. She discreetly glanced at him. \"Come here.\" He said barely above a whisper. She didn't want to. \"Come here.\" He said lightly. She didn't want to go an inch closer to him. She had her eyes fixed on the floor and her side against the bathroom door. \"Come here,\" he said darkly. She winced a bit and swallowed hard. A glimmer in her mind told her she should've went but now she was sure she didn't want to. He rose. Hearing the bed springs squeak she looked up. She gasped and put her hands up defensively. 'Oh my god, he's going to kill me or worse.' She was tense as he grabbed her, pulling her to the bed. Tears formed in her eyes and in one fluid movement he tripped her onto the mattress and sat down. He took out a pair of hand cuffs. Her throat tightened, she looked up at him terrified. \"Oh no, please don't.\" He looked at her. It was a strange look. Then he cuffed her left hand to one of the head board poles and folded his hands in his lap. Then he spoke; \"It's still late, sleep.\" He gazed into the fire for a moment then walked out of the room. Everything had happened so fast her tears hadn't even had time to fall. But her relief when he left caused an onslaught of emotion that only got worse. ' What's going on? Why, why does he want me? Ransom? If it was ransom then I should be ok. My mother will agree to any terms for this to be over.' She thought to calm herself. She wanted to ask but had wanted him to leave even more. He seemed content in not telling her anything and that was discouraging. She pulled and yanked uselessly trying to free herself but only hurt her wrist in the process. She felt emotionally drained though her mind would not leave her in peace. Many other reasons why people get abducted crashed through her mind unbidden. She worried herself on the verge of sickness. If she wasn't already scared, she was horrified now, in the dark, in the calm, in the silence. She cried silently. Her mind wandered. She thought about his face and how apathetic it looked. She thought about his voice. It was deep. It was calm, but it wasn't gentle. She had so many questions but his demeanor held her voice captive just as much as the rest of her. She didn't know if there where others and he was just a guy sent down to keep an eye on her or if he was acting alone. She didn't know if someone had hired him to do this. Thoughts troubled her of how he had gotten her to this place, of what he may have done while she was asleep disturbed her as well, though he hadn't touched her while she was awake. Horrible feelings about being out in middle of nowhere caused her to shake uncontrollably all over again. Sometime later, she couldn't be certain, she fell asleep. She woke to find herself in a dim room and tried to imagine it was her dim room. She tried to imagine the events of last night were just a nightmare she had woken up from. The sick feeling of reality interrupted her fantasy. She scanned the room to see if anyone was there. It was empty. She was grateful. She didn't want any contact with him. There was something unnerving about his silence and it continued to keep her in silence, for the most part. Her thoughts shifted to her mother whom she thought would comfort her but instead consumed with worry instead. She thought about the look on her mothers face when she would realize her daughters gone, the sadness and despair that would follow. She felt tears slide down her nose and hit the pillow. The fact that she was restrained made her feel even worse. She didn't understand why she had to be cuffed if the door was locked. By no stretch of the imagination could she over power him. She could only guess that he liked it, but yet for some reason choose to not take advantage yet. If he liked it then that means it was just him acting alone. She was sick at the thought and wanted answers, instead if fear of the unknown. She dreaded when she'd have to use the bathroom again because that just meant she'd have to see him again. She had no concept of what time it was. She regretted taking for granted the act of merely being able to wash her face anytime she wished. The suspense of what her waking hours would bring was boring down on her. Two long hours passed. Her heart sped up when she heard him descend the staircase. She rose bringing her knees up, sitting tightly against the bed frame. He sat in front of her, she held her breath. \"I need you to do something for me,\" he stated taking out a phone. \"I need you to tell your mother that you are ok.\" She nodded her head. \"Ok.\" He spoke first and she found out that this was all about ransom. He handed the phone to her with her mother was crying on the other end. It made her cry to and try to calm her down. He let her say a few words then took the phone and hung up. She continued to cry, with mixed feelings of relief but still dread. She finally knew why this was happening. She got a hold of herself and felt the courage to ask him a question. \"Is it just you?\" He knew to what she was referring to. As if reading her mind he answered, \"It is only me.\" He glanced at her. \"Do you take comfort in that?\" She wiped her face with her hand. She didn't know how to answer that. In a way she did but not the 'safe' kind of comfort. It was just comforting to know that she'd be dealing with only one person. \"Sort of.\" He leaned toward her causing her to sit tighter against the bed frame. He asked; \"Don't you know how these things go? I make my demands. They follow the rules. They bring me the money. Then I let you go. Don't cry.\" Then he left. She thought that last part was strange. He sounded completely unaffected but still thought to inform her that her situation was hopeful. He seemed so sure. Maybe he was right. Everything was going according to plan. She wasn't hurt her so she took comfort that. Thoughts that she may live through this crossed her mind. Then reality struck her. How these things go; she repeated in her mind, these things usually don't end well at all. Considering she couldn't run to the bathroom, she tried really hard not to be sick. She began to feel hungry but wasn't sure she could eat. She was alone with her thoughts for so long and had a feeling he didn't want to talk to her at all and that was fine with her. She wanted this to be over as quick as possible. She heard him descend the stairs again and she winced and quickly coiled up against the bed frame. He was carrying a plate with a frozen dinner on it. He laid it on the bed. Turning to her, he unlocked the cuffs and took them with him as he started to leave. \"How are you so sure?\" she asked continuing from his previous confident words that that everything will be fine. He knew what she was asking and replied; \"Because I know you and I know your mother. From the beginning, this plan didn't entail anything more then keeping you here for a short while, safely.\" She was glad to have her hands free and went to the bathroom as soon as he left. She then ate all he had brought her. After she was done she stretched, paced and explored the room. Anton was going to leave the house so he went downstairs and made sure Leah wasn't going to go anywhere. She sat with her knees up to her chest. Upon hearing him ahead come down the stairs she stood quickly. He stood in front of her and said, \"Turn around.\" She gave him a suspicious skeptical look. His eyes found the ceiling and he sighed. \"Just turn around,\" he repeated. \"What are you going to do?\" she asked. He quickly grabbed her and turned her cuffing her hands behind her back. She gasped and tried to pull away from him. Wait, what are you doing? What are you-\" He took her by the shoulders and turned her back around. Her throat tightened. \"Why?\" she whispered. \"This is the way it's done.\" He turned and left with out saying much as usual. Bound uncomfortably, she sank down to the floor and let out a shaky breath. She heard him descend the stairs. She thought it was bad news. She had a really bad feeling. He found her sitting on the bed with her feet on the floor. He pulled up a chair and handed her a half wadded up piece of bright orange paper to her. She took it from him. It was a home made wanted poster with her picture on it. \"I told your mother you would remain unharmed if she met my terms. I told her to tell no one and this is what she does. Mommy's been very bad.\" ' This doesn't make sense ,' she thought looking at the piece of paper. \"She didn't do this.\" She shook her head. \"If she said she wouldn't do this, she didn't.\" \"It doesn't matter.\" \"What? Of course it matters. Everything is still going according to your plan. No one is going to find us.\" \"It doesn't matter. It's done.\" He showed her the key and motioned for her to turn around so he could unlock the cuffs, she let him. \"What's done? What do you mean?\" \"She could have brought you home safely, but now she violated the terms of our agreement.\" Her mouth hung open at the realization at what his words entailed. \"She's getting your money as we speak,\" she said shakily. \"She will leave it where you told her and you can let me go.\" He sighed. \"You'll get the money.\" She blinked and tears fell down her face. \"You know you will. I just want to go back, please.\" He watched her like he watches everyone try to talk their way out of getting killed and cower in front of him. Suddenly he smiled. He got an awful idea. Anton got a wonderful, awful idea. This wouldn't be over, no, not yet. He moved the chair out then sat back on his legs and seemed to take a coin from thin air. Upon seeing this, like lightening, she reached out and gripped his fingers that held the coin. He looked at her surprised that she would be so bold. She could not have known what he was going to do. He smiled a little. They stared into each others eyes as he withdrew his hand from hers slowly, flipped the coin and placed it on her thigh with his hand over it. \"This is the best I can do. Call it.\" She stared, shocked. \"What? Why?\" \"Just call it.\" His eyes stared into her, dark and full of malicious quiet. \"Based on a coin toss, you're going to decide weather you hurt me or not.\" She laughed mirthlessly. But you don't want to. You don't want to hurt me.\" \"You don't know what I want.\" \"I do.\" She looked around trying to gather her thoughts. \"You, the first time you spoke to me the most you said was everything would be ok.\" She blinked and tears dropped down her face. \"That I should know how things like this go and that everything would be ok. That's what you want.\" \"I misjudged the situation, now call it,\" he commanded darkly. He was non responsive to her reasoning. He was crazy. She was shaking badly and wanted this to be over more then anything. \"Tails.\" He uncovered the coin. She saw she was right. Before she even looked up at him he picked her up and threw her on the bed, straddling her hips and tearing at her shirt. \"Stop,\" she whispered. \"Stop!\" She cried. He dialed her mother's number and heard her answer the phone. After pulling her shirt up over her head he bent down halfway on top of her. \"Stop! Please,\" she cried again. He held both her hands in his and ran his other up and down the side of her body. Her mother picked up the phone and immediately broke down hearing her daughter screaming and crying on the other end. He then ran his hand up her neck and brushed her wispy bangs back from her forehead. He stroked the top of her head for a moment while he closed the phone ending the call. He clamped his hand over her mouth to quiet her and said, \"Well done.\" Swiftly, he got up and left. He left her horrified, more then she'd ever been in her life. She rolled up in a ball, shaking and crying. What was that? Was he just trying to scare me? It all happened so fast. Then almost as quick as he started he stopped. The more she thought about it she couldn't recall him touching her, touching her in any inappropriate way. He could've but he didn't. She wondered why. She had won the coin toss, maybe that was why. She had won the coin toss so he went the route of scaring her instead of ending it and killing her. He didn't want to do either of those things but it was the principal of the situation. All he had needed was to show her mother that he was serious. Not more then an hour later he entered the room. She was sitting on the bed. He sat opposite her, his back to her. \"Why did you do that?\" she asked. \"I told your mother I'd hurt you if she didn't follow my instructions.\" \"Yeah, but…how would she know?\" \"During that event I dialed your mothers' number; she picked up and heard everything.\" \"You WHAT?!\" She couldn't hide her outrage. She stood up. \"What? Oh my god. What part of you'll get the money and disappear back into the abyss where you came from didn't you understand?\" \"What happened was in your best interest.\" \"You're crazy.\" \"I'm not asking for an assessment of my mental state.\" \"How could you be so cruel?\" \"No. Not cruel. Not to you. Take that back.\" He interrupted, taking a step closer to her. She looked to him and stopped her rant. \"No.\" She shook her head. \"Take it back.\" He took a step closer, she took a step back. She didn't want to back down. He had seen her at her weakest and she hated it. \"It's the truth.\" She choked out. He placed both his hands on the wall on either side of her. He fought the urge to tear the apology from her. Enjoying seeing her flatten herself against the wall; his hands landed on her shoulders. She gasped. He let his fingers to play with the back of her neck, causing her to shiver. She felt his fingers circle their way around her throat. Her hands instinctively went to his forearms. He applied pressure and curiously glanced down at her hands on his forearms. \"Take it back.\" He said darkly and looked into her wide eyes. She didn't want to give him the satisfaction but she feared passing out. She was almost sure he wouldn't kill her but the apathy in his face was startling. The pain was slowly increasing. She held what little breath she had and struggled a bit. A moment later she realized she could barely breathe. Her hands weakly grabbed at his. Panicking, she whimpered and told him, \"Stop, I'm sorry -\" He relented just enough for her to speak and raised his brows. \"You're not, not cruel.-\" One of her hands grabbed at the front of his shirt. \"You haven't been cruel to me; you've been good. Please stop, I'm sorry.\" His eyes again went to her hand that held a handful of his shirt. \"I have no doubt, that you will tell them that, provided I let it remain the truth.\" He slowly let go. Her hands went up in a protective manor as she slid against the wall away from him. \"Voice your opinions with caution; you have no idea who I am.\" \"You let me see your face. You think you're the kind the cops will never catch.\" Mr. Dizon called Anton. \"Her mother paid the ransom; I have your cut waiting.\" \"Keep the money. It's what you wanted.\" \"What? The plan was that I'd meet you and we would exchange: the money for my daughter. What are you talking about? Is she alright? \"I'm going to keep her.\" Anton stated simply. \"Why?\" Her father asked out of disbelief. \"Why do you care?\" He asked apathetically. \"I want you to bring her to our meeting place NOW,\" her father said sternly. \"Is she alright?\" \"What do you think?\" he toyed with her father. \"She's my daughter. You better not hurt her,\" he said angrily. \"You said you wouldn't hurt her.\" \"You don't care what happens to her. You scared your own daughter half to death using her in a conspiracy to get money. You gave her over to be kidnapped by a hit man. You're why she's in this situation. It was your greed, debt and selfishness.\" \"Let her go or I swear to god I will-\" \"You swear to god that you will what? If you go to the police, you'll expose yourself. If you go to the police Mr. Dizon…do you know how many people would come to your funeral?\" The man on the other end gasped. \"I'll give you half,\" her father offered. \"Tsk, tsk, tsk. Good night, Mr. Dizon.\" On the other end of the receiver he heard a coin drop onto a table, the metallic sound as it bounced a few times then finally a rattle as it settled. Then the phone went dead. It was Mr. Dizon, her own father that hired Anton to kidnap her. Her mother was well off. They were divorced and her mother got custody. Having her kidnapped he would keep the ransom for himself and give this Anton guy, the kidnapper, his cut. Her father had a gambling problem, credit card debts and other debt. Greed, envy and bitterness were always a constant in their long over with marriage. ","Summary":" Started: May 2008 Finished: October 2011 Summery: The deal was simple: Anton was to kidnap Leah for"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Call it, Shock Stall it","Author":"Ififall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6761175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: People who do not like slash please do not read. Annoyed because the limp left him visually weak, he couldn't help but acknowledge the excitement as he clocked Carson with one glance. Each step awkward but determined, there was a certain thrill in coming into contact with Mr Well's essence, it reminded him of their history, some of the memories good, and others questionable. Although Carson was forced to become a piece of the puzzle, the very fact that he had been hired to track him was an insult, and all insults had to be strangled out of consciousness. It wasn't the method that was important, just as long as it was done. As Carson wiped the sweat from his brow he could feel eyes on him. He hoped it was really good looking girl, or even a big guy that wanted to kick his ass, anyone would have been better than the voice he heard behind him. He stopped and turned, looking down at Anton as he looked back with the delicate remains of an innocent grin. \"Hello\" He said with slow deliberateness. \"Show me the way\" Carson had no choice but to lead him to his room, this could be the last night he was gonna spend it in alive. Chigurh's inprint of destruction had swiped it's sweaty palm on his shoulder, and he was willing to do anything to wipe it off. He opened the door pushing it with a creak as he walked though his crappy little set-up. If it was anyone else, he would have felt embarassed, but he knew his visitor didn't give a corpses shit. Chigurh shut the door, and placed himself against a leather chair. Fancy but expected for someone like Wells, one of the reasons their partnership went down the crapper, but possibilites whirled round in both of their minds. \"I take it you don't want tea or coffee\" Wells said, moulding his mouth into a smile, but sure as heck knew that if Chigurh told him to stand up, underneath him a puddle would erupt on the floor like niagra falls. \"You've been in contact with Moss\" Anton told him, ready to get the information. \"I sure have\" Wells told him with a sure nod. \"He threw it over a fence. Landed in greenland. Can show you\" He told him bluntly. \"Bow down and give it to ya like a god, that's how you want it\" Wells stated as if that was a fact. \"The fake pedestal is broken, live with it...or not\" Chigurh teased him as Wells's pulse quickened. Flattery apprently did the trick because two minutes later they were heading to Moss's money hiding place and Wells's wishing well. Wells hoped it was still there or his body would be dragged out onto the road by dogs. After politely going into a shop to get torches Wells had to literally place his Jacket on the floor, because they both knew that it wasn't going to be held. His shoes were covered in dirt and nettles enjoyed slashing his arms, he cursed Moss for being such a paranoid ass, but he did have every reason to be. With Chigurh clutching the case and his weapon, Wells figured he was either going to be dead or homeless tonight. Chigurh claimed no pity as his own so he'd probably have to go to the lobby bathroom to get cleaned up then run the fuck outta there. Alarmed by his own cowardice when they got back to the hotel, he immediately went to the bathroom and took his shirt off. With the thin cheap toilet paper he started dabbing the bloody scratches on his skin. His eyes widened as he saw Chigurh watching him. \"Dammit, I could have been squatting over last night's steak Chigurh\" He told him. \"But you weren't\" He answered. \"Stop hiding, and sit on the chair\" He asked, and in itchy pain, Wells did as he was told. His upper half in pain as his body sagged from gravity alone. Chigurh came out with what looked like napkins and a small pot which looked like it had water in it. \"Chigurh, you ain't touching me with that\" Wells warned, even though he'd knew he'd lost before he'd opened his mouth. \"I \"ain't\" Chigurh told him. \"This is\" He said, putting the pot on one of the napkins and dabbing it on Well's arm. It hurt, and he was sure Chigurh was getting some type of happiness from doing it, but it never showed on his face. After he finished the torture, Wells's went into his room picked out the most ugliest looking shirt he could find and came to face Chigurh buttoning it up. \"Shirt suits you\" He said without one note of sarcasm. \"I guess, busted inside and out\" Said Wells as he began getting his suitcase out. Chigurh couldn't help but stare at both of the objects. \"Where are you going?\" He asked. \"Find another place to lay\" \"But this is your room\" Chigurh stated in the flatest tone he could muster. \"It can't be, it's yours\" He said, as Chigurh walked to the door and leaned against it. \"You were here first, time travel\" He asked, forcing them to remember the nights in copy-cat rooms like this, where he'd lie on the floor while his \"partner\" took the bed. It couldn't be that way tonight though, not with so much money in the room. \"You bought the room, you take the bed\" Chigurh told him, as if reading his mind. \"Nah I insist\" Wells's said. Chigurh shook his head. \"Southern hospitality slays me. It's just a myth. Your wounds won't heal on the floor\" \"Anton\" Wells said in a tired groan. \"They're just plant marks\" \"It's only fair you stay\" Anton said putting his hand against his weapon, leaning for attention on his leg. \"I tell you what I'll do\" Said Wells, as he got up and walked towards Anton and knelt on the floor. Anton was careful clueless until he could feel Wells's tongue on his torso. \"Atlantic city, the swinging lantern, nineteen seventy two\" Anton said as he knelt against the door. \"Nothing gets past you, I hate to break it to you Anton, but this good old southern boy's more than just a one trick pony\" He began to unzip Anton's trousers, but his teammate took his circular gun and placed it against Wells's head even though Wells's was pretty sure Anton wasn't gonna pull shit, he bowed his head from the solitary pressure of submission he'd placed upon himself. \"Tricks from who?\" He asked. \"Anton this is a secret that goes no further than here. K? I can read more than a painting or a can of beans\" He said with a grin, his fingertips on the elastic waist of his underwear. Anton put the gun down and Carson used that as permission to complete his task. It was better than diving in shit to get that satchel, but he didn't know what he was gonna say to Anton tomorrow. The throbbing in his gut constantly reminded him that he may not survive the mysterious angst that gnawed at Anton endlessly. He stayed calm, hoped Anton felt that he was good at this mission, he'd be a sorry excuse of a man if he took a bullet to the skull dying on his knees wearing a shirt even his dog wouldn't choose to piss on. ","Summary":" A/N: People who do not like slash please do not read. Annoyed because the limp left him visually we"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Silent as Stone","Author":"Kurai Fenikuse","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6710567","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Silent as Stone It was around July 4 th in France. I remember cause over a thousand US guns fired in salute of independence day. We were at the german lines in Normandy. Even with the gunfire it was quite a peaceful day and I had figured the Krauts would attack while we were celebrating. But it wasnt so. There had been some drizzling rain goin' on for a while and it was a little chilly. Nothin' we couldnt handle. Not after D-Day. My regiment the 8 th was the first one on the beach. Let me tell you that ain't nothin' to be proud of. I watched my buddy go down almost immediately. He had taken a mortar head on. The blast had thrown me back into the blood red water. No sir. Not nothin' to be proud of at all. Sergeant Bell! the CO yelled. Yessir I said. Get your squad together. I want you boys to check out the enemy's radio chatter. We found a place for you, he said pointing at a dirty map. It's an open field but there is a small hut near the edge of the clearing. I want you boys in there and relaying anything you hear to us. We'll be sending a translator with you, speaks French and German. Upham! He yelled. A young rookie with an unhardened face and big childish doe eyes bumbled toward us. He dragged his typewriter with him and his helmet was cockeyed. He stood at an awkward attention with his lanky arm cupping the typewriter. Drop that typewriter boy. Yessir. I could tell by his accent that he was from the Northeast. Them boys up there loved their typewriters. Private Upham, meet your new CO Sergeant Ed Tom Bell. You'll be joinin' his squad for some recon and radio watch. I want you to write down anything them Kraut bastards say, even a little whisper, even if they're talkin' bout the weather, I want you to have it down. Yessir. Sir? Permission to speak? Granted. Can I bring my typewriter, sir? Your call, Sergeant. I looked long and hard at the kid. He was sweatin' nervous like. Most likely drafted, I thought. Boy if you can carry it and be on pace with the squad when we're marchin' through enemy territory be my guest. Just don't get shot cause I don't get a lick of German. On second thought sir I'll leave it behind. We were headed to mess to meet up with the rest of my squad when they bumped into us. Cpl Aldo Raine was at the head of the group, he joined up right away when he heard the States were gonna be goin' after the Nazis. He was the type to wear me down, a little too excited to get a shot at some Krauts. Always had a dumb smile on his face under his thick mustache. He was a year younger'n I was and from Tennessee. 'Tention! Cpl Raine called. At ease, fellas, I said. Lieutenant Taylor got us an assignment. We'll be heading out at 0500. We gon' have a go at dem Nat-zis, Sarge? Raine asked. I hope to God not I said. It was a long trek to the clearing and the sky seemed to not want us to go. There was unending darkness ahead and we were pummeled with chilly rain. Took us till about 0930 or something to finally reach the farmhouse. It was only two rooms, and the most uncomfortable stone to sleep on. Upham did a good job monitoring the signals and translating and Aldo never did stop talking about scalping them Nazis. I liked to take watch just to peer into the nothing and listen to the rain. It sounded very soothing as it hit the gray stone of the farmhouse and this stone trough just outside. I squatted by it one time and just looked at it and thought about how long it had been there. I wondered if the man who chiseled it thought it might be here today. This trough kept standin despite the test of time and the wear of the rain and the fightin of the war. Sometimes I wonder why I couldnt do what the trough did. But that dont matter now. I sat out there thinkin about the stone trough for a piece. Then Upham called me in. Sir, listen. I did. I didn't hear nothin boy what is it? I said. Nothin. What the hell are you talkin about, nothing? What did you hear? I mean you cant hear nothing. Listen. And he was right. Last thing I heard was the pitter patter of the rain on the stone roof. When I woke up I saw there was no roof anymore. A round had come through the wall and just blowed it to hell. I was numb almost all over and couldnt hear nothin. Aldo was dead and bleedin over Pfc Wallace's .30 caliber. Upham was blown to bits. I set up the .30 caliber and waited for the Krauts to get closer to avoid another shell. After two feet of belt I stopped firin. One of 'em survived and ran off into the woods. The rest of my squad were all injured and layin there, groanin and I damn sure didnt know what I was gonna do when it turned dark. When it did turn dark I acted on instinct. I cut and run. My men laid there in the broken stone groanin soon to be silent. As I ran I looked back at that stone trough again. I wondered how something like that could stay strong and standin. I sure as hell couldnt. I ran and ran and got to Taylor's position near 0200 the next night. Before I had reached base I had stayed and slept or at least tried to sleep in the woods. What a woods it was. Only tree trunks left. I told Taylor what happened and he seemed mighty disappointed in me and the next day he said he'd told Major McAllister. McAllister sent for me and told me I was to get the Bronze Star. I couldnt believe it and told him the exact way it all happened and he threatened me not to tell it thataway again. The next few weeks I just kept wishin I died there with my men cause it's a blood oath to go with your men till the end but I hadnt fulfilled my oath. I had left my boys there lyin in the mud and I ran like I had somethin to live for. Sometimes I think I dont. The rest of my tour was not nearly so bad as that night. I got that medal but did not bear it proudly and I couldnt bear to go visit my squad's families. I knew that they would be there thinkin why? Why their boys? Why did they die and you live? Sometimes even I wonder that. Not a night goes by where I dont think about Upham, Aldo, Wallace, or the rest. It's bound to stay with me for the rest of my natural life. I know so far that it has. My men are dead and Im still here still standin. Standin here like the trough. But I cant weather it forever. Even with my job as Sheriff keepin me busy I still think about them. Now all they can do is lay there quieter than the stone. ","Summary":" Silent as Stone It was around July 4 th in France. I remember cause over a thousand US guns fired i"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Indian Summer","Author":"La Hija Del Mar","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5174144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I expect this author's note to be fairly long-winded, but I'd appreciate my readers taking the time to get the gist of what I will attempt to convey. Firstly, I understand that the idea alone of a No Country for Old Men fan fiction can be particularly controversial. I think it's because the both the film and the novel (particularly the film) purposely leave many things ambiguous, yet the plot allows itself to be taken very seriously and as such many people have very firm stances on their interpretations and are not open to any ideas that might contradict their own. I hope that you will keep an open mind when reading this, even if the plot described sounds completely out of the realm of possibility. I don't know exactly what it was that gave me incentive and/or inspiration to write this in the first place. I'm not above admitting that it might simply be my crushes on Javier Bardem and Kelly MacDonald that created some sort of subconscious porn-scenario twist on the end scene and that a larger plot was simply born out of that fantasy. But instead of writing some one-shot, aggressive/forceful, spontaneous sex scene and being done with it, I felt I'd do both McCarthy and the respective actors more justice. Also, I'd feel extremely uncomfortable writing a smut, lose all self-respect, and feel as though there were only a thin-veil between me and the profession of cheesy romance-novel author. But I digress. This is most definitely a \"what-if\" and possibly AU, if that makes you feel more comfortable with the subject matter. Nonetheless, I take this challenge seriously and will do my best to keep both characters in-character and respect the original literature and film. I will later say more about my interpretations of all the characters of consequence to the story, but for now, I'd like for the first chapter to simply be read and digested. I would also love some very nitpicky, critical feedback. Seriously. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The open box lay tellingly on the nightstand, seeming almost to be hiding behind the tissue box in humiliation of its true identity and purpose. He could see it, however. He could see it with unwavering clarity from his seated position across the room. It was justification enough for him to rise slowly and make his way calculatedly over to the object to affirm its purpose. He was too distracted with the act to notice her flinch in her seated position on the vanity stool, observing him with eyes that deepened in fear and hopelessness. \"What's this?\" he asked, hoarsely, his back turned to her. She could tell the question was not induced from an ignorance of what something on the nightstand was, but rather, an almost parental demand that she admit what it was, whatever it was, so as to own up to her own guilt. What she was guilty of, other than being the former wife of the man she chose to marry, apparently, she wasn't sure. \"What is what?\" she replied back, trying her best not to sound too defiant. It wasn't her intention to be wittingly rebellious, yet she suspected he thought she was anyway. He turned around gradually, eyeing her with accusatory suspicion. \"This,\" he stated firmly, producing the empty, palm-sized box. She gazed disbelievingly from the box to him, the realization dawning on her coupled with unavoidable shame. She opened her mouth as if to say something, anything, but the words failed to materialize in her throat. Instead she gaped a bit like a fish, her eyes searching desperately for anything to stare at besides him. She was too preoccupied to notice him glance briefly in the direction of the hall bathroom, and so it came as an especially startling surprise when he suddenly grasped her firmly around the wrist of the right hand, yanking her to her feet and dragging her behind him down the hall, her shoes dragging against the plank wood floors as she struggled for stable footing. When they reached the threshold of the bathroom, he released his clasp and left her in the door way as he broached the tiny, pink trashcan that sat beside the toilet. She watched him as he studied it, noticing how ridiculously out of place he looked in the mostly pink and flower themed bathroom, his towering, shadowy form contrasting almost amusingly with the salmon-colored shower curtain that provided his backdrop. In any other setting, she would have giggled. Given that her life was at stake, however, she found it particularly difficult to see anything as entertaining. It was then that he looked up at her, his hollow, cavernous dark eyes meeting with the vulnerable, frightened sea-green of hers. There was an unintelligible emotion to his features, one that she couldn't easily qualify. He seemed almost amused at some form of situational irony that only he was aware of. \"You're pregnant,\" he stated finally, breaking the silence with a matter-of-fact tone. Her eyes shifted uneasily, eventually floating down unwillingly to her womb. She twisted her fingers around one another and slightly shuffled her feet. \"Yes,\" she admitted, softly. \"At least I think so, anyway.\" \"Ten tests,\" he responded. \"All positive. You're pregnant.\" The statement seemed to momentarily hover in the air between them as she searched with futility for something decent to say. She didn't like his assured tone of voice, as if he would known this fact better than she, as if he was her doctor. She wanted to correct him, to remind him that he wasn't her healthcare provider and was instead the figure potentially responsible for killing both she and her family. What right did he have to enter her house and invade her privacy? Murdering her was one thing, lecturing her, another. \"Yes, and?\" she finally retaliated defensively. \"What concern is it of yours if I am or if I ain't? \" He inhaled deeply, swallowing slowly as he turned to stare at his reflection in the mirror. From what she could tell, he had arrived at a personal moral crossroads, unable to be decisive in his final decision for her fate. \"I promised to kill his wife,\" he began quietly, continuing to focus on himself for confirmation. \"Not his child. It wouldn't be fair.\" He then shifted to look at her, his demeanor changing entirely to one of urgency. \"I was never here,\" he said simply, and then gingerly pushed past her to the hallway. Though something told her she shouldn't have, she watched his dark figure begin to be swallowed by the shadows of the hallway as he approached the kitchen, presumably to exit back through the way he had come in. She nearly couldn't bring herself to believe that what had just happened had actually happened, that not moments ago she was in a logical debate for her life with an unsettling stranger, and now he had turned on his heel and left- just like that. It was surreal to think a psychopathic killer, as he obviously was, would make such an exception for her. She figured she understood his mentality, or rather, the expected mentality of any sadistic murder- kill as much as possible, show no mercy and for no other reason to slake a lust for blood. Yet this man had defied her assumptions from the beginning. Instead of killing her on sight he explained why he felt he was obligated to do so, why she was accountable even though she hadn't been a partied to any of the former chaos. He had even offered the chance of the coin toss, and while she found the idea of her life depending on a heads or tails disgusting, it nevertheless went against anything and everything she thought she understood about men like him. He was detestable and frightening, yet he seemed to have some kind of twisted ethical code that he followed with steadfast loyalty. In the end, how could she fault for him doing what he perhaps perceived as right? It was then that there was gunfire, loud, and thunderous, that shattered a few windows in the bedroom. Startled, she nearly fell to the ground, holding on to the banister of the bathroom doorway for support as she slowly lost stability in her knees. Her palms instantly became moist with the sweat of fear, a fear that she had harbored since the night her husband came home with a gun and satchel of unknown origin and that now had blossomed to greater heights, stronger, even, then how she felt when she saw him sitting in the corner. Two firm, rough hands suddenly inserted themselves under her arms, hoisting her up roughly and with surprising ease. She leaned against an unfamiliar chest as she attempted to regain the strength in her legs and the figure behind her tried furtively to assist. \"There are group of them who think you have it,\" the sickeningly familiar, deep accented voice explained as he straightened her out. He didn't need to clarify for her that he was talking about a group of the Mexican pushers that had been tricked out of the fated bag of money. As soon as she was able to stand he reclaimed his grasp on her wrist and pulled her forcefully towards the kitchen. Before she could ask any questions they had reached the open window, and he had already begun to hoist her upwards towards the sill by placing one hand underneath her foot and another on her upper back. \"Wh-what're you doin'?\" she managed to sputter out, feeling completely bewildered and lacking anything better to say in request for clarification. His glittering dark eyes narrowed at her in bitter frustration, and he clenched his jaw as he pushed her foot upwards. \" Get out the window,\" he demanded through gritted teeth, while in the background the sound of the beating attempt to knock down the front door resonated throughout the house. Trying not to think too deeply about any of the present activities, she propelled her upper body out of the window by pressing her hands against the sides of the sill. He provided the rest of the necessary action, tossing her legs and lower body out behind her. The fall wasn't in the least bit steep, being, at the most, a four foot drop. Nevertheless, she felt the pain of the impact as she tumbled head over heels into the grass. He soon followed after, landing on his feet with a feline precision despite his otherwise imposing form, proceeding to take hold once more of her wrist, pull her to her feet, and drag her along behind him. She hardly noticed when she lost a high-heeled black shoe, as it happened simultaneously with the sound of the front door finally caving to the pressure of the Mexicans' beating. They ran across backyards, jumping fences, and weaving through houses. She made a point of not looking back, not thinking of the intruders that now swarmed her mother's house and defiled everything within while looking for a satchel that was never there to begin with. That life, her former life, was no longer sacred. She knew at the point, following her would-be killer as they navigated through the bowels of the neighborhood, that she would have to leave that existence behind and accept graciously whatever was given to her after that, be it death or otherwise. She wasn't in possession of an abundance of options, after all. They eventually reached the street that ran parallel with one that obtained her mother's former house. He led them to a green sedan that sat unsuspectingly in front of another matchbox similar to the one they had just escaped from. He unexpectedly brought her around to the passenger side, quickly opening the door for her, before rushing around to the driver's side, throwing himself in, and proceeding to rev the engine. She did the same, devoid of any time to once more ponder his otherwise gentlemanly act before he floored the acceleration and sped out of the neighborhood. There followed a period of rather uncomfortable silence as both of them struggled to regain a steady breathing pattern. It was a feeling of near relief for both of them, yet she couldn't easily shrug off the acknowledgement of whose company she now occupied. She couldn't restrain her curiosity long enough to keep from asking him, \"Why'd you do that?\" He didn't look over at her or make any other recognition of her question other than an audible exhale through his nose as he focused devotedly on the road. \"I promised you'd be accountable,\" he reiterated. \" Not your child .\" Her eyes drifted away from him, still not quite grasping his otherworldly ethics. In the process, she managed to glance at herself in the rear-view mirror, appalled by the wretch that now looked back at her. Mud was streaked over her cheeks, her hair had been blown into unmanageable tangles by the wind, and her mass of clumped strands had managed to harbor a few stray blades of grass. When she then looked down at her dress, she noticed that her panty hose had been ripped to near shreds and her faded black mourning dress had been torn at the lower hem, as well as the upper sleeve. She could only wonder what she was now in the process of becoming. What had one mistake on her husband's behalf transformed her into? What would be the final product of her evolution? And what of her child, expected in nine months to be born into a world with no father and an unemployed, emotionally torn mother? She hadn't cried since she learned of Lewelyn's death, and even then it had been a good five minutes of weeping before she was able to restrain the flow of tears and force herself to be strong. But at this moment, stuck in a car en route to an unknown destination with the man who had inadvertently caused her husband's death, she felt the overwhelming need to unload a great surge of emotion that had been festering within her this entire time. She leaned back into the leather interior, allowing the tears to burst forth and run copiously down her cheeks. She couldn't stifle the loud weeps that emerged from her lungs, as she buried her face in her palms and began to rock back and forth slightly. He, meanwhile, remained unchanged, continuing to drive with unflinching resolve and no evident remorse. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Her eyes fluttered open to the violet flash of low twilight. She soon discovered that her heavy weeping had induced sleep, and she lifted her head from the cushion of the car door to survey her surroundings. Through blurry eyes she saw laid out before them an endless expanse of desert. She recognized it as the familiar route from the border of Texas into New Mexico, and she guessed they had more than likely already crossed state lines as in the far distance was the unmistakable outline of mesas and the Guadalupe mountains, a sure indication of New Mexican soil. \"Where're you takin' me?\" she queried groggily, making her best effort to sit straight in the seat. As had been the case since they set out, he made no physical acknowledgement of her or her question. His stiff face, as though it had been carved from rock, remained steadfastly still and with the same expression of an unyielding frustration or subtle anger, she had yet to decide which. His eyes stayed on the road before him, his hands in a contrastingly gentle, relaxed grip on the wheel. \"Carlsbad,\" he replied simply, his voice noticeably more husky from not having spoke for an extended period of time. \"There is a motel there where you'll be safe for the time being.\" Irritated, but once more at a loss of words, she leaned back into the seat with a forceful plop , crossing her arms over her chest and twisting the corner of her mouth to one side. \"Whadda you care if I'm safe er not,\" she grumbled, fixating on the scene from outside her car window. This time, however, he didn't answer her. ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ","Summary":" A/N: I expect this author's note to be fairly long-winded, but I'd appreciate my readers taking the"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"The Flip of a Coin","Author":"Lady Jekyll","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4258433","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Flip of a Coin Summery: NCFOM; post-film What is violence if it cannot destroy? The only enemy Anton Chigurh has to face now is the past. One-shot. A/n: I really need to stop watching Bergman's The Seventh Seal. Anyway, I digress. On with the show! He was stumbling down the dusty moonlit street. Anton Chigurh felt weak, disoriented and ill for the first time in years. How long had it been since he actually felt his body give up on him like this? God only knew. Cambodia, maybe. That time, he'd been lying on the ground in the jungle, writhing in pain and screaming for help as he tried to staunch the bullet wound to the side of his neck. He'd been the head of a combat medical team and had been shot down trying to help a civilian. Chigurh would have died then, hadn't Carson Wells saved his life. However, Anton Chigurh did die, in a way. The part of him that died was the humanity in him. All that was left now was El Lobo —The Wolf. With his soul gone to the Devil, he was purely an animal now. Violence incarnate. Can the Hand of Fate die, he thought. Can Death be physically destroyed? He groaned in pain and collapsed at the steps to the Basilica de Guadalupe. The church was unoccupied this late at night; not that it really mattered to Anton's fever-fuelled mind. The damned couldn't tread on hallowed ground. Flinching, Chigurh took out a hunting knife from his belt and set it on one of the steps. Pausing to ease the pain, he then dipped his good hand into his pocket and pulled out a quarter. \"Ah, so you see where this is headed then,\" said a smug voice Anton recognized. It was the voice of a dead man. Carson Wells, the man who had saved his life in Cambodia; the man Chigurh himself had killed, was perched leisurely several steps above him. \"Cuh—Carson—\" Anton sputtered. Wells smiled his cocky little grin. \"Buenos noches, Anton. I've got a bit of a proposition for you,\" he said, picking up the bloodstained quarter next to the knife. \"You have a choice. Heads means that you die here tonight. Tails means that, should you live, you will never kill again. Either way, friend-o—\" he paused and chuckled. \"You're screwed. Call it.\" \"Go to—Hell,\" Chigurh whispered. Wells' smile widened, but it went no deeper than his teeth. \"Oh I will,\" he said, \"but I am dragging you down with me. Even Old Scratch ain't afraid of you. You think yourself Death on you pale horse with Hell followin' at yer heels, but deep down… Deep down in that part of you that you claim don't exist anymore—you know that's not true. You're human and I'm here to remind you of it.\" He brushed Anton's hair back and examined the large scar on the side of his neck. Part of his left ear was gone as well. \"Surprised you didn't die on me then. Had I known what you would become, I would have killed you long ago.\" \"What's—stopping you?\" inquired Chigurh. \"I have no power to kill you, Anton. The dead can't hurt the living. Not in your world.\" \"My world?\" \"You're heart's still beating. If you still have one, I mean,\" barbed Wells. He smirked again at seeing Chigurh pale at being zinged. \"Tell me,\" he went on, \"are you afraid to die?\" \"Why would—that matter to you?\" \"Just curious,\" said Carson with a shrug. \"Wondering if I'm getting through to that fever-addled brain of yours. Are you going to play the game you so enjoy, Anton? I can't hold back the Reaper for long. Your name's on his list.\" \"What would save me?\" Anton asked. Wells' eyes glinted as if saying so the Wolf is afraid of something after all. \"You've got the one right tool,\" Carson said, placing the hunting knife into Chigurh's hand. \"As well as the source of the problem,\" he went on, untying the makeshift sling that supported Anton's badly broken arm. \"If you're the monster you've made yourself out to be, you can brake the chains Death's locking you in. Go on. Sever the ties Death is making. If you do, you will never kill again. Think on that for a second. What is violence if it cannot destroy? What will become of you? Heads or tails?\" At the exact moment Wells flipped the coin, Chigurh plunged the knife into his own throat. Carson smiled weakly and uncovered the coin balanced on his inner wrist. Death had called it. Heads had won. As ye are now, so once was I. And though ye look aghast at me, as am I now, so shall ye be. Death and the Traveller ","Summary":" The Flip of a Coin Summery: NCFOM; post-film What is violence if it cannot destroy? The only enemy "},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"You don't have to do this","Author":"apricot2516","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4673761","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \" You've got no cause to hurt me…\" Carla Jean sat at her vanity, gazing for a blink of an eye out the bedroom window as she faced the man responsible for the death of so many people, some innocent some not; some directly, others not. He had crept into her mother's old home while she had been attending the burial. Now he sat across from her in a chair, glancing at her when he looked up from a cup he had placed beside him. He traced the rim of it with his index finger, almost as though he was nervous. His female victim was not like the others. She tried to erase the past month's experiences and horrors she had endured stressing over where she could hide with her mother and safely dodge the bullet of lust for money. Closing her eyes for a moment to collect her thoughts before either of them spoken again, she imagined she was back in the trailer before all this began. She wondered what life would be like had her husband never found that case of tainted money. She pretended for just an instant that there was not in fact a mass murderer just a few feet from where she had once considered her safest and most adored place as a child. Her eyes darted open as she felt the thud of his footsteps, casting them upon his figure inching towards her. Never in her life had she been so terrified yet she tried to remain calm. He eyed her cautiously, knowing she would remain paralyzed with fear as he came closer to her and knelt before her so gentleman-like. She turned her head away slightly to avoid his harsh stare directly, but he gently placed a firm hand on her face to turn it back towards his piercing gaze. His cold eyes made her feel as thoug he could see into her very soul, as if he were the personification of evil itself. She returned the exchange of complexity between their eyes with confusion, helplessness, and fragility without a single tear or cry. He was astounded by her composure. He had expected a woman to throw herself at him, pleading for her life with whatever she could offer. But she was too pretty to beg. He was disgusted at the thought of her whoring herself to him for the sake of a bit longer in such a pitiful existence. She ought to thank him really. He was offering her the chance to escape loneliness and debt that would otherwise consume her. But since she had impressed him so with her strength and poise, he wondered if for once he could consider not being a man entirely of his word. He stroked his thumb gently over her cheek and felt her shudder slightly as his face inched towards hers. \"Don't….\" she croaked with more defiance than he expected. She didn't say please; it was more like a command, as if she were in any position to be telling him what to do. He could see the tears forming in her eyes. There it was. Finally the human element was evident in this woman. Her natural response was to cry. However, she would rather die than offer what other women wouldn't hesitate to give up in a life or death situation. This made him even more perplexed. \"If you're going to kill me….I'd… rather you just get it over with. You agreed to kill me, not take away my honor too,\" she said slowly, looking over his entire face, searching for some sign or hope. \"You want it to be quick then? Painless and to the point?\" he asked, burying his face in the crook of her neck. The warmth of his voice sent shivers down her spine. \"Ideally…yes…\" she whispered, arching her back as he placed a cold hand there. \"Do not think I will enjoy it,\" he continued as he slid his fingers along her waist. \"Then why do you have to do it?\" she asked softly, daring to lightly touch his cheek and hair. \"Because I am a man of my word. But….\" He trailed off momentarily, \" I never specified how…\" Her touch was making him lose his mind. She took a deep breath. There was no getting out of this juncture. Rationality would not save her at this point. She was victim to his whims of insanity, logic, or chance. He could not give in now, not when he had come too far to lose too much. She was too easy on the eyes, too beautiful in every light, too innocent, too perfect. He hated that he must fulfill this unpleasant task while on Earth. For the first time with any eventual conquest (kill), he felt remorse for the act he had yet to commit. With that thought, he abruptly stood up and sighed. She boldly stood up to be level with him. Carla's heart began to beat rapidly as she watched him retrieve the weapon from the corner. He turned steadily and she winced, expecting to be blown away, but instead felt the cold metal gently against her stomach. He was smiling and motioned for her to look down. In his other hand he held the bullets, proving the gun was not loaded and of no threat to her. He then laid the items on the bed beside them and looked at her peculiarly. \"So…what about this quick and painless method of yours?\" she asked hesitantly as he tucked a stray hair behind her ear and rested his hand cupped under her chin. \"You have to earn it.\" ","Summary":" \" You've got no cause to hurt me…\" Carla Jean sat at her vanity, gazing for a blink of an eye out"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"The Walk","Author":"theprototype21","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12448768","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Fuck\" The bullet holes across my pickup went in a sharp, diagonal line across the windshield, as I tried not to stare at my companion, Zachary, who's brains were splattered all over the dashboard. Dammit man, that poor fucking kid. He didn't deserve it, not him. The rounds had penetrated my body, and I could feel my blood flooding out of my abdomen at an exponential rate. The muzzle flashes, the loud pops, the lurch of the car as the shots rang out. The shooter was dead. I had put a .45 round straight through his cranium, causing his body to drop like a sack of flour. He was gone before the last breath escaped his lungs, and his sedan had smashed into my truck, as the momentum carried him into us. Or what was left of us. I forced the door open, and gripped my .45 tightly, as if it could save my life. I was a dead man, and I knew it. Someone or something would find me, or I would just lose all of my blood like a broken water bottle. As I shuffled across the open savannah, I watched the sun slowly slip to the horizon. The sky was full of vivid, beautiful colors and wisps of clouds decorated the descending day star. Ironic huh? This stunning scenery while I coughed up blood and watched my existence escape through a bullet hole in me. I kept dragging myself along the endless field, watching the beautiful sun, the endless grass; the life, it was calling me, calling me so loudly I couldn't feel my pain. Couldn't feel the weight of the heavy pistol in my hand. Couldn't hear the pack of wild dogs running towards me. Couldn't react as they all pounced upon me and tore me apart. Couldn't feel that I was already dead ","Summary":" \"Fuck\" The bullet holes across my pickup went in a sharp, diagonal line across the windshield, as"},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"No country for old men","Author":"bscethan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6803364","Passage":"[Chapter 1] After surviving a brutal car crash, Anton walked away with a fractured arm and minor head injuries. Two young boys approached him as he sat on the curb. 'Are you alright?' Asked one of the boys while the other interrupted 'I think your arm is broken!' ' Look, here is one hundred dollars, you can have it as along as I can have your shirt and you never mention me ever again' Both of the boys looked at each other and shook their heads in agreement. While one boy took off his shirt the other grabbed the money and shoved it in his pocket. They then both rode off, not looking back and not even thinking about the mysterious man that just handed them $100. The sound of bellowing police car sirens filled the air as Anton got to his feet. In pain and panicked he made his way in a northerly direction as fast as he could. 3 long and tiring hours had past since Anton had survived a horrific car crash. Confused and delusional he stopped to try and get an idea of where he was. He started to notice that there were very few houses and a giant, bright sign saying 'PHARMACY' 'There should be some things that I can use in here' He thought to himself. Unfortunately both front and back doors were both locked, so the only way to get was by climbing the trellis to the second floor. Before attempting to climb the trellis he noticed an open window and a light that was on. 'Oh great here we go again' As he reached the window he poked his head in to see if anyone was around. As he entered the window, he saw a young man sitting at a desk directly in front of him. Looking for something to strike the man with, he came across a rather heavy piece of aluminium pipe. 'Ah, this will do just fine.' He mumbled under his breath. But as he grabbed the pipe his fingers slip and the pipe hit the floor. The man at the desk was so alarmed he jumped to his feet and grabbed a small knife from the top shelf of his desk. 'Who is there?' He screamed in total fear. Meanwhile Anton had snuck around and smashed the mans head with the pipe. The man fell to the ground not even noticing the impact of the ground with his head. Blood slowly dripped out from his head. But Anton didn't stop there, he kept brutally striking the mans head. Blood was now covering the floor, Anton and the dead body were now surrounded by a pool of blood. Anton threw the pole to the ground and started walking toward the stairs, not even realising what he had just done. 'There must be some kind of medicine cabinet around here.' He again muttered to himself. When he reached downstairs, he searched through the shelfs of a nicely varnished cabinet and found some strong pain killers, some proper bandages. He then sat on the forth stair, unwrapped his crippled hand from the now bloody shirt and rewrapped it with the new bandages. Trying to figure out his next move, thought he should sleep and rest. He ripped part of a curtain of and folded it into a pillow, then grabbed a fire blanket to keep him warm. Anton was fast sleep when the sound of police sirens suddenly filled the room along with the alternate blue and red flashing lights. For the first time in 5 years, Anton was filled with fear. 'BOOM!' The upstairs window had just been kicked in. Anton analysed the room in search of some kind of weapon. He then noticed a knife behind the counter. 'Bingo!' Footsteps then crept down the staircase. Anton was now ready. The first of the SWAT team stepped past Anton.' ARGH!' He grabbed the policeman from behind and slit his neck. Blood sprayed the other 4 officer. He then grabbed a handgun from its holster on his human shield and shot frantically at the other officers. 'BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG, BANG.' The whole swat team was now dead. Then suddenly some kind of grenade came bursting through the window. 'Shit!' Anton leaped across the room but unfortunately not far enough. A strong beam of light completely filled the room as policeman kicked down the front door. After hearing the door being broken Anton sprayed the remained of the magazine until officers then opened fire on him. ","Summary":" After surviving a brutal car crash, Anton walked away with a fractured arm and minor head injuries."},{"Movie":"No Country for Old Men","Title":"Ironic Laconic","Author":"platonicplatypus","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5951350","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Her meeting with Anton Chigurh was seemingly coincidental. But as fate would have it, their paths were destined to intertwine. Who knew the inevitable could all be the luck of a coin toss? Velvet darkness encased the room the moment he passed through the threshold. His face was void of emotion, only his eyes seemed wild with excitement, the thrill of death evident. She knew this now just as she'd known it then. It'd been two whole years since he'd trudged into her life, and she'd be damned if he thought he'd be set loose with mere scratches this time. His name? Anton Chigurh. His crime? The brutal murder of at least a dozen supposed innocent victims. She'd guessed that half, perhaps more, weren't all that innocent. Figured they were the kind of drug dealing scoundrels that ran rampant through West Texas. There'd been talk of a man named Llewelyn Moss, who'd just been \"caught up in a bad situation,\" as the papers more or less put it. She had no affiliation with him, so it was brushed aside as merely irrelevant information. When she'd first laid eyes on him, she thought he looked harmless. A bit out of the ordinary, but benign, nonetheless. It wouldn't be until months passed that she'd uncover the real Chigurh, the dreaded horror that came with his name. She figured what had initially drawn her to him was, in fact, his strangeness. They were both loners, both vagabonds of sorts. She, however, longed for companionship. And that's why she flocked to him like a moth, curious and hopeful of the newfound partnership. He seemed unenthused by her offers, though. Seeing her as a nuisance, he half-heartedly wanted to do her in. But he saw no personal gain, nothing he could walk away with. So he let her pass, figuring her persistence would let up and he would be free to roam alone once more. They'd begun traveling together, lending a hand when needed. They scrounged money together for food and motel rooms, usually having to share. This inevitably forced them to become comfortable with each other, since both refused to sleep in jeans and other clothing that restrained movement. A month, perhaps two, passed by like vapor from a tea kettle. It was a hot, muggy Tuesday afternoon when she'd caught wind of the accusations pointed at him. When confronted, he denied any trace of the crimes. But she couldn't be fooled so easily. She was past naivety, past the childhood adolescence of flim-flam. She wanted the raw truth. That's what she'd said only hours later as she made her decision and grabbed for her pistol. She'd done it. Alison-Jo Foxx had single-handedly captured the wretched Anton Chigurh. The man described only as having no sense of humor, which she'd found wasn't entirely true, and was supposedly as deadly as the Bubonic Plague. As he saw his death playing out before him, a smirk nudged its way across his lips. She fired. And then watched as he staggered, tumbling to the floor, two bullets placed securely in his thigh. She ultimately missed where she'd been aiming, as she'd closed her eyes, but it was enough. Enough to gather her things and make a run for it. She'd never questioned why he'd plastered that grin upon his visage. That was at the bottom of her list at the time. If only she'd known that it would be this lone aspect plaguing her thoughts day in and day out, would she have paused a moment to ask that simple question. \"Why the smug expression?\" It's extraordinary how two years can change a human being. How it matures the physicality, as well as the mentality. How the rambunctious emotions of youth can so easily be replaced by ones of a fiery, almost soulless body. A core that is left to wizen and decay, turning back to the dust from which it came. That was how she felt right about now, anyway. Her youthful appearance was heavily outweighed by her pessimistic mentality. She'd had enough of peoples' whining, pathetic displays of optimism and compassion. She saw her fate as her own to determine. Sensing her body stiffen at his entry caused him to chuckle, shaking his head as he walked around to face her. She'd definitely grown up since their last encounter. The weathered creases in her hands, even her rosey cheeks, were proof that the world had begun its siege. She was a work in progress, and the world would not be finished with her until she'd drawn her last breath upon it. Eyes slowly shifting up to lock with his, she found herself overcome with an alien urge. She wanted to run. For the first time in years, fear coursed through her, pumping adrenaline throughout every inch of her being. So this was what experiencing true fear felt like. She didn't like it, that much she knew. It was hot and thumping, suffocating her with every beat. The spasms of heat burning her skin jolted her, making a cold sweat break out across her brow. This was ludicrous. She couldn't sum up any sort of explanation. Whatever it was, she needed to control it, for fear of caving, fear of breaking all that she'd built up over the years. This is not how she would go down. Not this way. She would not surrender. \"Why've you come,\" she choked a sad attempt at sounding defiant. \"Is this your 'revenge' hunt?\" \"You don't think I'd harm an old friend.\" He sat on the vacant bed, upright and in charge. His mockery was fueling a steady flame inside her. All it would take was a few more smart remarks for it to explode. Casually reaching into his pants pocket, he retrieved an unknown object. It didn't occur to her what it was until he'd tossed it into the air, caught it, and set it on his knee, his palm concealing it. She knew what this ultimately meant. \"Call it,\" he calmly breathed, pausing a moment before meeting her gaze. She shook her head in disagreement. She wouldn't cave, not even for a former friend. \"Call it,\" his voice repeated the command. \"No, why should I,\" she protested. \"Is this your own kind of sick game? Your twisted, masochistic illusion of justice?\" \"And what would you call your form of justice two years ago.\" The harsh words would have cut through her, if only she wasn't numb. Suddenly, it hit her. It was like a cascade of bricks tumbling over her, crushing into her skull. She'd become just like him. Cold, violent, void of emotion. And worst of all, a sick mind with a demented view on justice and reality. Not wanting to listen further, she turned, making for the door. But he called out to her, commanding her to stop. He spoke his request one last time in hopes of getting a response. \"Call it.\" Sighing in defeat, she let her lips curve into a faint smile. Fate was hers to choose. \"Alright, you win.\" She let her eyes close and made the call. \"Heads.\" After a prolonged moment of silence, she heard him stand from the bed as he began to speak. \"Why the smug expression?\" She made to turn, to possibly answer, but only made it so far, for a lone bullet passed through her side, wedging deep. A weak cry escaped her as she plummeted to the floor, not having time to even grasp the wound. Blood seeped through her shirt, staining the cheap carpet of the motel room. Chigurh nonchalantly readjusted his rifle, cautiously stepped passed the creeping liquid, and let the previous \"tails\" coin drop to the floor. Coolly exiting the room, he never noticed the obvious change of the coin's decision. ","Summary":" Her meeting with Anton Chigurh was seemingly coincidental. But as fate would have it, their paths w"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Serendipity","Author":"Paige Elise Hale","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13155597","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Serendipity I do not own Dunkirk in any way. A/N - Kinda, but not really inspired by \"Nancy Mulligan\" by Ed Sheeran Alex entered the pub and walked up to his friends. It was his last night of freedom before shipping out to Dunkirk. \"Oi, Alex. Check out that doll at the bar\", one of his friends said. Alex looked over and saw a beautiful girl. \"Go and talk to her\". \"No\", Alex said, \"I'm here to hang out with you guys\". \"Come on. You ship out in the morning. What have you got to lose?\" Alex stood up and walked over to her. \"Hey there\", he said. The girl smiled. \"Can I buy you a drink?\" \"Yeah. Gin and tonic\". Alex turned to the bartender and said, \"Can I get a gin and tonic and a whiskey?\" The bartender nodded. \"So what's your name?\" Alex asked, \"I'm Alex\". \"Violet\". \"And what do you do, Violet?\" \"I'm a nurse. I work on the soldier's ward\". \"Soldier's ward. It just so happens that I'm a soldier\", he said, giving her a cocky smile. \"Oh really?\" \"Yeah. I ship out to Dunkirk in the morning. Did you wanna see my papers?\" \"No, I believe you. Almost everyone I know is in the army now thanks to the draft\". The bartender handed them their drinks and they walked over to a booth to talk more privately. \"Did you want to join the army?\" Violet asked. Alex shook his head and took a drink of his whiskey. \"But none of us had a choice\", he said quietly, \"What made you wanna be a nurse?\" \"Well I like helping people and they needed nurses\". \"I should be happy about serving my country, but I can't help but be terrified. What if I die?\" \"Oh Alex\", Violet said rubbing his arm, \"You can't think like that\". They talked about everything they could think about until the bar closed down. \"Goodbye Violet. Maybe I'll see you again\". \"Me too. Goodbye Alex\". Alex never thought he'd be back in the thick of war after what he experienced at Dunkirk. This was ten times worse. He almost wished he could go back and relive Dunkirk compared to this. One minute he was in the trenches with his fellow soldiers, the next a grenade was going off next to him. He got up, despite the pain in his head and the ringing in his ears. He climbed out of the trench, running for the next one. There was a gunshot and searing pain in his leg. Alex dropped to the ground, yelling in agony. \"Help!\" he screamed. Alex didn't know how long he laid there. The last thing he remembered was hands grabbing him, but whether they were allies or German's he didn't know. Violet gasped when they brought him in. She almost didn't recognize him covered in blood and mud. \"What's the damage?\" Violet asked the head nurse. \"Head trauma and there's a gunshot to the leg\", she said. \"Alex, Alex, can you hear me?\" Her voice was frantic. All she wanted was for him to open those green eyes of his. \"Get her out of here!\" the doctor yelled. \"No! Please let me tend to him! Please!\" she begged. \"Fine. Molly, keep an eyes on her\", the doctor said. \"Vi, I need you to help me cut his pant leg to get to the wound\", Molly said. Violet grabbed a pair of scissors and they cut away his pant leg. The gunshot was right below the kneecap. \"Hold his leg down. I need to pull the bullet out before we stitch it up\", Molly said. Violet leaned forward and placed all her weight on Alex's leg. Molly grabbed a pair of tweezers and went to work pulling the bullet out. Alex's eyes shot open and he screamed. \"Hold him down!\" Molly yelled at Violet. \"Alex, Alex, calm down\", Violet told him. \"Violet?\" he asked. Violet moved so Alex could see her. \"Oh my god, it's you\", he said. \"Keep him talking\", Molly told her. Violet pushed the hair away from his eyes and said, \"It's me\". \"I thought I'd never see you again\". \"I heard about Dunkirk, but I didn't know if you survived. I thought maybe you had died\". \"I was trying to get home to you. I didn't know how I would find you when I got back to London, but I'm so glad you're here\". Violet's eyes filled with tears as she leaned down and pressed her lips to his. ","Summary":" Serendipity I do not own Dunkirk in any way. A/N - Kinda, but not really inspired by \"Nancy Mullig"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"hold on to your heart","Author":"takingoffmyshoes","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12930580","Passage":"[Chapter 1] and the air was full of various storms and saints praying in the streets as the banks begin to break The water is all that's left of the world, of him. Vast, boundless, powerful, eternal. It's all he sees, all he knows – it's in his blood now, and his heart beats in time to the waves lapping at the rusting metal beneath him. The land is churned to ruin and mud under marching feet, but the water swallows ships and men and aeroplanes without a trace, her surface undisturbed by the grief she holds within. She takes every damage, keeps every secret, and drowns man and monster alike without guilt or regret, and her beauty is the darkness and the promise of her depths. Is it any wonder then, that huddled on the hull of an overturned wreck, abandoned by the god he'd yelled to until his throat was raw, he begins to pray to the sea? but you took your toll on me so I gave myself over willingly When the boat comes for him, it's not rescue. It's not salvation. It's not any of that, because in the hours of waiting and thirsting and hoping, hope that clawed at his chest, furious and violent and angry, he'd realised that there's only one way for this to end. This is a delay. But stranded in the midst of a new god, screams and shouts still ringing in his ears, he's only too willing to take the offered rope. I don't know how I don't just stand outside and scream The boy is dead. The boy he'd pushed, the one who'd sprawled on the ground at the base of the ladder with blood in his hair and the one who was too young too young, too soft, too— But weren't they all too soft? Were any of them really ready for this, truly prepared, truly strong enough? So many had died, so many good men, good boys, too young to fight or too old, eyes too empty or too full of horrors and how, how had he held on so long? How had he told them to wait in the water, to trust – to trust – that they would be rescued when he knew, he knew that they would be— Why, why did he fight it? Why did he harden his heart, his mind, his soul against it? Why didn't he let himself be broken, snapped in half with the force of the terror's he'd seen, and let the horror escape him in long, drawn-out screams and single well-placed shot? Why did he— Why didn't he— He's breaking now, tremors tearing him apart and guilt rising in his throat to choke him, and each breath is excruciating and his skin is crawling with terrible awareness that he cannot bear to be in this body for another moment but there's no way out of it. He's sitting on wet, soft wood and the same is pressing against his back, damp soaking into his trousers and through his blanket and he's so, so cold and he can't stop shaking. From all around comes the sound of water, and longing joins the pain. Soon, he promises desperately. Soon. I know it seems like forever, I know it seems like an age, but one day this will be over – I swear it's not so far away The man – the father of the boy who survived Dunkirk, who survived him – lets him stay with them. He had another son, once, one who didn't survive the war, so there's an extra room in the house. The ceiling slopes down to the dormer windows that stare, unblinking, into the vast grey expanse of the sea. He sits on the bed, a quilt hand-made for someone else clutched around his shoulders, and watches, and waits. The man, Dawson, brings food up to him but otherwise leaves him alone, doesn't shout at him for opening the window or curse him for being a coward. He just brings in trays with tea and soup and sandwiches and sets them on the bare wooden table next to the door. \"Try to eat something,\" he says. \"It doesn't do to waste food, you know.\" But today when he comes in, he sits on the bed next to him, not touching, but close. \"It'll get better,\" he says after long minutes. \"You'll learn to live with it, and you'll find yourself again.\" He doesn't say anything in return, and eventually Dawson leaves. Outside, the ocean taunts him, entices him, whispers to him; even now, he can feel the motion of the waves under and around him. He's been on land for weeks and still the water rocks him to sleep. If you could just forgive yourself— It's cold. It's always cold, the wind coming off the channel, but today it bites and scours, leaves his skin raw as he lets his coat fall from his shoulders and steps out of his boots. He leaves them above the tide line – they're gifts, after all, not his to keep – and picks his way down towards the water in his stockinged feet. The water is steely today, and cuts like it when he wades in. It pulls him in, a step at a time, rising higher and higher around his legs and then his waist and then his chest. He looks up at the sky, so bright even through the clouds. He takes a breath, eyes still fixed on the light, and falls. And the water, the water finally takes him in and makes him her own. I wrote this back in December as part of a \"short story celebration\" that marked the third birthday of takingoffmyshoes fanfic. As a thank-you to everyone who'd supported me and encouraged me, I spent two weeks taking writing requests on tumblr, and then posted the finished stories first to tumblr, and then to my AO3 account in February. I initially wasn't going to post them here, but then I thought why not? You guys have been just as kind and encouraging here, and I'll make sure to open up requests on this site as well when December rolls around again. I normally avoid song-fics, but I figure that if an exception were ever to be made, it should be for Florence + The Machine, and \"Various Storms and Saints\" is particularly heart-wrenching. As always, thank you for reading! Any feedback you'd like to leave is welcomed and appreciated. ","Summary":" and the air was full of various storms and saints praying in the streets as the banks begin to brea"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Fit to Fly","Author":"cuter-than-a-guinea-pig","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12680217","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sun was out again, bright and warm. It had been out for what seemed like two weeks straight at this point. He was beginning to miss the rain. Only a Scott would describe Dover as an overly sunny place. They were outside today though so Collins decided it was best the rain hold off. It was one thing to be running through the muddy back country fields during the rain, crawling through the shrub, climbing over garden walls. He had enjoyed that part of basic training. The low drum of the rain drowned out all thought, about the blister on his heel, or the ache in his shoulder, or how the bond of brotherhood seemed to once again be alluding him. All that was left was pounding of his feet in time to the heavy drops. It had been a taste of war, a taste of misery and survival. They weren't running today though. Three days into flight school, they were suited and lined up on the Dover airfield. Some of the others were eyeing the Spitfire parked outside of the hanger on their left. Collins' attention was drawn downwards however, to the small packs at their feet. The heavy fall of flight boots echoed on the pavement behind them and like a machine, the boys straightened at attention, head up, feet together, back straight. \"At ease soldier,\" the voice called from behind, its owner still sounding several yards away by the way it echoed across the empty runways and off the tin hangers and barracks that surrounded them. Shoulders fell, stances widened. \"Now,\" the voice continued, closer now but not yet in view. It surprised Collins. No salute, no introduction. \"Before you fly, you need to learn how to fall. Or rather, how to not fall. Be it clear lads. You will be shot at. You will be hit. Your trusted bird will twist out of the air and plummet to the ground below in smoke and flame. You will be strapped to her and she will hold tight. Because lads she was built to hold you, to cradle you and shield you in her bosom and that's all she knows, and she will go to her grave doing so. But after today, you will know more. You will know that she is only a piece of tin and there are a thousand more of her waiting for you back home in a hanger. After today,\" he said, finally coming into view as Collins turned his head to the left. He wasn't particularly tall, but his shoulders were broad. He walked with more of an ease than a strength, his stride long but unhurried, his shoulders relaxed, his head down looking over the pack he carried with him. \"You will know how to eject yourself form your doomed plane and how to safely deploy your shoot to soften your landing.\" He nodded to the packs at their feet, identical to the one he carried. \"Any questions?\" He looked up then for the first time waiting for an answer but met instead with silence. Collins wasn't surprised by this. He himself was a little too bemused by the speech and the vivid images it had created to question anything other than if he was disturbed or not. \"Just to be clear, this is a class. It's not an exam. It's not a drill. Ask questions. Get clarification. Don't fumble your way through just to be through. Walk away from today knowing how to survive a hit. Your life depends on it. Your family depends on it. Your country depends on it.\" Again, silence. Seemingly satisfied though, he tossed his parachute pack to the ground at his feet. \"Alright, let's start.\" He sat down behind the pack, throwing his legs out wide on either side of it, not unlike how a toddler playing with toy blocks would sit. \"Sit, sit,\" he beckoned. They all followed orders and continued to mirror the officer's actions as he examined the pack. \"Now just because you don't have to fold the shoot doesn't mean you're entirely off the hook. You need to inspect it when you take it from the heap. Make sure there are no holes in the bag, that the ropes haven't frayed. Make sure the straps haven't frayed, and that all the buckles are present and secure. These two buckles keep you attached to the shoot. They need to be strong enough to hold when your shoot inflates and catches you, slowing you from 200 to 30 kilometers per hour in seconds. Some pencil pusher can do the maths there but its a lot of force boys,\" he said giving the strap attached to the dangling buckle a few tugs. \"Check the pull cord. Check that it's still secured properly, that it's there. These packs get trucked back and forth to different airfields, they get moved around within the fields as new barracks are built. They go on many missions and return undeployed but maybe a little roughed up. Make sure you don't strap into the one that's been roughed up a little too much. Good?\" \"Yes sir,\" someone down the line said. The officer glanced at the soldier, squinting under the sun, and a smile quirked on his face. It was as if the absurdity of the situation was hitting him. The way he was seated, the way all the young men before him were hanging on his every word despite it. He looked human. None of the officers in basic had looked human. They looked like military machines, full of fury and tactic, with no time for fear or grief. He was different though. He looked back at them and saw faces, saw people, saw comrades he'd be sharing the skies with. Maybe it shouldn't have been, but Collins found that comforting. Maybe he'd be smarter wanting to join the cogs in the unstoppable, infallibility that was the machine of war but he didn't. He'd rather learn from and fly beside a real human being and sitting on the tarmac in front of one now brought a smile to his own face. The officer caught his eye then and Collins looked away quickly to avoid being singled out for any reason. Head down, blend in. It was always the best strategy. \"Alright, on your feet. Let's see how these things buckle in, shall we.\" They all clambered upright, packs in hand. \"Genius behind these little things is that they double as a seat cushion. I'll tell you lot one thing.\" He stepped closer to where they were lined up as if were about to divulge a secrete. \"Ol' Georgy boy has done good by us. The Spitfires,\" he said turning to admire the aircraft, \"are things of beauty.\" He paced slowly down the line as he spoke. \"The purr of their engine is sweet nothings in your ear, like the song of an angel.\" He was doing it again, romanticizing the planes as if they were women. It was certainly odd and the novelty had worn off for some who begun to look down at their shoes or off towards the barracks. On the contrary, Collins found himself more invested. It was one of those weird little human quirks. It defied the command and control and the might that was trying to take away all their humanity and turn them into nothing but weapons to be unleashed on the enemy, cold, bleak grey. If you wanted to make it out the other side with your humanity in tack, you had to have it on your way in too. At least that was Collins' theory, the theory of a young man yet to take gunfire or fire on someone else, yet to see friends fall from the skies. Maybe after it was all over his theory would change but right now he allowed himself to take comfort in the in the officer's musings. \"You can hear it, you can feel it vibrate through you because the things are stripped to the bone. Can make for a rough ride but these help immensely. It's also painfully obvious if you've forgotten it. Now seeing as they become seat cushions, where are we strapping them in?\" He had stopped in front of Collins and directed the question to him. \"Your arse, Sir,\" Collins mustered caught off guard by the address, the contents of the answer, and the deep blue of the officer's eyes now visible up close. \"No. Your arse.\" He grinned and gave him a wink. It was all wrong now. Wrong in a way that it probably should have felt from the beginning but miraculously hadn't. Collins frowned at the idea. His jaw clenched, his back teeth grinding together. He consciously opened his mouth a bit, licked his chapped lips. Another headache on top of the unease shaking through his body was the last thing he needed. Headaches had become his stasis since he'd returned from Dunkirk. He told his superiors that it had something to do with the crash. Water had a way of becoming a solid, a brick wall, when a plane plummeted to it's surface. It wasn't a lie. It was simply an omission of the lack of sleep and tension he built behind his eyes as bit down hard on his teeth or the inside or his cheek to stop the tears. Sometimes he couldn't stop them but even that left him with a dull throb in his temples. He wasn't entirely sure why he was crying, a notion that added to the stress of the situation. He was a pilot, a fighter pilot. Everyone is His Majesties military knew that fighter pilots signed up for one thing: death, to be shot out of the air and plummet to the hostile ground below. But it was as if that reality had only become so since Dunkirk. He had flown missions before the evacuation, across the channel, over the front lines that had once existed on the continent. He had watched fellow airmen shot out of the sky beside him, watched their planes bank and twist and fall until only the smoke trail was left. Not one of them had deployed a shoot. The fifteen-pound bag strapped beneath his buttocks was a placebo designed to look like a safety net so you would steer into the line of fire, so you wouldn't tie your fate to that of your plane. It could take the fire, it could stall and break apart, explode mid air but you could float safely down and jump into another plane, hot off the factory floor the next day. Their deaths had never bothered him before. But before he had always had Farrier. The formation would break, planes, German and British alike, scattered everywhere, gun fire cutting through the sky from all directions, smoke, flames, dark clouds that left you blind, hit calls, complete chaos. Somewhere amidst it all though the steady, deep, assured voice would hum in his ear and order would be restored. The remaining squadron would line up again, they would hit their target, and they would pull up, one, two, three, in perfect rhythm, bank north, then west, and fly back to the small French air strip in country side north of Paris where the RAF had set up base. They would land and Farrier would light a cigarette and they would sit on the stone wall that enclosed the air field and pass it back and forth. There had been moments when the Tabaco smoke drifting upwards from the glowing butt had begun to look too similar to a Spitfire in a tail spin hundreds of feet below him. His eyes would start to cross, fixate on the fire, the destruction, the horror of being trapped within it all, suffocating. But Farrier had been there then, to lean a little closer, to take the cigarette from his hands and his lips, to take away the smoke and the fire. His lungs filled again, his heart slowed, and his eyes relaxed and meandered once more across the grassy hills that surrounded the airfield and the old cottages that stood amongst them. \"Fit to fly,\" Farrier would ask after stamping out the fading embers on the wall. \"Yes, Sir,\" he would answer, earning himself that bemused grin and a head shake before Farrier stood, tucked his hands into his pant pockets and lead them back to the makeshift barracks. But now he was no longer sure. Collins stood on the runway, starring unfocused at the planes lined up before him. His eyes hovered on the empty space Farrier used fill, standing by the propeller, hand resting on its blade, watching the engineers perform the last checks. The other pilots passed him and his feet followed. They were unsure in their step. Some short, some long. The parachute pack bounced awkwardly against the back of his thighs. It felt more like a slap in the face. He made it up, into the air. He fell into formation. He was becoming one of their cogs, able to keep turning their war machine no matter what. He hated it. He hated everything now. It was all wrong. Soon they were out over the Channel, patrolling, reaffirming the new front line. The continent was lost, and Farrier to it. They wouldn't fly far enough south to even see the French coast, not even Calais. Flying over the water wasn't as calming as it used to be, when he could listen Farriers voice in his ear see his eyes in the vast blue that was deep and rich and all encompassing. He would let his body sink into his seat, allow himself to be cradled. The way Farrier had always talked about. Now he feels every jolt and the engine is too loud. It's a cruel reminder of the silence of Farrier's final pass over the beach. Betrayed by his beloved. Stranded. Alone. As other pilots radioed through, he prayed for static. Absence was better than a replacement. The water below looked grey, cold, muddied by the bodies and ships it had swallowed. He had almost been one of them, drowned in the gentle lapping. In many ways, it felt like he was. ","Summary":" The sun was out again, bright and warm. It had been out for what seemed like two weeks straight at "},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"The Gunner","Author":"90TheGeneral09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12630636","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Gunner Despite the overcast skies, the blankets of gray cloud that occasionally closed up and blocked out the sun's rays almost completely, the orders came rolling in, again and again, incessant and impossible to refuse. They all amounted to the same thing, regardless of what exactly they said. Attack. German fighting prowess had rolled the British and French back across France. City after city, town after town, mile after mile, the enemy had yielded again and again to the supreme excellence of the German soldier, the German aviator, and the German sailor. German arms had been enough to beat the enemy back to this point. And now, German leadership had devised a plan for how to finish him. Reichsmarschall Hermann Göring had convinced the Führer himself to halt the tanks. Rather than risk wasting such precious vehicles at the end of a campaign, the Reichsmarschall had convinced Hitler to allow the Luftwaffe to secure victory, and destroy the enemy forces from the air. Determined to keep his word, the Reichsmarschall had the Luftwaffe high command pressing its units in France to attack, attack, attack. It was an exciting and an exhausting time to be a German aviator. Hans, sitting in the rear of his brother's Junkers Ju-87B, clutched the pistol grip of the MG-15 he was trained and tasked to defend the aircraft with. The Sturzkampfflugzeug, or \"Stuka\", was a dive-bomber, the best in the entire world, and his brother, Dieter, was a brilliant pilot. He wasn't scared. But… He was scared. The thing was, Dieter said fear was natural. Going to war, getting into an aircraft headed into battle, waiting for the moment when that aircraft would roll over and go into a dive as steep as ninety degrees, plummeting toward the earth from thousands of meters up at nearly six hundred kilometers per hour… all of that, Dieter said, was supposed to produce fear. If none of it did, Dieter had told his younger brother, you were probably crazy. \"Do you ever get afraid?\" Hans had asked. \"When you go on a mission, do you ever get afraid?\" \"Yes,\" Dieter had answered. \"Every time.\" But Hans didn't see how that was possible. His brother, a hauptmann in the Luftwaffe- a \"captain,\" the English would have said- was in command of four of the twelve machines operated by III Squadron of Sturzkampfgeschwader 77. He was already being considered for promotion to major, and held the Knight's Cross of the Iron Cross for gallantry. In Spain, during the civil war there, Dieter had flown a Stuka with the famed \"Condor Legion,\" helping Franco's forces secure victory. From there Poland, Norway, the Low Countries, France. Dieter had flown dozens upon dozens of missions, and was an expert on the inside and outside of the Junkers 87 dive-bomber. There was nothing Hans had been able to come up with, or seen anyone else come up with, that Dieter did not know about the aircraft or how to make it do what he wanted in combat. Reading his brother's letters, hearing his stories, and now, riding with him into battle and blasting away with a machine gun at those few fighters who were daring and foolish enough to attack, Hans was convinced: his brother knew no fear. He handled anything that came up with supreme coolness and courage, even when the Stuka took damage from enemy fire, as had happened a few times. Taking off, landing, diving, climbing, going on strafing runs and improvising as he went after targets of opportunity… there was simply no other way to put it. Dieter was a genius in the field. How? How could someone like that- so utterly defiant, even contemptuous , of anything that dared stand in his and the mighty Stuka's way- ever be afraid? It was modesty. It had to be. The better Dieter got at something, the more he seemed to downplay it. The more he was decorated for supreme skill, daring and bravery in battle, for merit and for loyal service, the more he insisted it wasn't him that deserved the praise, but others. His gunner, his fellow pilots, his ground crew. Anyone but him. Given such behavior, Hans was certain Dieter had vanquished his own fear long ago, and was simply determined to not make any big fuss about it. That was his way. XX \"Hans!\" The voice of his elder brother made the seventeen-year-old jump in his seat. \"Yes?\" Hans asked in reply, hoping his voice sounded level. \"We're just a few minutes out from Dunkirk. The English and French will be spread out over the beaches. Was there something you wanted me to hit just for you, or shall I pick?\" Hans couldn't help but grin. As the boss of this flight of four Stukas and one of the most respected men in the squadron, Dieter had no reason to pay any attention to his kid brother. Not at any time, and especially not now. Dieter had his orders, but Hans felt amused and honored that Dieter was letting him feel like he had a say in the process. \"A ship would be nice.\" Up front, Dieter laughed. \"Funny. You and the big-shots all want the same thing. Every English ship out there, straight to the bottom.\" \"If even one gets away, I'll write to Reichsmarschall Göring.\" \"And tell him what, dearest brother?\" \"That you are incompetent and obviously want to fly for the French, of course.\" \"I think I would rather become a communist.\" Dieter gave his sharp, barking laugh again, and then shifted in the pilot's seat. \"You're funny, Hansi. When we land-\" BOOM! BOOM! Twin puffs of black smoke exploded into life off to the side, close- too close- to the starboard wing, cutting Dieter off. He promptly settled in on the controls, and said tersely over the radio to the other three planes, \"Get ready. This is it. Spread out and pick the best targets of opportunity. Ships get first priority, second is men on the beach.\" The plane shook again as flak burst near them, and Hans fought back a word his mother had never taught him. Dieter just flew the plane. The big V12 engine kept on going, strong and steady. As they flew out over the battlefield, Hans dared to crane his neck and take a look. There were men down there- hundreds, no, thousands! How could the Luftwaffe have enough bombs and bullets to handle them all? \"Ship,\" one of the other pilots, Gunther, said over the radio. \"By the mole. Looks like it's loading on troops.\" \"I see it,\" Dieter said, banking the Stuka and altering course. \"It's mine.\" Only the occasional flak shell was coming up to meet them now. Whoever was down there firing at them probably didn't have a whole lot of ammunition. Nonetheless, Hans was afraid. His heart was racing, going faster than he would have thought possible. He could see the white ship by the mole, the long, pier-like structure going out toward the water from the beach. The dive was coming. It wasn't going to be long now. The ship… it had red crosses on it. Red crosses, yet the thing was being used to load troops. All the reconnaissance flights said so. The English were bringing in hospital ships and using them to evacuate able-bodied men. The damned nerve of those people! Hans could not believe it. Germans did not engage in such treachery. They played fair, but the English and the French did not want to. So StG-77 was given orders to play some tricks right back. They were going to hit every single ship within sight of this beach. To hell with what it looked like. If it was involved in this evacuation, it was moving enemy troops- men who would only come back to kill more good Germans later if they were allowed to get away now. If the German fighting man hesitated, if he let his desire to be compassionate get the better of him, the enemy would get away. Dieter was not about to fall into that kind of trap. Hans knew his brother was as hard as Krupp steel, inside and out. He didn't enjoy bombing or killing, but when something tough needed doing, Dieter did it and never looked back. \"Targeting troops on the beach,\" Lukas, another pilot in the flight, said. \"Hitting the ship at the mole. After you, Hauptmann,\" Gunther called out. \"Troops on the beach,\" Martin indicated. \"Understood, all,\" Dieter replied. \"As soon as the target's beneath your feet, dive.\" For the lead Stuka in this flight, for the one that Hans was riding in, that was no longer minutes away. It was down to seconds. The fact that Hans could no longer catch even a glimpse of their target meant they had to be right over it. Sure enough, Dieter called out, \"Diving,\" and in moments Gunther, Lukas and Martin all echoed him. Hans felt his stomach lurch, and clutched onto the MG-15 with both hands as the Ju-87 rolled completely over. Oh, shit… it was happening again. Terrifying and exhilarating in equal extremes, the Stuka was going into a dive. Briefly, the world turned upside down, and Hans wondered how anything in the world could even compare to this. He had volunteered for this job, and a lucky thing, too- had Mother and Father let him go any later, he would surely have still been in training when the Battle of France ended and the war was over. Instead, here he was, able to watch first-hand as his brother destroyed what was left of the enemy army. When the world righted itself again, the Junkers was diving, nose pointed nearly straight down at the land and sea below. After just a second or two, over the rushing wind and the roar of the engine, Hans could hear it. \"Jericho's Trumpets,\" they called it, the high-pitched, screaming sirens that were the Stuka's signature. Activated when the bomber reached a certain speed in a dive, they announced its presence to everyone unfortunate enough to be on the ground, signaling to them what should have been obvious: that they had crossed a dangerous enemy, and in so doing made a very serious and very fatal mistake. Fixed to the Stuka's non-retractable landing gear, the sirens were shrill and terrifying. Even for Hans, safely inside the Stuka's cockpit and insulated from the full volume of the sirens' sound, it was enough to make all the hair on his neck stand on end. And until the Stuka broke out of its dive and released the bombs, the sirens would never stop screaming. Death rushed down on the British ship, the ship being criminally used to move troops, and Hans held on for dear life. In just a few seconds, they would drop from around 4,600 meters to just 450. Every time it happened, Hans came out of it drenched in sweat, and this time looked to be no different. Ten seconds. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six. Five. Hans thought of the cross around his neck, and wondered if he should've perhaps clutched at that instead. No matter. God was still with him, still with Dieter. Still with Germany. And if He wasn't with this particular Stuka today, well- nothing Hans could do really mattered. Four. A quick, tense look to left and right showed that earth and ocean were indeed rushing up to meet them. This all took careful timing, and if you hesitated even a bit at the wrong second, the entire plane would hit the target instead of just the bombs. Hans knew that wouldn't happen. But he knew it could. Three… \"Bombs away!\" Dieter shouted, and Hans knew that a light on the contact altimeter had come on, indicating that the Stuka was reaching the ideal bomb-release point. While the deployed dive-brakes held the aircraft steady, the bombs would be detached from beneath the outer edges of the wings and the underbelly, the speed of the dive serving to literally throw them down on the target. Bombs released, the Stuka immediately began to pull out of the dive, subjecting itself and its crew to 6 g's. Hans tightened his grip on the machine gun further still as powerful gravitational forces began to force his head down, making him appear as if he was bowing in his gunner's seat, lowering his head in apparent homage to the MG-15. Steadily, second by second, Hans' vision began to \"gray out\". Called \"seeing stars\" by the pilots, it was what happened to you when more than 5 g forces were imposed while you were in a seated position. You steadily lost vision while remaining conscious, but you'd black out after five seconds. Please let the automatic pull-out work. Please let Dieter stay in control and pull the nose up himself. Please don't let us smash into that damned mole and die on one of the last days of the damned war. Don't let me be killed right as we're about to win the final victory… Struggling to even stay conscious, Hans felt his head hit against the base of the stockless machine gun. Everything went black. When Hans opened his eyes again, he was looking down at the ground. Climbing at the steepest angle the engine could handle, the Stuka was ascending again. In this period following the dive, it was both slow-moving and low to the ground, making the Junkers an easy target… if you could get past the 109s and the even deadlier 110s, the \"Destroyers\". Or, if you even had planes or antiaircraft guns at all. Neither seemed to be present- apart from the brief welcome the Stukas had gotten coming in- and neither was firing at the Junkers. Behind them, Gunther was coming out of his dive, angling his nose to follow Dieter and Hans' plane. And behind them, steam and smoke billowed from the hospital ship. It was just seconds after the bombs had impacted, but Hans could see her listing heavily. He thought about taking aim and putting some shots on the open decks of the ship, where he could see brown and green forms jumping over the side. No. No. Conserve ammunition. Conserve it. Just because there's been no fighters so far doesn't mean there aren't any . The ship was going under, and going quickly. Something that the bombs had hit was letting quite a lot of water in; the two Stukas had achieved no less than a mortal blow. \"She's hit!\" Hans exclaimed. \"We've got her! She's going down!\" \"Looks like it,\" Dieter said approvingly. \"Good.\" Hans looked out as the Stuka climbed away, watching as the white ship with the red crosses began drifting away from the mole. Apparently, some of the men rushing about on the mole had cut her lines, because she wasn't tied up anymore. Instead, after drifting up and hitting against the mole, the white ship moved to starboard, sinking steadily. There was death down there. A lot of it, probably. And if there was anyone really wounded aboard, they had to have no way out. There'd be no time. Sitting there, helpless, unable to get away as the water rushed in to find you… it wasn't an end Hans envied. Not at all. But this was war. Hans knew it was a dirty business, and it involved doing things that one didn't enjoy. They were here to kill these people before they could get away and come back to kill them. The squadron leader, Major Günter Schwartzkopff, had made it clear this morning when the day's operations began: \"This is it, gentlemen. The British and French hold the beach at Dunkirk and not much else. We are going to finish this war right here.\" Hans prayed for the souls of everyone the Stukas would kill here today, knowing there would be many. He prayed for more to be killed, as many as possible, and for one reason: this battle was about breaking the English. The French were done. They might not have realized it yet, but their role in this war was finished. Their air force obliterated, their navy docked and useless and their army shattered and broken in the field, the French had nothing left. But the English- if enough of them got away here, they might carry on with this futile resistance for a while yet. And that would mean more fighting, yes, more exciting and daring missions… but it would also mean that more good German fighting men would be lost. Hans did not value his own chances for glory so much that he wanted that. XX After the other two Stukas joined them, Dieter circled around, and the four dive-bombers, taking advantage of the apparent total lack of fighter or significant flak opposition, went on a strafing run on the beach. Each Junkers 87 had two MG-17s mounted, one in each wing. Hans could feel the Stuka shake as the 17s thundered, could picture the British Tommies and their French comrades diving for cover, helpless and overcome with fear. PING! BANG! Shit! Not quite overcome. Hans got the shock of his life as he realized no less than two .303 rounds, the standard for British rifles and machine guns, had come through the floor of the Stuka, just off to his right. Damn. They were not supposed to get that close. Youthful exuberance and teenage daring- as well as an ever-present desire to impress his fearless brother- saw to it that Hans quickly got over the surprise. At first frightened by how close the rounds had come, Hans laughed, even if it was a little shaky and nervous. He bent down to the floor, locating one of the bullets, and picked it up. \"All right, Hans?\" Dieter called back. \"Yes,\" Hans said. \"I'm fine. Some Tommy needs better aim.\" Setting the Stuka to climb again, Dieter replied, \"Better give them a farewell as we head back.\" So I should spend ammunition on this? Well, it makes sense. It isn't like the enemy has any planes left. We can spare a drum or two. \"Right.\" Hans stuck the .303 bullet in one of his flight suit's pockets, closed it back up, and quickly concentrated on aiming the MG-15 at the men behind them on the beach. Careful not to accidentally fire on any of the Stukas forming up behind the one he was in, Hans sighted on a group that looked within range and fired. The machine gun spat flame, blazing away at 1,000 rounds per minute. Down on the sand, Hans could see men in khaki and brown diving for what little cover there was as not only Hans but the other Stuka gunners opened up. It was a heady feeling, sitting in this plane, fast and invulnerable, spitting death in the form of 7.92x57mm Mauser bullets. Hans did not waste a single round, but fired in steady bursts, each aimed at a particular handful of men. So many were down there! How could he possibly miss entirely? Hans kept at it as long as the 150-round double drum attached to the gun lasted, but with its rate of fire, that was just short of ten seconds. As Hans stopped to change drums, he felt a certain amount of disappointment. The terrific fear that came with making a dive was already fading, and on its heels came the desire to come right back and do it again. \"Adrenaline\" did not even begin to describe it. Hans had his own theory that Stuka crews experienced something else entirely. Something much more intense. BOOM! \"Shit!\" Dieter barked up front, hunching his shoulders down as that damned gun fired at them again. He put the nose down, and called out, \"Enemy flak cannon down there in the town. I'm starting a strafing run.\" Hans held on as the Stuka's nose lowered again. Not into a dive, but they were speeding toward the ground all the same. And the crew of that gun was going to try and take a shot at them, realizing that time was running out… BOOM! Off to port, farther away, a shell exploded. The crew had probably fired the second they saw the Stukas coming for them, not thinking to change the fuses and set them for the much shorter range. BOOM! The plane really shook with that one, and Hans felt his teeth clack together. Damn, that was too close! That one felt like it had gone off up front! \"All right, Dieter?\" Hans shouted, feeling worried. \"I'm fine,\" Dieter growled. \"Come on. Let's see how they like this!\" The MG-17s opened up again, making the whole plane vibrate. Moments later, the other three Stukas' wing guns blazed to life, and after a few moments Dieter shouted as someone scored a hit. He raised the nose of the Junkers again, and the other three bombers followed his lead. \"Target destroyed, Herr Hauptmann,\" Martin reported over the radio. \"I have eyes in my head, Leutnant,\" Dieter replied. \"Is that right?\" \"Yes,\" Dieter said, chuckling briefly. \"Everyone, climb to 2,500 meters and watch your gauges. Enemy fire may have caused damage.\" \"Thunder Leader,\" Gunther said after a few moments, \"I see traces of black fluid coming from your engine. You may be leaking oil.\" \"Noted,\" Dieter responded. \"I'll watch that gauge.\" Hans looked outside, and indeed, a thin trail of black droplets was streaming past the plane. \"I can see it too,\" Hans said. \"We'll be fine.\" After a few minutes of watching the skies and seeing no threats at all, Hans turned his back to the machine gun and focused on his other job- radio operator. He listened for traffic directed at the flight, and took over radioing between the planes as necessary. \"Thunder Leader,\" Lukas said, \"I have two contacts closing with us from port. They look like fighters.\" \"Probably 109s going out to the Channel.\" Hans lifted his head and looked in that direction, peering out and trying to get a better look at the incoming planes. He'd seen his share of Messerschmitts, riding with Dieter across France. The fighters got closer and closer every second, and Hans was about to say something when either Gunther or Martin, Hans wasn't sure which, said it for him. \"Those aren't 109s!\" Just then, the two fighters roared through the Stuka formation, machine guns blazing. Gunther's machine appeared to hesitate, pause in place, then nosed down toward the earth, black smoke pouring from its motor. \"Gunther- I think Gunther's hit,\" Hans said, fighting to keep his voice steady. \"Any parachutes?\" Dieter asked. Come on. Come on. Gunther had flown with Dieter since Spain. He wasn't about to get killed now… \"One,\" Hans called out. \"I see one.\" \"Mark his position, everyone, and close up! Gunners, watch our tails!\" Hans, his radio equipment long forgotten, was already holding onto his MG-15 for dear life. Behind his oxygen mask, a pair of crisp blue eyes stared out, searching the sky, waiting for a chance to take revenge for the unit's loss. \"Here they come!\" Hans shouted, and he started blasting away as the two fighters came at the Stukas again, this time diving down on their rear. Sighting in on one plane, Hans let him have it, feeling his whole body tremble as the MG roared and spat fire. It was shaking so damn much it felt like it was trying to jump right out of his hands. Helmut, Martin's gunner, and Marko, Lukas' gunner, opened up at almost the same instant. Dieter began throwing the Junkers to port, and then to starboard, trying to throw off the enemy pilots' aim. Unfortunately, it made aiming hell for Hans too. He snarled in anger, trying to make the enemy plane stay in his sights despite everything. Come on! Come on! \"He's on me!\" Dieter called out, and Hans felt a tremor of fear as one of the enemy fighters closed range and began to settle in on them. \"I'm on him,\" Martin answered. Behind them, a strange drama unfolded as a fighter closed on a bomber, and one of the bomber's comrades changed course and closed in on him. The Stuka jerked violently to the left, just as the enemy plane fired. Hans was thrown against the canopy glass, and for a moment he saw stars. Focus, focus! Wake up! He forced himself back to his gun, and fired away. Either he was missing, or the shots were not doing enough damage! Hans hunched lower towards his gun, grimly set to kill this man or be killed trying. He was not going to screw this up. He was not going to let Dieter down on one of the last days of the damn war! Just as the enemy fighter's guns began to spit flames, Martin opened fire, and the enemy pilot's shots went high. The enemy fighter broke away and headed off from the Stukas, trailing smoke. Hans' gun was empty. He reached for a new 'saddle drum', dropped it, swore, and made the change. The MG-15 stayed in an open bolt position once the last round was fired, so he didn't have to charge it again now that it was reloaded. Heart pounding, body coated in sweat, Hans searched the sky. No way were they giving up this easy. \"I don't see Lukas,\" Martin called out on the radio. \"Thunder Leader, do you see him?\" \"I do,\" Dieter answered grimly, and at that moment, Hans saw the black smoke rising from the forest beneath them. No one said anything else. Martin must have seen it, too, and realized what it meant. No one was getting out of that one. \"Your engine looks like it's having trouble, Thunder Leader,\" Martin said. \"What do you see?\" \"Gray smoke.\" \"We'll just have to hope it holds,\" Dieter answered. \"Up high! Up high, here they come again!\" Hans yelled, and he aimed the MG as high up as it would go. The two fighters plummeted down on the two remaining Stukas, determined to take the rest of their number. It was a fight to the death as the fighters dove and the bombers' gunners blazed away, with no quarter asked and none given. Machine gun fire slammed into the back of Dieter's Stuka, and Hans screamed as the force of one or more shots roughly shoved him back in his seat. He shouted, swearing heatedly, as Dieter threw the Stuka around some more, and struggled to change another double drum. That was three, out of six the plane carried. He was going to have to be careful. \"Hans? Are you all right back there?\" Dieter called. \"Yes,\" Hans lied immediately, looking down. He saw blood. And- for some reason- he couldn't seem to move or feel his legs. \"I'm okay. I'm all right.\" \"Were you hit?\" \"Yes,\" Hans admitted. \"It's nothing serious. I'm okay.\" \"The bastards are French!\" Dieter shouted suddenly, as the two fighters once again roared past. He threw the Stuka into another evasive maneuver, handling it as roughly as Hans had ever seen him do. Sure enough, as the two brown-and-green fighters flashed by, Hans caught sight of the roundels of the French Air Force, and the French tricolor flag on the rear-most part of the tail. Hans didn't speak, but simply fired, suppressing the pain beginning to eat away at his strength and turning it into anger. One of the fighters, the one already damaged, began to spew black smoke from its engine, and a few moments later the cockpit flew open and a man jumped out, opening a parachute. That's still left the other fighter, though, and it went into a wide arc to the rear of the Stukas. Hans figured out what was happening after only a few moments. \"He's coming back around. He's coming back around!\" Martin's Stuka put its nose down as her pilot desperately tried to gain some speed, and Dieter did the same. They were trading altitude for speed and time now, trying to do the impossible- outrun a fighter in a plane that could not outrun more than a biplane. God, this hurt. There was something wrong down there. At his waist, near his waist, something. Coursing adrenaline was helping to keep the worst of it away, but Hans was afraid. He did not want to know how badly those guns had hit him. No! No! None of that. He was fine. Perfectly fine. Just a few scratches, enough to get a Wound Badge. Nothing more. \"Come closer, you,\" Hans whispered, sighting in on the enemy fighter. He knew that plane. It was a Dewoitine D. 520, best in the French arsenal. Precious few of them had been available to deploy in the defense of France, and by now there were supposed to be none at all. The machine guns on the wings of the fighter came alive again, and gunfire punched holes in the port wing of the Stuka. Hans prayed the fuel tank there hadn't been breached, and fired a series of bursts as the fighter closed in. It cut speed and settled in behind Martin's Stuka, and Hans knew what was going to happen before it did. Safely beneath the slow-moving bomber, the French pilot poured gunfire into its engine. The Stuka's motor exploded into flame and it began to dive toward the earth. The glass opened. Front, rear. One man emerged, then another. A pair of parachutes blossomed into life, descending toward the farmer's field below. After a few moments, the empty Stuka hit the earth and exploded, landing just at the edge of the field. \"Martin's down,\" Hans said. \"Two chutes.\" \"I'll mark their position,\" Dieter said tersely. \"It's just us and him, now.\" Hans hunched over his machine gun, determined that it would be \"him\" that would have to bail out next. The enemy fighter, however, had disappeared. Or it seemed to have disappeared. Hans searched the sky, wondering what the enemy was up to. The clouds hung low, largely obscuring the sun. The bastard could be anywhere up there, taking his time. He knew full well that a Junkers 87 was not going anywhere fast. The engine was running rough now; something had happened to it amidst the repeat attack runs by the fighters, or the gunfire from the ground. Hans gasped as a sharp wave of pain hit him. \"I'm fine,\" Hans said, just as Dieter started to speak. \"We're closing in on Caen,\" Dieter said by way of reply. He sounded tense, extremely tense. Worried. The fact that his brother sounded at all frightened… Hans did not like that at all. Just then, the Dewoitine dove out of the clouds, machine guns blazing. Bullets slammed into the plane, and explosive cannon rounds blew holes in the starboard wing. Hans fired away, holding the trigger down, and smoke began to trail from the enemy fighter's motor. But still, he would not break away, but simply closed the distance and kept firing. The sound of gunfire tearing into the plane made Hans experience a kind of fear he'd never imagined existed. That was death coming for the Stuka, and its crew. Hans emptied the double drum, dropped it, grabbed for another with leather-gloved fingers. The French fighter took half of another drum before it stopped its attack, either too damaged or out of ammunition. It peeled off, heading east. Eventually, Hans saw the cockpit open, followed by a parachute. There. He'd done it. He'd done it. The fighters were gone. \"Thank God,\" Hans said, sighing. He spent the next… while… watching for threats. Hans didn't have much sense of time right now. Unwilling to trust the skies to be safe anymore, he kept an unceasing vigil for however long it was until the struggling Junkers finally neared the airfield, and Dieter announced he was bringing them in to land. XX As the Stuka flew in, steadily losing altitude, the engine grumbled and coughed. As the fixed undercarriage touched the ground and the tail dropped, it died. Hans let go of the machine gun, and finally let himself acknowledge his pain. He felt weak, terribly weak. Clutching both hands to his stomach, Hans felt something warm and wet. God, this hurt. \"Hans?\" Dieter said, sliding his end of the canopy open. Hans just groaned. \"Hans!\" Dieter said again. It was no longer a question, but a sound of fear and alarm. Dieter was out of the pilot's seat in an instant, and not even five seconds later, Hans heard the rear canopy glass being slid open. The gunner wanted to be brave. He wanted to be strong and tough, just like his brother. Instead, he started to cry, holding on where he'd been hit, in agony and unable to hide it. \"God in heaven,\" Dieter whispered, and suddenly he was shouting, hollering for the medics. \"Hans, come on! Let's get you out of there, we'll get you help!\" \"I can't, Dieter,\" Hans moaned. \"What? What's wrong?\" Dieter asked. \"I can't feel my legs,\" Hans blurted. He felt so weak, like some little baby. He was ashamed, embarrassed of his own weakness. \"I can't stand up, Dieter.\" Dieter turned his head and bellowed for the medics, using a fierceness Hans had never heard from him before. His older brother reached down and took one of Hans' bloody hands. \"Listen to me, Hansi. You'll be fine! You'll be fine!\" As the runners arrived from the medical tent, Dieter immediately set to helping them lift Hans up and out of the gunner's seat, and place him on a stretcher. \"We need to hurry, Herr Hauptmann,\" one of the orderlies said. \"I'm sorry, Dieter,\" Hans cried, overcome with remorse, with guilt. \"I'm so sorry. I messed up.\" Taking his brother's hand again, Dieter looked down at him. \"You did nothing wrong. You're a hero. You saved my life.\" Hans smiled, thrilled in spite of the pain. \"Thank you.\" He wanted to say his brother was wrong, that he was no hero, that a real hero would have saved the other bombers in the flight from going down. A real hero wouldn't have been shot and be lying helpless on a stretcher. But Hans couldn't find the words. The praise from Dieter warmed and cheered him, but pain was washing through his body as the orderlies hurried him to the surgical tent. He tried to apologize for botching the whole thing, but couldn't seem to speak. It hurt too much. Smiling weakly, Hans managed to raise a hand and wave at his older brother, trying to tell him that he'd be fine, that he was so happy to have fought with his brother, the hero, in the skies over France at the end of the war. Hans tried to convey some of that, but wasn't sure if he managed. He smiled and waved again, still trying to say what he couldn't in words, until they took him into the tent and he couldn't see Dieter anymore. The doctor told him he was going to be okay, but they would have to operate. Hans nodded. He still couldn't move below his waist. He couldn't stand up. He'd been shot. Why did he get shot? Right here, with the war almost over? Hans didn't know. The doctor put something in his arm, said he'd numb the pain. As the cool, delicious fluid began to flow through him, Hans not only forgot about the pain, but he forgot about everything troubling him. He smiled, remembering his brother's care, his concern, his love. He remembered what a wonderful day it had been when he reported in for duty at StG-77, to become his brother's new gunner. What a wonderful day that had been. What a day. Hans could remember it perfectly, like it had happened this very day, instead of many weeks and weeks ago. I did my job. I did it and more , Hans thought, and he cried tears of joy. Dieter said I'm a hero. He said he's proud of me . Nothing had ever made Hans feel so good. Nothing had ever meant so much. As he passed out, Hans' last thoughts turned to the long, gliding descent to land at the airfield, the Stuka trailing smoke, its engine dying. Dieter had done it like it was nothing. Like it was something he did every day. Then Hans thought of the white ship they had sunk by the mole- and how it was for the best. The war would be over soon, and in the end, the men of the Luftwaffe would have saved more lives than they had taken. Hans was proud he had helped play a part in it. That he'd done his job. That he hadn't missed the last battle of the war, after all. That he'd been a good gunner and defended his brother. He was so damn proud. A/N: 8-27-2017. This is my second story for \"Dunkirk,\" that magnificent movie, and the sixth for the fandom. I got the idea of writing a story depicting the perspective of the pilot and gunner of a Junkers Ju-87 \"Stuka\" about the same day as I saw the movie in theaters the first time, on July 21, 2017. It took just over a month to actually get around to doing it. The Germans are completely hidden from the audience throughout the movie; Nolan gives us no indication of who they are or why they are doing this. The audience, then, can draw their own conclusions if they care to. Some of the German fighting men attacking the British and French forces besieged at Dunkirk were surely Nazis. Some were the opposite, and despised the NSDAP and Hitler. Others were probably varying degrees of indifferent. Most of all, during the course of the fighting at Dunkirk, I would say the Germans as a whole were just men doing a job, and their personal politics were irrelevant. They wanted to stay alive just as much as the men on the beaches and the ships did. And given how well the war was going for Germany in May-June 1940, morale was probably high and the Germans may have thought they were close to winning the war. I avoided detailing much of Hans or Dieter's personal history, or even giving them last names, in keeping with what Christopher Nolan did. Whether Dieter, a veteran of the Condor Legion who has been enthusiastically and skillfully flying the Junkers Ju-87 since the first day of World War II, is a Nazi or not, I do not say and personally do not know. Is Hans a Nazi? I don't know. Are they rich or poor, are they in this for Hitler and his cause or in spite of it? That is for the reader to decide. I am unaware of any fighters of the French Air Force- of any type- participating in the battle at Dunkirk. But given the chaos of the retreat and the collapse of the French military forces, it is possible that two determined aviators with two working fighters and some fuel and ammunition could have taken their planes up from some hidden airfield. It is possible that they could have attacked some Stukas on their way back from Dunkirk and tried to make some difference, even when all seemed lost. Since Spitfires would not have gone that far inland or chased the Stukas so aggressively back towards their base, I chose to present fighters being flown from within France somewhere. I also wanted to show bravery and determination and skill being demonstrated by French pilots. The French Air Force as a whole was catastrophically unprepared, but that doesn't mean individual men within it didn't do what they could. There really was a hospital ship sunk at Dunkirk- the HMHS Paris, sunk on June 2, 1940. But she was reportedly sunk off the coast, not tied up at a mole. She was sunk by German aircraft, reportedly Junkers Ju-87s. I have been unable to find exactly why a clearly-marked hospital ship was sunk by German bombers, but this was not the only time such a ship was sunk by one side or the other during World War II. I don't know if this holds up in the laws of war of the time, but strictly speaking, a ship, even a hospital ship, being used as part of a military evacuation is being used for military purposes. Therefore, the other side can go right ahead and sink it. The ship we see is loaded heavily with wounded men, but the Germans probably didn't know that. They may have been told, or had reason to believe, that the British and French were using those ships to move able-bodied men. At any rate, German bombers were almost certainly told to sink any ships conducting troop evacuations, and in the military of 1940s Germany you did what you were told. The fact that Dieter and Hans both appear to misunderstand the truth of why that hospital ship was there and who was aboard it- and how reconnaissance flights helped add to the idea that even a hospital ship should be seen as a military target- is all an effort by me to help suggest the less-than-clear picture German forces probably had of what was actually happening on the beaches. The Junkers Ju-87 is portrayed as accurately as I could write it. It was tough, but it was also slow-moving and had only one machine gun for defense. Its sirens, fixed to the non-retractable landing gear, emitted a high-pitched wail that terrified men on the ground, as was intended. Despite its fearsome reputation, it was easily destroyed by modern fighters of the time and required a constant and strong fighter escort. Stuka crews were subject to severe physical stress by the steep dive the plane went into, and it was common to experience a \"gray-out\" of vision, if not black out completely, as the bomber pulled out of its dive. The Stuka was the only dive-bomber of World War II that was capable of diving at a 90-degree angle, rather than the more typical 60-degrees. It was, as described by Eric \"Winkle\" Brown, famed British test pilot, as being \"in a class of its own.\" It might be fair to say that, especially in May-June 1940, there was no better or more feared dive-bomber in all the world. ","Summary":" The Gunner Despite the overcast skies, the blankets of gray cloud that occasionally closed up and b"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"The Letter","Author":"90TheGeneral09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12629663","Passage":"[Chapter 1] To My Family If you are reading this, by now you know that I'm dead. The good news is that whatever happened to me, I gave Jerry a hell of a fight, and no one has to fear I died a coward. The bad news is that I've broken my promise to Dad, and I won't be coming home again. Nothing in my life has ever been so important to me as my family. It probably seemed like I loved football or flying more than I loved any of you, but that isn't true. I loved all of you. When I went and became a Dukie, when I went to the RAFC, and when I left with my squadron to go help out the chaps in the BEF in France, I did it all as a Dawson. Nothing ever made me prouder. Dad, you were a hero in the last Great War. I don't care what you say. Sometime, please show Peter the medals. He deserves to know about them. I am sorry for all the times I didn't listen to you, and to Mum. I am sorry for not being a better son, and for not being a hero like you. I am sorry I wasn't strong and brave enough to make it back like I promised. You taught me everything, and after Mum died, you kept us all together. The time you spent teaching me things and always being there is something I can't ever properly thank you for. So I suppose the only thing I can do, is say \"Thank you\" one more time. Peter, you are my brother and I love you. I always did. I just never knew how to say it. We should have been the very best of friends but it never worked out. I always told myself I'd get to you after I played football with the lads, or after I got done at Duke of York's, or after Cranwell. Always after I did something else. That was a mistake. I should have known we didn't have forever. Stay out of this war, Peter, any way you can. Stay out of it . Dad's already lost me. Don't let him lose you. Since we never seem to have got rid of George, Peter, let him have my room when he's around, unless you want it. I think he'd rather live with us, anyway. Give him my best. He's a better lad than he thinks. Everything I own, I give to my Dad and to Peter. It's only fair. They gave everything to me. With love, Flight Lieutenant James Edward Robert Dawson, R.A.F. 3 September 1939 A/N: 8-26-2017. This is my first-ever fanfic for that magnificent movie, \"Dunkirk\", which I had the privilege of seeing twice in theaters, once in July and once in August 2017. It was inspired not actually by anything I saw in the movie, but by content I read in \"Home is where their hearts laid\" by HuffleSnuffler. To that user goes credit for the name of Peter's older brother, whose name is unspecified in the film. They named him as \"James E.R. Dawson,\" and I filled in the two middle names. HuffleSnuffler also gave me the idea of Peter and James having never been especially close. I asked HuffleSnuffler's permission to use these details in writing this letter, and was given the go-ahead. And here we are. BEF- British Expeditionary Force. A name used both in World War I and in World War II, this was a force that the British Army deployed to continental Europe to take the fight to the Germans. The first time it worked. The second time, the Germans drove them back to Dunkirk and almost destroyed them. Dukie's, or Duke of York's- the Duke of York's Royal Military School. This is an ages 11-18 boarding school in England founded in 1803, motto \"Sons of the Brave\" until 2011. Up to that date, no one could attend DOYRMS unless one or more of their parents were serving or had served in the British military forces. Note that graduates of this school are known as \"Dukies\", but the school itself seems to be referred to as that sometimes. RAFC, Cranwell- the Royal Air Force College Cranwell. Based at RAF Cranwell, an airbase in Lincolnshire, England, near the village of Cranwell, this school was founded in 1919 and serves as the initial officer training school for the Royal Air Force. The British officer training schools are not the same as the American military academies. The United States Military Academy, United States Naval Academy, and United States Air Force Academy are all four-year universities, while the British military academies are more like officer candidate school (OCS). You attend college or university and then go on to Cranwell, if you so choose, and spend far less time there than the four years required at one of the American academies. Football- What the entire rest of the world calls what Americans insist on calling \"soccer\". Flight Lieutenant- NATO officer rank OF-2, this is the equivalent to the American rank of first lieutenant and is the next rank up from the basic officer rank, flying officer, in the Royal Air Force. Promotion to the rank usually occurs around 2 or 2.5 years after commissioning. All we officially know about Peter's older brother from the movie is that he was a fighter pilot in the Royal Air Force, that he flew a Hawker Hurricane, and that he was killed in action in the early weeks of World War II. HuffleSnuffler came up with the details, like I said, of his name and also of approximately when he began his career in the RAF, 1937. Assuming \"James\" had attended university and then gone to the RAFC- where ALL pilot officers began their training and still do- he would have been about 23 in 1937, meaning he was born in 1914. After some research, I learned of two Royal Air Force fighter squadrons that flew the Hawker Hurricane and were deployed to France at the start of the war in September 1939. Those were No. 73 Squadron and No. 1 Squadron. The latter has the honour and distinction of being the oldest active squadron in the Royal Air Force, and one which has fought in every major war fought by the U.K. since its creation. Peter is approximately 20-22 at the Dunkirk evacuation in May-June 1940, based on the age of the actor who portrays him (22), meaning he was born about 1918-1920. George, 1-1 Marines tells me, actually states his age as 19, making him born in 1921. Mr. Dawson we know only so much about, despite his important role. But I believe it is almost certain he was in the British military in World War I. Most British men his age were. HuffleSnuffler has informed me that they intend to continue writing \"Home is where their hearts laid\", so I'd suggest reading it and following it for new chapters. HS intends to continue the story until the end of World War II in 1945- an ambitious project- and I am interested to see where that goes. The letter addressed \"To My Family\" that HS makes mention of early on in \"Home is where their hearts laid\" will be appearing again at some point. It may be similar to mine, or it may be completely different. That depends on what HuffleSnuffler chooses to do. Having gotten some inspiration from HS, I decided to imagine the rest: a talented and successful elder brother, always preoccupied and probably rather brusque and even condescending toward the younger brother. An elder brother who never showed much love to his sibling in life, but was thoughtful enough to tell him about it in the event of his death. It really can happen where a person genuinely loves a family member but doesn't know how to show it. I tried to make this letter as authentic as I could, without overdoing it. Hopefully, I managed. This is the fifth fanfic ever posted to \"Dunkirk\" on this website. ","Summary":" To My Family If you are reading this, by now you know that I'm dead. The good news is that whatever"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"The Fighter","Author":"90TheGeneral09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12705171","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Fighter The chute opened just a few seconds after Henry cleared the Defiant's turret. He had been sure the damned thing would be the death of him- either the aircraft, which looked like a fighter but had no guns at all for the pilot to use- or the turret, which had to be rotated ninety degrees to the side to get in or out. But, hanging from the off-white chute that had blossomed out of Henry's ridiculous-looking \"rhino suit\" when he pulled on it as instructed, Henry was glad to say he'd been wrong. The pilot, Flying Officer Ives, and Henry had worked together only briefly before this happened. Henry had volunteered for service on the outbreak of the war, managed to fool the enlistment officer into thinking he actually was eighteen- waiting a year when it seemed like Hitler could be marching his army into Britain tomorrow was unthinkable, no matter what Mum and Dad said- and gone off to his basic military and aerial gunner training in the Royal Air Force. They'd sent him to fly with this grinning little Scotsman who had to be a whole two feet shorter than Henry, despite being years older. Having left England only occasionally to visit family who were living in Belfast, and having certainly never been to Scotland, Henry barely understood a word Ives said to him when they were on the ground. But for some reason, in the air, they understood each other fine. Somehow, the different versions of English they spoke were mutually comprehensible when it mattered most. When that 109 had charged in head-on and ripped up the engine before Henry could get more than a few bursts from his four Browning .303s , Ives had held the Defiant steady while Henry turned the turret and bailed out. His parting words: \"Best of luck, mate.\" Henry, watching Ives' chute drift down miles away, wished his pilot the very same thing. The situation was bad, but Henry knew it could be handled… even if he had no idea of how. The Germans had broken through all the defensive lines the French had put up, and neither the French nor the British had been able to move fast enough to halt the German panzers from racing through and forcing the Allies to fall back again and again. The Germans' advance had been alarmingly fast and their defeat of the French Army looked next to total. But Henry refused to concede that this was it for him, or for England. Whether or not the French carried on after the evacuations at Dunkirk, the Royal Air Force would be defying Hitler tomorrow, and the next day, and the next. Same for the Royal Navy and the British Army. Still, right now, it was hard to say much more. Henry was in a bit of a tough spot. His plane had been shot out from under him and he was about to land in a country that, while friendly itself, was in the last stages of falling into the hands of a hostile invader. The Germans were coming, if not already here. They might or might not have men in this area; there could be a squad of riflemen ready to take Henry in the second he landed, or he might have ten minutes before they showed up. Or ten hours. There was just no way to know. Henry had no weapon, save for a flare gun with three shots and a survival knife strapped to his leg. Not much to take on a German infantry unit with. He was no \"good old honest Tommy\" as his father kept calling the British infantrymen that he had been one of in the Great War, and thus, didn't get to have a Smelly- what the infantry blokes called the Rifle No. 1 Mk. III, Short Magazine Lee-Enfield, or SMLE, the pronunciation of the combined letters giving it the name. And anyway, there was no room for a .303 rifle in the cramped space of the turret. No Webley revolver; Henry'd lost that bailing out. But what he really wanted was a Bren gun, the .303 light machine gun. It sure would have been wonderful, bailing out and parachuting down into western France with one of those beauties in his hands. The four .303 Brownings that Henry had left behind in the Defiant would also have been quite nice to take with him. And as long as I'm dreaming , Henry thought, I'd like a Bentley . Very nice cars, those. Sportier and quicker than the Rolls-Royces they tended to look so similar to. Henry couldn't remember if the King had one. Probably he did. He was the King, after all, and could have most any automobile he wanted. But a Rolls-Royce was rather the preferred car for people who wanted to be comfortable, look good, and not be bothered to go anywhere in any great hurry. No, no. Not the time for that. Focus, focus. Henry was in trouble here and trying to remember what car His Majesty King George VI had been riding in the last time Henry had seen him was not going to do him any good. Maybe, if he did something really spectacular and got himself out of this- and simultaneously captured Hermann Göring and punched Hitler in the face- he might even get the VC. Please. The VC? Even that might not be enough. And this was not the time for that, either. Getting all excited about some daring deed and trying to win the VC was a wonderful way to go and get yourself shot. But Henry did not want to give up. He was in this thing to fight, and as high as morale back home, Henry was not about to go the way of the meek and shame all his folks. He wanted to be defiant, even now, when Germany looked like they had this one in the bag. Speaking of that word- there was an explosion a few miles off, a shower of fire, sparks and smoke. The Defiant had found the earth. Henry, even with the fix he was in, could not help but shake his head. Even with all the Defiant's flaws, that was a waste of a good airplane. The ground was coming up faster than Henry would have liked. If he'd had his way, he would've been given an hour or so to get settled in, think about it, maybe steer and have a go at trying to escape across the Channel. God, if I can't stop all this fanciful thinking before I land, I'm gonna get myself killed . Trees, for instance. There were an awful lot of those down there. Clear patches here and there; farmland, people's yards and so on. But trees in quantity, nonetheless. There was a farmhouse down there, close by. Henry leaned as best he could, trying to steer the chute in for a landing. Too late, he realized there was a good-sized couple of trees in the yard there. He miraculously dodged one, then got the edge of the chute snagged on the outer-most top branches of the other. Henry briefly cursed his bad luck- stuck up here at the top of this bloody tree!- before the cloth ripped with a distinctly loud tearing noise. Then, a heart-stopping second later, Henry was dangling just a few feet over the ground, the remains of his parachute tangled in one of the thick lower branches of the tree. Excellent. Just the kind of landing Henry's instructors in the RAF would be proud of. Honestly, under the circumstances, they might have at least called it acceptable. Henry was not dead, he was unharmed, and he still had a chance to escape or evade capture. There was still a chance he could do something. That was the most important thing about all this. The damn clasps of the chute wouldn't let go, of course. Henry tried everything as he hung there, but it never worked. Fine. That was what the knife was for. Figuring he was better off than he certainly could've been- especially if, instead of getting caught by a low-hanging branch, he'd just dropped straight from the top branches of this tree to the ground- Henry got out his knife and double-checked the distance between his own handsome, blond-haired and gray-eyed self to the ground. Yes, it looked like he could land that. Okay, time to find out. Henry looked up, applied the knife to the first line of the chute, and started cutting. When that one let go, he went for the next one. Then the next. As he severed the last line, Henry dropped to the ground, landing heavily but safely on his sturdy black leather boots. He looked up, knife still in hand, thinking he should start by checking this house for food or water. Or better yet, maybe he ought to start by getting rid of this ridiculous-looking \"elephant suit\". The double-barreled shotgun aimed at his face changed Henry's priorities. A frightened-looking boy of about twelve or thirteen in plain, home-made button-down shirt and black trousers had come out of the back door of the house while Henry wasn't paying attention, shouldered the shotgun, and leveled it at Henry's face. The gun was heavy in the boy's hands, and its weight, combined with his fear, meant it wavered and shook some. Some, but not so much that Henry wouldn't have his face rearranged quite thoroughly if he did something stupid at this instant. So Henry tried what he so often did when he got in trouble for playing games at school, or trying to toughen up one of his weaker, less impressive classmates. He put on his best smile and tried to act like all was well. \"Hello, there!\" \"Qui es-tu?\" the boy responded immediately. Henry didn't know how to reply, since he had never much paid attention to his French lessons. There was clearly a question in that. So Henry took a step forward, trying to smile disarmingly. He didn't think to put down the knife, though, so the effect that the move had was for the boy to step back and pull the trigger. BANG! The deafening blast sent a rush of wind through Henry's hair. The whole world went silent for a few seconds, followed by a ringing sound in both ears. Henry had shut his eyes, but quickly opened them when he realized he was still alive. The boy had jerked the shotgun up as he fired, shooting just a little too high. If that hadn't happened, Henry wouldn't have been alive long enough to know the difference. \"Ne bougez pas! Ne vous approchez pas! Reste là! Je ne te connais pas!\" The boy was talking faster, more urgently, and his eyes were wide. He was terribly scared, and had lowered the shotgun after his mistake. He would not miss a second time. Henry still had no idea what he was talking about, beyond the obvious fact that the boy didn't like a single thing about what was going on. There was one thing he could do, however. Henry dropped the survival knife and held up his open palms. The boy's eyes flicked down to the knife, but he looked like he didn't want to take his attention of Henry for even a second to deal with it. Qui es-tu?\" the boy demanded again. \"Français? Anglais? Boche? Qui es-tu?\" Boche- Boche! Henry knew that word! That was Father's word for the Germans, he'd used it ever since the Great War! \"No, no, I'm not a Boche, mate,\" Henry said with forced calm, still trying to keep a friendly smile on his face. \"I'm English, see-\" he fumbled with his clumsy flight suit, tried to reveal his Royal Air Force wings on the blue uniform beneath it, and failed miserably. He looked up. \"Uh, parlez-vous- um, I'm not a Boche! Okay? I'm English, we're on your side! Look, this is all bloody confusing. Uh- see the elephant suit? I'm not a Boche! They haven't got these! I'm just an innocent bystander, mate!\" \"Non? Pas de Boche?\" the boy asked. Still frightened, but also uncertain. \"No Boche! English! I've got a bloody elephant suit on, see?\" The boy hesitated. \"Eeeen-glish,\" he said, trying the word out. \"No Boche. Eeeen-glish.\" He blinked, confused. \"Elefant?\" \"Yes,\" Henry said, smiling with relief. \"Yes, that's me! English, and I'm wearing a elephant suit!\" \"Pépé!\" the boy suddenly yelled. \"Pépé! Il y a un homme fou ici!\" All right, now what did that mean? \"Nicholas, qu'est-ce qui se passe? Qui est-ce?\" An older man, probably in his fifties or early sixties, was coming up the path towards the house. He was visibly tired, probably from hurrying this way after the shotgun went off. \"Un homme fou, grand-père! Il a atterri ici avec un parachute!\" \"Homme fou?\" the older man said, frowning and peering at Nicholas. He unlatched a wooden gate that led into the backyard- or whatever it was- and headed over to Henry and the boy, whose name, the blond gunner gathered, was Nicholas. \"Hello, sir,\" Henry said in his friendliest voice, turning to the man. \"I'm in the Royal Air Force. Just got shot down.\" It was a shot in the dark, but it hit home. \"You are English?\" the man replied, and Henry nodded emphatically. \"Can you prove it?\" \"I sure can't speak anything else.\" He'd lost all his papers, probably burned up with the plane. The man considered this, looking between Henry and Nicholas. Clearly, he was wondering whom to believe. \"Il dit qu'il n'est pas un Allemand, Pépé,\" the boy added. \"Not a Boche, then, are you?\" the older man asked Henry. \"No,\" Henry said, shaking his head. The man looked steadily at Henry for a few moments, and Henry held still, not wanting to give Nicholas an excuse to use that second round. \"Il n'est pas un Allemand, Nicholas.\" The boy took a few moments to process this, then set the shotgun down. He rushed to Henry and hugged him tightly. The older man walked over and picked the shotgun up out of the grass. \"He is my grandson,\" he said to Henry. \"He was supposed to come here with his parents, but he made it on his own. He has been terrified the Germans will find him here. He was supposed to make it here with them so everyone would be safe, but… it looks as if nowhere will be, soon enough.\" The man fell silent, shaking his head. \"You have a name, boy?\" \"Il a dit que son nom était Millicent Bystander, grand-père.\" The grandfather looked at the boy, then up at Henry, and laughed. \"Your name is Millicent Bystander?\" \"Oui,\" the boy said, and he sounded quite sure of himself. He pointed at Henry and said, \"Millicent Bystander.\" Looking amused, the boy's grandfather laughed and gestured in towards the house. \"We can sort that out later. Here, get inside. We'd better see if we can find you some different clothes.\" \"Thank you, sir,\" Henry said gratefully. \"You may not want thank me if we can't hide you from the Germans. Come on. Let's get inside.\" XX The house was simple, inside and out, but well taken-care of. This family may not have had very much, but they looked after what they had. It was something most anyone could respect, Henry figured. He imagined so, anyway. He came from better than this. He'd made fun of boys who were poor, years ago. But he was in serious trouble now, whatever background he came from. If the Germans found him here, with no papers… they could shoot him as a spy. If he tried to run, somehow make it to the beaches- whichever direction that was- for evacuation before it was too late, his own side might shoot him as a spy. Trigger-happy and nervous riflemen on either side might shoot him. No. Henry was not in any position to be getting self-important or bragging about his beginnings now. He needed to stay alive. Henry was hiding in the cellar, changing into some simple clothes the grandfather- Martin-something, Henry was having a hard time with the name- had given him. \"My youngest son,\" he explained. \"He's a flyer, like you.\" The plain shirt and trousers fit a little loosely, but were close enough to Henry's size that it worked. He folded up his RAF uniform and the ridiculous-looking flight suit that went over it, the \"elephant suit\" that had contained his parachute- which was still hanging from the tree. Not sure what to do with them, he stuffed them in an old set of drawers, along with his uniform shoes. His uniform was hidden and his identity papers were long gone. Henry, for better or for worse, was going to be someone else now. Maybe he could get out of here and make it back to England, some way or another. Maybe. Even now, Henry found he was itching to fight. But he'd have to make sure he wasn't caught by the enemy first. XX It was just starting to get dark. Henry was splitting some logs with an axe out back, helping to feed the fire they'd destroyed the parachute with. The grandfather, Francois Bardot, was helping to translate between Nicholas and Henry. After becoming convinced Henry was not one of the enemy, the twelve-year-old had become cautiously apologetic, even a little curious. He remained certain that \"Millicent Bystander\" was Henry's name, something that amused Henry and Grandfather Bardot as Henry had mentally named him. Nicholas was quickly growing on Henry. He'd never imagined someone who had just tried to kill him would wind up making such a good impression. Though he had to either mime things or talk through Grandfather Bardot, Nicholas was becoming an ordinary lad again, energetic and inquisitive, as he let down his guard around Henry. He talked about how eager he was to fight, though his grandfather did not seem thrilled to have to relay that, and how he wanted the British to come back and beat up the Boche alongside the French. He asked Henry about where he was from, what it was like in England, and why he was in the war. He also apologized more than once for firing the shotgun at Henry. Henry, despite everything, was impressed. This lad had shown courage to rival anyone Henry had ever seen. Confronted with the unknown, with a downed flyer who could well have been the enemy, he'd immediately decided to fight. And after Henry picked up the shotgun and realized the full extent of its weight, the degree to which the weapon had wavered in Nicholas' hands had, he now noticed, been remarkably little. Nicholas proved able to pick up the logs that Henry cut with less trouble than one might have expected, confirming Henry's observation that he was strong for his age. Nicholas had fire in his eyes when he talked about what was going on, and the more Henry saw of him, the more he was sure the Bardot grandson was a fighter. The decision had been made to hide Henry in plain sight, hence Henry was out here and not in the cellar or attic or any number of other places. It might have worked to hide him there, but Henry would have to stay there for some time even if it worked. If they could simply convince someone he was supposed to be around the farm, though, they could keep him here now and, if the chance came, help him escape to England later. When the small gray, canvas-topped car came driving towards the farm, a gray troop truck behind, Henry felt his heart leap into his throat. He held onto the axe and kept swinging, fighting the urge to break and run for it. This was it. They were here. On his own in the middle of the French countryside, having a run-in with Jerry, and not able to speak a word of bloody Frog. This was sure to end nicely. The vehicles pulled to a stop behind the old truck sitting beside the farmhouse, and a squad of soldiers got out of the back of the truck while some important-looking types emerged from the military car-thing in the front. Henry's heart jumped again when he saw they were wearing the double lightning bolts representing the bully boys, the SS. They were bad news, Henry had heard. Of course, right now, any Germans were. Grandfather Bardot called out to them in French- the Jerries started yelling things in German. Rifles were raised and pointed, and Henry quickly put up his hands as a couple of Mauser rifles were aimed in his face. Christ. It didn't need to end here. It couldn't. Right? Nicholas stood frozen for a few moments, but a glance towards the dark-haired youth showed the anger and resentment burning in his eyes. He hated these men in gray, hated that they were marching all over his country. Henry understood him, but right now, that anger- especially so obviously displayed- could land them all in trouble. \"Hande hoch!\" one of the Germans shouted again, and Henry just kept his hands reaching for the sky like he was told. He didn't dare speak, for fear of giving himself away. The dark-haired youth beside him started to move, and several soldiers yelled at him at once. Grandfather Bardot did as well, clearly cautioning him against trying anything. One of the officers approached Henry, a notebook in hand. \"You are English,\" he said in that language, looking right at the blond seventeen-year-old. \"You are a flier. The one that we know landed near this place.\" \"Il n'est pas l'anglais!\" Nicholas protested angrily. The officer glanced at Nicholas and then looked back to Henry. \"And he vouches for you, even. Impressive. But we have someone you know.\" He turned, called out a command, and two more men brought a short, stout little man in a dirty, rumpled RAF uniform around the back of the truck. It was Ives. Of course it was Ives. But Henry managed- somehow- to keep his face straight. The other two officers were watching him carefully, along with the soldiers, and Henry's face only showed fear and uncertainty. It didn't give anything away, didn't reveal the despair he felt, the sorrow at seeing his pilot captured. \"Wot? Wot the bloody hell is it, you sods?\" Ives demanded irritably. \"You got the nerve to treat me like this, now wot is et?\" They hustled him up to Henry, who stared uncomprehendingly down at the little Scotsman. \"This is your friend,\" the SS officer explained patiently. For someone who looked only a few years older than Henry, he sure did have an air of confidence about him. Blond, blue eyes, and a sharp mind from the look of it. A smart Nazi. Wonderful. Henry just shook his head uncertainly. He locked eyes with Ives for just a moment, however, and the two men saw and understood something. Neither one of them was done with Jerry yet. Neither one was through. And Ives, Henry realized, had no intention of letting them have his gunner this easily. \"I never seen this eejit before in my life!\" Ives exclaimed, throwing all his effort into acting thoroughly annoyed. \"Shoot me down, throw me in one a' yer flamin' pee-oh-dubyoo camps, but don't fekkin' bore me! I seen enough Frogs already, man!\" He looked at Henry again. \"So do you like frog legs, mate? Guess so, it's all ya sods eat, innit? God, don't understand wot I'm sayin', do ya? Wot a waste o' time!\" \"That's enough,\" the SS officer ordered. \"You know this man. He is your gunner. Our fighters saw a parachute here when you were shot down.\" \"My gunner don' look nothin' like this bloody eejit!\" \"He is gone, Captain,\" Grandfather Bardot said in English. \"He landed here, stole some of our clothes and possessions, and escaped. He tried to hide his uniforms in our cellar. You will find them there.\" \"I am SS-Obersturmführer Brandt, old man,\" the officer said. \"But thank you for giving me an Army promotion.\" He barked orders, and several men headed inside, no doubt meaning to search the cellar and see if Grandfather Bardot's story held up. Nicholas snarled something at them and started to move again, but an SS trooper pushed him back. Grandfather Bardot spoke cautiously again, clearly trying to get Nicholas' temper under control. Henry wished he could help. Damn him for not being able to speak a word of bloody French! \"I think it's time you said something,\" Brandt said, looking at Henry. \"You've been so quiet. I'd like to hear your opinion. Speak, boy. Tell me your English and I won't have you shot for being out of uniform like this.\" \"How many times I gotta tell ya he's not fekkin' English? I don't recognize him, I ain't seen him a day in my life!\" \"Thank you, Flying Officer Ives,\" the officer said curtly, then looked back to Henry. \"Well? If you're French, parlez-vous Francais?\" Henry just stayed still, terrified and completely fine with showing it. In fact, he played it up just like Ives was doing with anger. Hoping some good would come of it, somehow. \"He is too frightened,\" Grandfather Bardot said. \"You are scaring my grandsons. All we want to do is stay out of this war and you will not leave us in peace.\" \"Your youngest talks quite freely.\" The SS troopers came back then, holding up Henry's uniform and shouting some things. They brought them up to Henry and Brandt said, \"So this is not your uniform?\" He paused, waited patiently, then looked at Grandfather Bardot with an expression of exaggerated tolerance. The old man spoke to Henry, and Henry guessed he was pretending to translate. Praying he was right, Henry shook his head vigorously. Brand spoke back and forth with Bardot in French. The grandfather was worried and trying to explain things, but the SS officer was unconvinced. Right as Brandt started to bark an order- probably ordering his men to grab Henry, from the way some of the troopers started to move toward him- Nicholas exclaimed angrily and slipped past the troopers and went right up to Brandt. He gave the surprised SS officer a shove with both hands, spoke in French, and pointed at the trucks. He pushed again, pointed again, and stood there with his hands on his hips. Brandt drew his sidearm and shouted a warning, but the boy was having none of it. He pushed a third time, pointed a third time. None of the SS men did anything. Like Henry, they couldn't quite believe what they were seeing. The German military was an unstoppable juggernaut right now, or so it seemed. For all anyone knew, the war might end in 1940 with total victory for the Third Reich. And of all the people in the Reich to mess with, the Waffen-SS were absolutely not the guys. Yet here Nicholas was, defying them with apparently no fear at all. He stood there, staring the SS officer down, his message clear. Brandt kept his pistol out, but he did not aim or fire it. He did not issue any orders to his men. At one command, he could have had the boy shot or hauled away. He had that power. But for some reason, Brandt didn't use it. The yard was silent; nobody moved. Finally, the young SS officer surprised everyone by holstering his Luger and starting to laugh. He spoke in German to his troopers and the other officers accompanying him, and although they hesitated a little, they headed back to the vehicles. Ives went with them, loudly complaining about what a waste of time this had been and thanking the SS for finally calling this off. Ives didn't look at Henry or say a word to him. Henry understood. This was no time to say goodbye or wish good luck. To do so in even the slightest manner risked giving the game away. Brandt turned to Grandfather Bardot and said a few words in French, gesturing at Nicholas, who continued to stare insolently up at the SS officer. Obersturmführer Brandt patted him on the shoulder and said something in French, then tried to do the same with Nicholas, who snarled and smacked the SS officer's hand away. Brandt just laughed it off, headed back to his car, and got in. Then, to Henry's shock and amazement, the column of SS vehicles backed away from the farmhouse, turned, and drove away. They did not stop. They did not turn around. The trick had worked. Henry had made it… at least for now. \"You will not be able to stay here,\" Grandfather Bardot said solemnly. \"I know the Germans. They will be back. Maybe not this officer and his men, but other Germans will come. They will keep records on everyone, and sooner or later someone will know you cannot speak French.\" \"So what do I do?\" \"You want to go back to England, yes? To rejoin your countrymen and the fight?\" \"Yes.\" Henry wanted that very much. \"Then I will hide you here for now.\" \"What?\" Henry wasn't sure if he'd heard that right. He couldn't believe his luck. Was he actually going to make it back to England? Was he really going to escape spending the war in a German prison camp? \"I said I will hide you,\" Grandfather Bardot said. \"My grandson and I will. But I do not know if we could get you to a ship. The Germans will be watching the coasts and the Channel.\" Suddenly Henry had an idea. \"Spain. They're not in this, are they?\" \"No,\" Grandfather Bardot said. \"They are staying out so far.\" \"We- I mean, Britain- we've got a… we've got some lads in Gibraltar. And then there's the-the embassy in Madrid, in Spain. Somebody like that!\" \"They could get you back to England,\" Grandfather Bardot said. \"Can you get me to them? Can you help me?\" Nicholas, who had been able to understand only small pieces of the conversation, asked his grandfather something. They spoke rapidly in French for perhaps a minute. Henry heard Nicholas mention \"Millicent\" more than once, so he knew that the conversation at least involved him. Then Grandfather Bardot looked at Henry and said the best thing he possibly could have. \"I know someone who can.\" A/N: 10-25-2017. This is my fourth \"Dunkirk\" story. I had to use Google Translate a lot to get the French parts of the dialogue written, so I apologize for any inaccuracies there. In this story, I get an excuse to talk briefly about one of my favorite British aircraft from when I first began to study World War II around 2004, the Boulton Paul Defiant. The Defiant was a peculiar fighter plane, and why is obvious when you look at it. It had a gun turret with four machine guns attached to it. But the Defiant had no other weapons, and while its resemblance to more typical British fighters of the time- namely the Hawker Hurricane- initially let it give a nasty surprise to German fighters that \"bounced\" or surprise-attacked it from above and to the rear, the Luftwaffe quickly figured out what the Defiant was and changed tactics. Once they saw they were up against a Defiant, German fighters would attack it from what normally were the less ideal directions- namely, the front. Since the Defiant had no guns apart from those in the turret, an enemy would be safe as long as they attacked anywhere the turret could not reach. The weight of the turret and the gunner manning it both slowed the Defiant down, further harming its survivability in combat. The Defiant proved to have some use as a night fighter, namely for intercepting bombers, but losses mounted in daytime operations, and the Defiant was out of main-line use well before the war ended in 1945. Spain was indeed a route that was used for downed Allied airmen to get back to the fighting. Officially neutral and unofficially much friendlier to the Axis powers, Spain had both the British embassy in Madrid and, nearby, the British garrison in Gibraltar. But only the luckier ones made it all the way back to friendly territory. Some were caught by the Spanish and held for the rest of the war. Still, Henry's idea of trying to get to the British embassy in Spain is not a bad one. Once he is in their hands, the Spanish authorities wouldn't be able to touch him. ","Summary":" The Fighter The chute opened just a few seconds after Henry cleared the Defiant's turret. He had be"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"The Brother","Author":"90TheGeneral09","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12641085","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Brother There wasn't a lot of time left. The train was going to leave soon, and as many British servicemen as it was going to be moving, the station platform was filled with young men in uniform, with older men saying their goodbyes, with younger brothers saying final farewells of their own. There was none of the cheering and shouting that had accompanied the outbreak of the Great War in 1914. As Britain mobilized her forces for war, the mood was one of grim resolve, of \"Let's get this over with.\" War had not been officially declared between the British Empire and Germany, but everyone knew it was just a matter of time. When Germany invaded Poland on 1 September 1939, His Majesty's government, at the direction of the Prime Minister, issued an ultimatum ordering the Greater German Reich to cease all offensive military operations within 48 hours or suffer the consequences. Peter Dawson remembered the mood at home when the news of war breaking out was broadcast on the wireless. He remembered that Dad had been grim, sure that this would be neither quick nor easy. \"We all thought that in the last war,\" he said. \"Anyone who thinks this one'll be any better- they'll find out soon enough.\" James, on the other hand, had been relieved, if anything. After years of military buildup by Germany, after years of sitting and watching that man Hitler become a greater and greater menace while the British government did nothing, the outbreak of war was a change of pace and policy. With all the efforts of the appeasement factions having failed, with Chamberlain's own attempts to make a deal with Herr Hitler having proven a complete waste of time, now the situation was clear. James didn't entertain for a minute the idea that anything would come of the ultimatum. \"The Nazis won't listen,\" James predicted. \"Hitler won't listen. Why should he? Took until Poland got kicked in the bollocks for Chamberlain to realize he had any.\" \"James,\" Dad had said in a warning tone. \"It's true, Dad,\" James said defensively. \"No reason for that kind of language.\" \"Yes, Dad.\" The tall, handsome RAF flight lieutenant lowered his head slightly in apology. \"What's going to happen?\" George, the boy who was always visiting the Dawson house on any excuse or none, had asked anxiously. He was always looking up to James and Peter, trying to impress them. \"I don't know,\" James said. \"But at least now we get to do something.\" That was yesterday. Only yesterday. Just another day previous, 31 August, Europe and the world had still been at peace. Forty-eight hours ago. It seemed like a whole other life. Peter wasn't sure how to feel about this. No. 1 Squadron, Royal Air Force, the oldest of the RAF's squadrons, was to be deployed across the Channel to the Continent. James would be flying his Hawker Hurricane fighter alongside all his mates in No. 1 Squadron, and as swiftly as Germany was moving, Peter knew it would not be long before James' squadron engaged the enemy. He just wasn't sure how he was supposed to feel about that. Despite looking similar enough, James and Peter only had so much in common. James was quite good at a great many things. Deckhand and fisherman, dock-worker and sailor, Royal Air Force College cadet and fighter pilot, football player and swimmer, runner and scholar. James excelled at those things and then some. He was very, very good at many things, yes, but he was also very, very aware of it. His letters home had become a little windy and vainglorious, and his steady reading of Shakespeare was definitely not helping matters there. James was good enough at football that it seemed like no one could beat him, and any team he played on rarely lost. If they did, his nerve and skill ensured that they always went down fighting, making the other side pay for the victory. Before James had finished at the Duke of York's Royal Military School, the staff and students there had begun to speculate that he might one day play for England. He was that good. When he was home, James devoted more of his time to talking to Dad. He'd been getting more serious about that in the past months, and had insisted on running Dad and Peter through the drills of evading a strafing attack by an enemy aircraft on the rare times he was able to join them out on the Moonstone. George had been fascinated and amazed at how well James demonstrated every aspect of the necessary maneuvers, how he described just how an enemy pilot would pick out a flight path when he came in to attack. Peter had paid attention, and Dad certainly had as well. Hopefully they'd never need to use any of that knowledge, but it had been good of James to try and pass that on. However, it still left the fact that James and Peter hadn't really talked all that much in years. There was always something else going on. Always some other piece of business for James to get to first. So why did he feel tense and worried? Why, after years of being made nigh-invisible by the shining light cast by James E.R. Dawson, did Peter find himself worrying that James might not come back? It was hard to make any sense of it. Peter hoped the war would end quickly and James would come home and it could all get sorted out then. But, deep down, he had a sense that this would not end easily or quickly. James, brave and skilled, would not shy away from danger when he crossed over to the Continent, and the enemy would be creating danger aplenty. No small number of chances waited for a man too brave to run away or hide to get himself killed. Peter didn't think James was stupid or foolhardy, not really. But he knew James would probably refuse any chance he got to save his own skin if it meant turning down a chance to stand up for someone else. The Luftwaffe was supposed to be damn near invincible. Didn't James know that? Didn't he know that the bloody fools in the RAF's Fighter Command might as well have been ordering him to his death? \"Something's bothering you, Peter,\" Dad remarked. \"I'm fine, Dad.\" \"That's what you want me to think, son. But we both know different.\" \"Let him be, Dad,\" James said. \"Everyone's on edge.\" \"Maybe Hitler'll stop 'cos Chamberlain told him to,\" George piped up speculatively. \"Maybe there'll be peace.\" James gave a short, sharp bark of laughter, drawing some curious looks from some soldiers nearby, who were probably wondering if the Royal Air Force officer wasn't a bit mad. \"George,\" James said, \"Chamberlain let Hitler go on like he was doing for years. He's only acting now because Hitler forced him to. Left him no choice but to fight.\" His voice turned bitter and angry. \"Tosser'd probably sell us all up the bloody river in five minutes if he thought it'd give him another chance to proclaim 'Peace in our time.'\" \"He's still your boss, James,\" Dad said. \"Don't remind me, Dad,\" James replied. He sighed. \"I'll follow my orders and that's that. Not like I have a choice.\" \"Will it really go on all that long?\" George asked. \"I mean, what if it ends real fast and a lot of people don't get to fight?\" James smiled, shaking his head, and glanced down at the dark-haired youth. \"Anyone you know worried the war's gonna end too fast, George?\" \"Um, no. But-\" The tall, blond officer set a hand on George's shoulder. \"Don't worry, George. I think you'll get to have all the war you want.\" \"I don't like this,\" Peter said suddenly. \"Couldn't we have avoided this?\" \"I'm sure we could have, Peter,\" Dad replied. \"But that's not how it happened.\" A train conductor came pushing through the crowd, calling directions as he went. Officers were to go to the first three cars, enlisted men to the others. He noticed James and said, \"You'd better get a move on, Flight Lieutenant. I've word the RAF is keen to get going. Best not miss this train and get left behind.\" \"Yes, sir,\" James said, reacting as if a higher-ranking officer had spoken to him. He started to walk towards the steps on one of the forward cars, but stopped and turned back. The moment they'd all been stalling on, trying to avoid, was coming. No, it was here. The train's whistle blew, signaling it was preparing to leave. All at once, James' restrained manner faded around the edges, and he showed real concern as he looked at his father. \"Son,\" Dad said, holding out his hand. \"Dad,\" James replied, taking it. \"I'll come back, Dad,\" James said, his voice strong with emotion, with conviction. \"I'll be back. I promise.\" \"I know you will, James,\" Dad said. \"Don't go and try to be a hero. Just do your job and leave it there.\" \"Yes, Dad,\" James said. \"I will, Dad.\" A private passing by bumped into the group then, and as he did so knocked James' bag strap off his shoulder. The duffel fell to the ground, and the private tripped, the ID card and ticket he'd been holding tumbling out of his hands. The young man scrambled up to his feet. \"Oh, sorry about that, flyboy.\" Then his eyes came up and he noticed the insignia of an officer. \"S-sir. Sorry, sir.\" The soldier was the same age as Peter, it looked like- maybe two years younger than James. And yet the two were far apart in rank and occupation. Army private and Air Force officer, infantryman and flyer. And yet they were both set to board the same train, bound to get them going towards the same ultimate destination- to go fight in the same war. But James was not in the mood to go berating anybody. Certainly not today, not now. He just smiled to show it was all right, and said, \"Nothing to worry about, Private-\" James glanced down at the identification card and ticket that George picked up and handed to him- \"Thomas Benson. Hope you get some rest on the train ride. It's likely the last we'll be getting in a long while.\" \"Yes, sir,\" Private Benson answered. Even though all was officially forgiven, he looked nervous. Maybe he was nervous about bumping into an officer of another service along with his family- hardly an auspicious way to start the war. Maybe he was worried James would act as if all was well now and then turn up later, bent on ruining his career. Or maybe he was just worried. James handed him his papers and bag back, wished him good luck, and the private quickly disappeared into the crowd, clearly relieved. The brief distraction over, James turned and looked at his brother. For the first time in years, the elder son seemed to genuinely notice his brother, and Peter thought he saw some kind of look in James' eyes. Regret, remorse- for overlooking his brother for so many years, maybe, for always being too busy to pay him much attention? James had seemed so fond of himself that Peter had gotten rather used to assuming that was who he was. \"Keep that promise to Dad,\" Peter said tersely, and held out his hand. James took it, and Peter said it again. \"Keep it. You've given your word now.\" \"I will,\" James repeated, surprised at the strength in Peter's voice. \"I won't forgive you if you lie to us.\" \"Peter-\" James said, and here he hesitated. James swallowed and looked away, and when he looked back, Peter saw something in his eyes. It was something he'd never expected or believed he'd see in James, never imagined he'd see from him. Sterling, tough, dependable, honest brave and true. That was how James had always appeared, the way he'd always presented himself. For years Peter had convinced himself that wasn't how it really was, that James was just the most self-glorifying bloke in the Empire. But somewhere along the way he must've started to believe the myth himself, because Peter could not believe the simple and unmistakably human thing he was seeing now. James was scared. The train whistle blew again, and the conductors renewed hollering at the remaining men in uniform to hurry up, hurry up, get on the train, we've got places to be. The look quickly passed from James' expression, and he shouldered his bag with renewed determination. \"Take care of yourself, Peter,\" James said respectfully, this time holding out his hand first. Peter took it, and they shook hands. James then headed to board the train, and George called out, \"But what about me?\" \"A moment, please!\" James called as he got aboard, and already some of his usual cocky, overconfident manner was returning. The man was reasserting the myth, protecting his image once more. James disappeared a few moments, then came back into view as he took up the last few square inches of space by one of the windows. He stuck his head out, and took off his blue officer's hat. Taking a moment to gauge the distance, James threw it to George, who just managed to catch it. \"Should you really be giving away pieces of your uniform, James?\" Dad asked. \"I'll get another one, Dad!\" James replied easily, with a light-hearted, easy tone that said he didn't have a care in the world. With another blast of the whistle and a lot of huffing and puffing, the engine began to move. Slowly, very slowly, it started to roll out of the station. The windows of the train were all down on one side, and it seemed as if every man aboard was at one, waving and calling out farewells to loved ones. \"Come on, cheer up, you lot!\" James called out. \"I'll be fine! I promise! I'll even leave some so George can get his chance to show Jerry the what-for!\" \"Look after yourself,\" Peter and Dad half-shouted at the same time, now having to raise their voices and be heard over the sound of the engine. A moment later George said it, too. James laughed and grinned. \"When have I ever done otherwise?\" The steam locomotive's chuffing grew louder as it picked up speed, and James contented himself with waving from inside the train until he was out of sight. Scared though he was, James was determined to look the part assure everyone that everything would be fine. As the train sped out of the station, Peter looked at one of the station's clocks. Beside him George held onto the Royal Air Force dress hat, holding it as if he could not bear to let it go. Just after ten in the morning. They had gotten up, eaten breakfast, gone over to the station, and James had boarded his train. Peter focused on remembering James, on remembering every detail of his appearance, of his uniform. How talented he was and how hard he had worked as a boy so he could be an aviator as a man. Peter spent the next several hours remembering those few pleasant days, here and there, where James had actually found time for his brother, and how he'd seemed to really enjoy being a kind of mentor to troubled, uncertain George over the past few years. More than anything else, though, Peter resolved to remember James' brief admission that, underneath the talent and daring and chivalry, beneath the bombast and the glory-seeking, James was human. That he felt fear and worried about things just like anyone else. Peter resolved to remember that confirmation of humanity in his brother. To not forget that James E.R. Dawson cared and maybe just didn't know quite how to show it to Peter, even if he was able to show it to Dad. It might be important to recall those things about James, Peter reasoned. And as it turned out, he was right. That morning of 2 September, 1939 was the last time Peter ever saw him. A/N: 9-4-2017. My third \"Dunkirk\" story and the seventh for this website. As the person who asked for the \"Dunkirk\" fandom to be created, I am glad to see the attention it has gotten. I have never seen a war movie that impressed me more. There are others that have a bigger, more strategic-level scale. It can be hard to compare this one to epics like \"A Bridge Too Far\" and \"Patton.\" But the point of \"Dunkirk\" was not to upstage those films, or to be the same kind of work of art as they are. The point, I believe, was to tell a story- a work of fiction, yes, but one based closely on and dealing directly with events that actually happened. And that Nolan was definitely successful with. A few remarks on some things. \"Thomas Benson\" is the first and last name designated for \"Tommy\" by HuffleSnuffler. HS also came up with the first name and the two middle initials for Peter Dawson's older brother. The character of Mr. Dawson, and his unseen older son, are based off Charles Lightoller, second officer aboard the RMS Titanic and a Royal Navy officer in World War I. Lightoller's personal boat Sundowner was requisitioned by the Royal Navy to assist in the troop evacuations at Dunkirk, and Lightoller decided to take her out and do it himself. Together with one of his sons and a young Sea Scout, Lightoller brought back 130 servicemen on a boat licensed to carry 21 passengers. He also evaded gunfire from a strafing German plane on the way back, using a technique taught to him by his youngest son, who was in the Royal Air Force and died during a bombing raid over Wilhemshaven, on September 4, 1939, three days into the war and one day after Britain's declaration of war against Germany on September 3. I used the date format of Day/Month/Year in the story itself since that is the customary format in the United Kingdom. ","Summary":" The Brother There wasn't a lot of time left. The train was going to leave soon, and as many British"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Lay It On Me","Author":"cuter-than-a-guinea-pig","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12873102","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The breeze was bitter. If you could even call it a breeze. It howled off the Channel, comprised of the cries and desperation of the boys trapped across it. It was cold. Back in northern France it had started to feel like summer, the evening breeze light as it danced through the warmth left behind by the setting sun. They weren't in France anymore though. They had pulled out weeks ago, fleeing back over the Channel as the Germans advanced through Belgium. And the reality of the imminent defeat whipped through the air demanding to be felt by every soldier who had allowed it to happen. Gone were the quite twilights perched on the low stone wall that surround the makeshift airfield north of Paris where their growing losses easily drifted away over the gentle hills and the small village on the wisp of the tobacco smoke. It had been easy then to trick himself into thinking this was a repeat of the Great War. Germany acting as the aggressor. Britain standing by France, her colonies in close succession. Troops of their nations amassed on eastern French boarder, waiting. And at last, the advance through Belgium. Everyone had waited and watched then for the great dig in, where the infamous trenches of this war would be formed. What field would be fought over for the following four years. But the tanks had rolled closer and closer. There was no time to dig. And soon, as the British Air Force evacuated ahead on the ground troops, the winds had shifted. \"Sir.\" A young man appeared before him, boots together, back stiff, chin up, right hand raised against his brow in salute. \"Yes corporal.\" \"Command wishes to see you.\" He dismissed the boy. \"Just had to interrupt my smoke, didn't they,\" he said, holding a limp, un-lit cigarette between his teeth. Collins looked at him with an amused grin. The wind had snuffed it out each time he lit it. He had given up, hunched his shoulders in a pout and stuffed his hands under his armpits to shield them from the wind. Collins had suggested they go back in. He had agreed. And then they had both remained sitting right where they were. \"You going to leave me all alone to freeze out here.\" \"Write your girl a letter. Keep your mind occupied.\" He winked and walked off back towards the airfield where a mission was waiting for him. He was glad of that at least. It wasn't any sort of foolish heroism where he was itching to single handily turn the war around and send Hitler cowering into exile on the heels of Kaiser Bill. It was more about keeping busy, keeping his thoughts at bay, thoughts about all the boys that had already died, about all the boys pouring onto the beaches, hundreds by the hour, with no where else to go, about the looming day when King George would board a carrier and flee across the Atlantic just as Queen Wilhelmina had fled across the Channel. He had never fancied himself a 'for King and Country' kind of guy. The growing storm was changing that though. It was changing a lot of things. \"We're going back. Dunkirk,\" he said walking into the barracks. Collins looked up at him where he sat in his bunk. \"Cover for the evacuation.\" \"How many of us?\" The thoughts swooped back in as the canvas roof rattled above them. Not enough. That was the answer. They were saving them, the pilots, the planes, the ammunition, the boats, what remained of the British war arsenal, to defend the island, the last great stronghold. And in some twisted bout of irony, that decision left those they were willing to gamble with worse odds, practically guaranteeing they would be sacrificed. He was a pilot though. They made their own fighting chance, commanders of their own war. Collins nodded absently. His mind in some similar death spiral. He sat down across from him, on his own bunk, gave his shin a light kick. \"O-five hundred.\" \"Here,\" Collins said, his eyes refocusing again and reaching for an envelope on the small table between their bunks. \"I took your advice,\" he shrugged, eyes a little rounder, a little bluer than Farrier remembered. \"I'll make sure it gets there,\" he answered. He watched Collins watch him take it and carefully place it in the breast pocket of his jacket. He looked so young again. In France he had aged. In good way, grown confident and skilled, and into a pilot Farrier wanted on his wing. But now it looked like they had never left Dover, like he was back running classes and drills for the new recruits and Collins was among them, looking eager and oddly alone amongst his peers. He wanted to reach out and pull Collins into him, to hold him. Instead, he folded his jacket back over the end of his bunk and lay down. He watched the canvas roof ripple in the wind and tried to find comfort in the rhythm of the storm set on a course of destruction. He couldn't stop the shake in his hand or the way his eyes darted back and forth over the grey stone walls unable to relax, desperate for stimuli. He could feel the blood pulsing through his veins, up his legs, up his arms, in the tips of his fingers and toes. They tingled and twitched and refused to give him peace, even in the dead of night. It left him exhausted and yet his mind raced turning closer and closer to delirium. It was weird that way. The stutter of his engine, followed by its silence, hadn't unhinged him like this. His eyes had moved instinctively to the propeller spinning rapidly in front of him, the three blades blurred into one translucent grey whirl. And he had watched as the grey grew deeper, the individual blades forming out of mid air, like he was looking through the lens of a camera, stepping closer, bringing them into focus. He watched them slow, each blade taking seconds longer to pass in front of him than the previous. His breathing fell into their rhythm, slowing, as did his heart beat until the final blade remained in his sight. Still. Only wavering in the wind. He was no longer flying then. He was gliding. Down was the only direction he could go. But there were others flying. Enemy planes in the sky poised to pelt defenceless soldiers below with bullets that would tear flesh from bone, children from parents, souls from this earth. Sinking further into his seat, he had banked, losing more altitude, steering directly into the line of fire. He had had one shot, one pass at the German Wulf and then he would have been too low and yet he had never been calmer. He lined up the shot, fired, watched the Wulf spin out of the sky, and realigned himself with beach, blackened by the uniforms of the thousands of waiting troops. At first that was all he could see, the sea of black stretched up to meet the blue sky. And he looked up then, away from the boys he could no longer save, up into cyan abyss that reminded him so much of the eyes of another. Another he had failed to. It could have been both relief and horror when the mass of troops finally gave way to sand. He felt neither though. He remained centered. It was like he was back in Dover teaching the new recruits: find a runway, keep the plane level, check the hatch, lower the landing gear, hold firm, don't think about anything but grounding yourself. And then set it all up in flames. That's the image that haunts him now, the orange glow of the of the fire burning through his plane. The German soldiers had emerged over the dunes, out of the night cast in black, the fire snatching up all the light and turning it to smoke. They yelled commands that he could not hear over the roar of the flames. He couldn't hear anything over fire. The waves crashing just beyond his feet, reaching for him, beckoning home, could have been on the other side of a desert. That was it. The new front had been drawn on the sands of Dunkirk and he had landed on the wrong side of it. He had followed orders, followed protocol, followed his instinct and conscious and he came through it in tact, body and mind, ready to accept his fate. That fate refused to come though and now, now that he was captured, and locked in a cell with no hope of escape, now was when his mind began its tailspin to oblivion. There was chatter down the cell block. \"Letters,\" he heard, \"The Red Cross.\" The shuffle of feet soon followed as men in other cells moved to their bar doors. Farrier's eyes blinked and widened. His hand raised to his chest, slowly, as if waiting for the second memory, the one where he had moved the letter to his pack, left it in his bunk, or Collins had taken it back. He patted the front of his jacket. The edges of the envelope pushed back against his fingers. He slipped his fingers into reached into the pocket and pulled it out. One of the corners was bent. He worked his thumb and forefinger over the crumpled point to flatten it, an attempt to repair what was broken. There was a chance of course, a chance Collins was still alive. The landing had been smooth and there had been hundreds of boats in the Channel. War was not the time to bet on chances though. A guard walked past holding open a burlap sack. Farrier remained seated. The envelope wasn't addressed to anyone, not even a name. He smiled faintly to himself, part of him grateful for the error. It gave him the excuse to open it, read it. See his handwriting again. Maybe even hear his voice again. Maybe find some light in love Collins had expressed for the intended reader. He slipped his forefinger under the seal and slowly pealed up he flap, carefully so that it could be resealed. He pulled out the piece of paper and unfolded it. The first word made him pause. Farrier, He blinked his sore, tired eyes over his name again and again in disbelief. The letters blurred in and out of focus but always returned to the same form. Farrier. His thumb reached up to touch the long-dried, ink. The letter was meant for him. He took a breath before reading on. I know I'm doing this wrong. I guess I'm doing a lot of things wrong. I've gone and got myself killed for one. Or maybe that's what a soldier is supposed to do. It's hard to tell sometimes what they actually expect from us. To be heroes or bullet fodder. You would say it was both. That they use us like pawns for a greater reason but that any feat, no matter how small, could be heroic. That's why you're going to make it through this. It was always grey to you and you've long found a way to navigate it. A true Londoner, I suppose, used to the smog. I'm already beginning to feel lost in it. Sometimes I feel so lost that I think you are all I have left. Is that a second? Probably. I don't think you would think so though. Don't suppose it matters at this point. In a way though it should matter more than anything else. Why does this terrify me more than flying into enemy fire. Maybe because I know you'll be at my side in the air but may not once we're back on the ground. And that, Farrier, would be a fate worse than anything I could have possibly suffered. Maybe this is number three. Maybe I've gotten it all wrong. Maybe those nights in France, staring out over the little village, your eyes weren't scanning the cottages for the one perfect for us to grow old in. The answer to that by the way was the one by the creek with the apple tree and the blue door. Where the postman's wife lived. Do you think he'll make it back to her? Do you think she'll recognize him if he does? If he was like you, she would. You'll make it back, you'll make it home and you'll guide the way for all those around you. Because you never did anything wrong. Even living in all that grey. And that was always a comfort weather I was in the air with you or sharing a cigarette with you outside the airfield in France, watching your gaze settle on the house by the creek. Because if it was you I loved, how lost could I really have been? Be with you is the skies Always Collins The walls of the cell disappeared as he read. The unintelligible shouts of German guards were silenced. His eyes and mind focused solely on the messy scrawl. He could picture the shake in Collins' hand as he wrote it and that seemed to stop his own. When he finished, he read it again, and again, his thumb moving from tracing the letters of his name, to ones in loved and always , and finally to Collins' own, getting lost in the curl of the C and the loop of the Ls. He fell into a trance of sorts. The first peace his mind had known since his boots had stepped back onto the continent. In another circumstance the letter may have tortured him, a profession of love too late. A young man gone from the world, his mind lost and in turmoil. And he was the answer, the answer to all of it. If only lined up quicker, shot quicker. If he had only dug a little further within himself he could have assured him that he wasn't wrong and he wasn't lost, he was right where he was meant to be. Those thoughts had the potential to drive a person mad. Instead of suffocating him though, Farrier found it easier to breathe. Collins may have died in uncertainty but he no longer had to live with it. What they had shared, however fleeting and however subtle had been real. There was something grounding about that. Something hopeful. Something peaceful. Something that made him both want to survive and make it home but also made him okay with whatever fate the dark, damp cell had for him. His dog tags still hung from his neck but with his plane in ash it was okay to leave the fight to others. It was okay to look beyond his duty as a soldier. And now there was something to reach out to in the dark, a civilian life that had existed in brief moments between shared cigarettes and could one day, maybe, be found again. It was okay to look beyond the war. It was okay to look home. It was okay to look towards the hundreds of boats that had been in the Channel that day. The orange flames that burned his eyes subsided that night and gave way to a soothing blue, the blue of the cottage door, the blue of the clear, open sky, the blue of his eyes. And he slept then. The first night in weeks. ","Summary":" The breeze was bitter. If you could even call it a breeze. It howled off the Channel, comprised of "},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Pantai yang Sekarat","Author":"bananaprincess","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12609932","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Pantai yang Sekarat . Dunkirk (2017) ditulis, diproduseri, dan disutradarai oleh Christopher Nolan . Jika ini adalah pantai terakhir yang kulihat, aku ingin dia menjadi biru. Biru yang jernih, membentang dari sepanjang mata memandang. Dengan pasir yang putih. Angin yang menderu mendayu. Dan kamu, Liz, kamu akan berbaring di sampingku, di bawah matahari bulan Juni. Kini, di sisiku terbaring yang lain. Maaf, Liz. Dia mengaku dari pinggiran London. Dia menyebutkan kota yang ada pada daftar impian kita itu, lalu dia membisu, tatapannya membeku pada langit yang menyebar kelabu. Semua di sini abu-abu. Bahkan rerumputan tinggi yang menyembunyikan aku. Warna pada tubuh mereka luntur. Hancur. Seperti kota di belakangku yang lumat karena mortir dan peluru. Jika ini adalah pantai terakhir yang kulihat, aku ingin membaui aroma laut. Asin garam. Bau pasir yang basah. Wangi rambutmu yang baru dicuci dengan sampo. Manis lenganmu yang dilapis losion. Semua itu kini semakin samar, Liz. Kecut jeruk diganti pekat mesiu. Mawar yang menggairahkan disubtitusi dengan busuk luka. Pekat teh yang menyegarkan terhapus oleh anyir darah. Kucium semua dari yang berbaring di sampingku, Liz. Dia mengaku berasal dari Somerset. Satu per satu menghilang. Satu demi satu tumbang. Nelangsanya pantai ini jika harus berakhir jadi kuburan, Liz. Yang abu-abu semaking murung. Yang mendung, hujannya akan segera turun. Namun, apa yang dapat menghalangi kematian? Tidak ada, Liz. Mereka semakin dekat. Mereka siap menyergap. Di sini, aku tersendat, melambat, kehilangan harap. Jika ini adalah pantai terakhir yang kulihat, aku ingin mendengar suaramu sambil menatap matamu yang selezat karamel. Akan kubacakan Emma untukmu. Dan jika kamu tidak keberatan, dua cangkir earl grey. Untukku biarkan polos, untukmu akan kutuangkan susu yang nikmat. Aku mengecap rasa yang tertinggal di antara lidahku, Liz. Akan tetapi, yang kutemukan hanya asin dari mulut yang tersayat. Hanya tawar dari liur yang kian mengental. Aku haus, Liz. Haus akan kehangatanmu. Aku menyimpan potretmu di saku kanan. Aku melipatnya hingga lusuh. Hingga warna-warnanya terkelupas dan tersisa abu-abu. Aku ingin pulang, Liz. Di antara kita ada ombak dan lautan. Yang sempat sejenak berbaring di sampingku hari sebelumnya, mengaku datang dari Kent. Dia bilang jika kami tak bisa pulang ke rumah, mereka yang akan datang menjemput. Dia banyak bicara dan tertawa. Aku terhibur. Tapi dia juga yang menyerah. Lelah menunggu, dia menyambut lautan: ' Aku akan pulang dengan berenang. ' Aku tidak pernah mendengarnya lagi. Tidak pula lautan menceritakan aku tentang keberaniannya melintasi selat yang membatasi tanah ini dan rumah. Juni di Dunkirk segalanya kelabu, Liz. Orang-orang duduk berdekatan. Membalut badan dengan selimut yang usang. Ada yang bilang kami akan diselamatkan. Lucu ya, berangkat dengan gagah, tapi pulang harus dijemput dengan kekalahan. Semua saling menguatkan. Berbaris seperti ular yang lunglai. Yang paling depan bilang, sudah tampak cerobong kapal yang akan mengangkut. Orang-orang berbicara lagi meski lirih. Kemudian, secepat itu saja, angin memberangus suara-suara. Stuka-stuka membidik. Menghujankan amunisi-amunisi dari langit. Laras-laras senjata teracung. Lempar granat. Lempar pelor dan bayonet. Suaramu hangus. Tawamu tinggal abu. Telingaku cuma menangkap desing peluru. Pasir di bawah kaki bergejolak. Bumi bergerak. Kota yang nyaris mati berubah menjadi hantu. Liz, Liz, ini mungkin pantai terakhir yang akan aku lihat. Tidak biru. Tidak berpasir putih. TIdak ada punggungmu yang semanis mawar. Debam. Debum. Dentam. Dentum. Alex, ayo cepat, kapal sudah mendekat. Dentam. Dentum. Dentum. . . Catatan penulis : sebelumnya cerita ini aku terbitkan di storial dot co untuk #NulisKilat tema fiksi historis. ","Summary":" Pantai yang Sekarat . Dunkirk (2017) ditulis, diproduseri, dan disutradarai oleh Christopher Nolan "},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"Teacher Byun - CHANBAEK","Author":"strawberrymilk04","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13253439","Passage":"[Chapter 1] WARNING THIS IS STORY ABOUT GAY/YAOI CONTENT. IF YOU DON'T LIKE THIS STORY? DON'T READ AND GO IT •Chanbaek Fanfiction Present• •Main Character : Park Chanyeol Byun Baekhyun• •Support Cast : Search on story• Terlihat sesosok namja manis itu sedang tergesa-gesa menuju kamar mandi. Bagaimana tidak? Hari ini Ia bangun kesiangan dan tepat hari ini,Hari pertamanya menjadi seorang Guru di Loey high School. \"Oh sial,kenapa aku bisa kesiangan? Dasar ayam pabo! Kenapa kau tidak berkokok?\" Geramnya pada diri sendiri dan memarahi ayam tetangga seolah olah itu kesalahan ayam. Oh padahal salah dia sendiri yang tidak mendengar alarm yang berbunyi sedari tadi. Lagipula dia tinggal diApartemen. Dan mana ada orang yang memelihara Ayam di daerah kawasan Apartemen itu.Namja itu bernama Byun baekhyun Jadi,yang bodoh disini siapa? ㅋㅋ Baekhyun buru-buru mengambil tas lalu keluar dari Apartemen dan tidak lupa menguncinya.Ia berjalan sedikit berlari menuju lift dan memencetnya tidak sabaran. \"Ayolah,kenapa lama sekali eoh?\" Baekhyun berujar sambil melirik jam yang melingkar ditangannya.Dia panik,sungguh. Setelah lift terbuka Baekhyun berlari menuju keluar dan memanggil taksi. Selama perjalanan Ia berdoa agar baik-baik saja. Meskipun tidak (?) Tiga orang Namja itu terlihat berjalan dengan angkuhnya melewati koridor. Terlihat beberapa Yeoja yang menatap memuja kepada tiga Namja itu.Bukan hanya yeoja,Namun para namja pun ada yang memandang dengan terpesona bahkan ada yang memandangnya dengan iri. Cih, Siapa yang tidak mengenal mereka bertiga? Salah satu yang tertinggi diantara mereka merupakan anak dari pemilik sekolah Loey ini. Dia adalah Park Chanyeol Lalu yang selalu setia berada di sisi kanan dan kirinya merupakan sahabat baik dari Park Chanyeol itu. Namja berkulit Kopi-Susu itu adalah Kim Jongin dan Oh Sehun. Kopi bukan artian dalam hitam seperti arang.tetapi,siswa/i disekolah Loey itu mengartikan Namja berkulit Kopi itu Tan. Ukuran kulit yang gelap di korea selatan. Ok,aku tidak harus menjelaskan secara rinci bukan?kalian juga mengerti apa maksudku. \"Hyung, Lihatlah yeoja cingumu sedang berjalan kearah mu \" Namja berkulit Tan itu berucap dan menunjuk dengan mengangkat dagunya kearah seorang yeoja. Namun nada bicaranya dibuat buat \"Cih, siapa peduli. Dia itu murahan sama dengan yang lainnya.Dan berhentilah berbicara dengan nada seperti itu.menjijikan \" Balas Namja tinggi dengan acuhnya.Kai hanya mencebikan mulutnya \"sudah kubilang kau itu tidak ada imut-imutnya hitam \" Namja yang berkulit putih itu menyahuti. \"Yak Oh sehun!!!\" Geram kai \"Chanyeol,Apakah nanti sepulang kau mau menemaniku belanja?\" yeoja bernama Rose itu meraih tangan Chanyeol dengan manjanya dan mendongak kan kepala nya. Chanyeol menjawabnya dengan gumaman tanpa menoleh kearah yeoja chingunya itu. \"Chagi-ya?Kau mau kan? Mau?\"Lagi-lagi chanyeol hanya bergumam. Rose tiba tiba berdiri dihadapan Chanyeol dan berjinjit lalu melumat bibir tebal Chanyeol.Chanyeol yang mendapatkan itu membalas lumatan rose lalu membawanya kesalah satu bilik yang kebetulan dekat dari tempat mereka berada. Sehun yang Jengah melihat hal itu jengah lalu berjalan mendahului mereka tak memperdulikan Kai yang ia tinggal. Kai yang kebetulan sedang menggoda yeoja-yeoja berada disana menoleh kearah temannya yang sudah tak ada ditempatnya.Kai menangkap punggung Sehun yang mengecil-berjalan mendahului- itu hanya mendesah pelan. \"Kenapa Nasibku selalu ditinggalkan? Sudah biasa... Diriku ditinggalkan dududududu oh yeah ah\" Gumam kai dmelanjutkan langkahnya menuju kelas menyusul Sehun. Disisi lain ... \"Enghhh Chanyeol...\"Desah Yeoja rose itu kala merasakan lidah chanyeol membelit lidahnya dan tangan Chanyeol bergerilya mengusap paha rose. Hey siapa yang tidak terangsang ketika digoda?dia ini lelaki normal. Seakan tersadar sesuatu tiba-tiba chanyeol melepaskan ciumannya sepihak dan menjauhi rose.lalu berjalan keluar toilet sambil membenahi seragamnya. \"Ck,jalang itu membuatku susah saja\"rutuk Chanyeol \"Hey hey,kudengar ada seorang seongsaenim baru ya? \"ucap yeoja yang tidak jauh dari Chanyeol \"Benarkah? Apakah dia muda? Tampan? atau cantik?\" sahut yeoja lainnya yang berada disitu \"Yak mana ku tahu. Tapi aku berharap dia tidak seperti songsaenim sebelumnya dengan mencari gara-gara\" balas yeoja tadi dengan wajah murah. Temannya pun hanya mengangguk mengiyakan Chanyeol yang mendengarkan percakapan itu pun menghiraukannya bak angin lalu dan berjalan menuju kelas dengan malas.Hei jangan berfikir jika Chanyeol itu anak yang suka bolos.ckckck Annyeong... sebenernya cerita ini aku juga publish di wattpad. jdi kalo emang itu sama? berarti itu memang punya aku. jadi juga maap ya buat cast rose jadi jahat. dia ga beneran jahat kok. dia baik. aku ga benci sama rose. bahkan aku suka suara dia pas nyanyi. aku cuma ga suka aja gitu ama chanrose shipper yang halunya pengen banhet ditimpuk pake asbak. herman :') ","Summary":" WARNING THIS IS STORY ABOUT GAY/YAOI CONTENT. IF YOU DON'T LIKE THIS STORY? DON'T READ AND GO IT •C"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"SORRY","Author":"Ahn Chaerin","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12858123","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Bagaimana para saksi sah?\" \"SAH!\" SORRY Flashback on \"Ma... Aku gak mau nikah sama dia, apa-apaan sih... Aku cinta sama Rose. Masa aku harus nikah sama perempuan sebatang kara itu.\" Perempuan sebatang kara yang dimaksud Chanyeol itu Chaerin. Chaerin adalah anak piatu. Ayahnya meninggalkan dia sendirian sejak ibunya, dan kabarnya sudah menikah lagi dengan wanita lain. Dia anak satu-satunya. Selama ini dia bekerja sebagai pelayan di kafe. Kalau dilihat-lihat, sebenarnya Chaerin itu lumayan cantik. Rambutnya lurus pendek sebahu, hidungnya kecil tapi mancung, badannya kecil. Mama Chanyeol sudah kenal lama dengan mamanya Chaerin. Karena dulu, ayahnya Chaerin kerja sebagai supir keluarga Chanyeol. Dan ibunya adalah pembantu di keluarga Chanyeol. Chaerin bersekolah dibiayai oleh keluarga Chanyeol dari SD hingga SMA. Namun, pada saat ibunya meninggal, dan ayahnya pergi begitu saja. Chanyeol tidak pernah menyukai Chaerin. Dia menganggap Chaerin itu beban hidupnya. Karena dari dulu mamanya lebih sayang pada Chaerin. Namun, Chaerin tidak pernah membenci Chanyeol dan diam-diam mencintai Chanyeol. Jika Chanyeol sudah pulang dari sekolah, dan langsung tidur di kamarnya, Chaerin diam-diam melepas sepatu dan kaus kaki yang masih terpakai. Melepas baju seragamnya dan memakaikannya jas tidur. Terakhir, ia memakaikan Chanyeol selimut. Dan dia memandang wajah Chanyeol yang sedang tidur. \"Ganteng banget kalo lagi tidur. Coba aja dia baik sama gue.\" Percakapan Chanyeol dan Mamanya, mengiris hati Chaerin. Dia senang mendengar kabar bahwa ia akan dijodohkan dengan Chanyeol ketika ia sudah selesai kuliah nanti. Namun, kedengarannya, Chanyeol tidak menyukai berita ini. Ia tahu kalau Chanyeol sudah punya kekasih namanya Rosé Park. \"Chanyeol dengerin Mama. Ibunya Chaerin udah nitipin Chaerin ke mama. Mama gak mungkin sama Chaerin terus. Mama nitip dia ke kamu. Lagian juga Chaerin itu baik, Nak. Cantik juga.\" \"Yang cantik dan baik menurut aku itu ya cuma Rosé Park. Pacar Chanyeol.\" \"Dia gak baik buat kamu Chanyeol. Semenjak kamu kenal dia, kamu mulai merokok, pergi ke klub malam sampai pagi.\" \"Gak. Pokoknya Chanyeol gak mau nikah sama anak itu. TITIK!\" Chaerin meneteskan airmatanya. Dan saat Chanyeol lewat depannya, ia langsung buru-buru menghapus airmatanya. Chanyeol mencengkram tangan Chaerin dengan kuat sampai Chaerin meringis. \"Denger baik-baik. Jangan harap lo bakal nikah sama gue. Kalaupun nanti kita nikah, gue pastiin lo bakal menderita. Karena lo udah berani ngambil posisi Rosé di kehidupan gue.\" Chanyeol melepas tangan Chaerin hingga tubuh Chaerin tersentak ke tembok. Tidak lama, mama Chanyeol memanggil dia. \"Nak Chaerin, mau nikah sama Chanyeol kan?\" Dalam hati ia sangat mau. Menikah dengan laki-laki yang selama ini ia cintai diam-diam adalah salah satu impiannya. Namun, ia tidak bisa egois. \"Chaerin sih terserah Chan aja ma.\" Mama Chanyeol mengangguk. Flashback off Chaerin POV Gue lagi dalam perjalanan ke rumah Chanyeol yang baru. Gue gak berani bilang itu rumah gue juga. Dia aja gak nganggep gue sama sekali. Gue sama dia cuma diem aja di mobil dengerin radio. Gak lama gue ketiduran. Chanyeol POV Capek banget gila. Mending gitu nikahnya sama Rosé masih bisa gue pandang-pandang buat ilangin capek. Lah dia? Cantik juga enggak. Yang ada malah bikin kesel. Dengan enaknya dia tidur. Tapi kalo diliat-liat manis juga sih ini anak. Tapi tetep aja, dia ngerebut posisi Rosé di hidup gue. Gue gaakan biarin anak ini hidup tenang di rumah gue. Dan akhirnya gue sampe di rumah gue yang baru. Udah ada satpamnya juga. Gue klakson mintain buka pager. Makhluk disamping gue kebangun. Kaget kali denger klakson mobil. Dia ngucek matanya. Rambutnya sedikit berantakan. 'Lucu..' Gue langsung geleng-geleng kepala. \"Chan? Kenapa? Pusing?\" Dia membuka suara. Cih! Sok peduli! \"Urusin urusan lo sendiri.\" Itu cukup dingin yang bikin dia diam. Setelah mobil gue parkir dengan sempurna gue langsung turun tanpa mengeluarkan koper apapun. Ya, karena gue udah mindahin barang gue sebelum nikah hari ini. Gue liat bocah itu kesusahan ngeluarin kopernya dia. Bodo amat sih gue! Siapa suruh nikah sama gue yang jahat sama dia? Bugh! \"Aduh!\" Kopernya jatuh. Dia hampir kehilangan keseimbangan. \"Chan.. Bisa tolong bantuin gak? Berat.. Yang ini aja.\" Karena gue kesian jadi gue bantuin. Author POV Chanyeol berjalan ke arah Chaerin dan mengambil alih koper yang lumayan besar buat seorang Chaerin. \"Lain kali gak usah nyusahin gue.\" Chanyeol menatap Chaerin tajam sambil mengatakan hal sarkastik tadi. Chaerin menghela napas. Setelah perjuangan membawa semua barangnya ke kamarnya yang berada di lantai atas, ia merebahkan tubuhnya di kasur. Airmatanya jatuh seiring dia mengingat perkataan Chanyeol tadi. \"Inget ya.. Jangan pernah masuk ke kamar gue dan ruang kerja gue. Kalo sampe lo ketahuan masuk, gue bakal ngehukum lo.\" Chaerin tidak mengerti kenapa tidak mengizinkan dia masuk ke kamar atau ruang kerja Chanyeol walaupun hanya untuk membersihkan. Ia pun keluar ke balkon kamarnya hanya untuk menghirup udara malam. \"Mama... Mama gak usah khawatir lagi, sekarang udah ada Chanyeol yang InsyaAllah bakal jagain Chaerin.\" Chaerin menghadap ke langit. Ia saja tidak yakin jika Chanyeol akan menjaganya. \"Mama selalu bilang ke Chaerin, jangan membenci orang yang membenci kita. Sekarang Chaerin lagi nyoba buat gak benci, orang yang benci Chaerin.\" \"Chaerin sayang mama.\" Ia segera menghapus airmatanya. Ia masuk lagi ke kamarnya. Mengganti bajunya dan tertidur lelap. Chaerin terbangun karena Chanyeol memukul Chaerin dengan bantal. \"HEH! Gue laper. Malah enak-enak tidur disini. Ini rumah gue! Jangan seenaknya!\" Chaerin kaget langsung berdiri ketika melihat Chanyeol. \"Iya maaf, Chan. Aku lupa pasang alarm tadi malem karena lang..\" \"Gue gak peduli. Cepetan! Gue laper.\" Chanyeol menarik tubuh kecil Chaerin dan mendorongnya untuk menyuruhnya cepat. Chaerin memberanikan diri bertanya pada Chanyeol. \"Chan, mau makan apa?\" Chanyeol menatap dia tajam seolah berkata 'Menurut lo?' Chaerin seketika takut dan langsung ke dapur. Chaerin melihat bahan makanan yang ada. Nasi Goreng. Chaerin langsung membuatkannya untuk Chanyeol. Setelah selesai, ia mengantarkan Nasi Goreng itu ke Chanyeol. Chanyeol memakannya dengan lahap. Chaerin menarik kursi makan di sebrang Chanyeol dengan maksud menemaninya makan. Tapi.. \"Ngapain?\" \"Mau nemenin kamu makan..\" \"Gak perlu. Gue males liat muka lo. Pergi sana!\" Sekali lagi ia terluka karena suaminya sendiri. Chaerin hanya tersenyum. \"Ya udah, maaf Chan. Aku ke kamar aku dulu. Kalo butuh sesuatu bilang.\" Tidak ada respon dari Chanyeol. Chaerin melangkah gontai ke kamarnya. Ia menutup pintu kamarnya dan menangis pelan. Bodoh. Hanya karena hal sepele begitu saja ia sudah menangis, apalagi karena yang lain? Chaerin beralih ke buku hariannya. Buku harian yang ia tulis untuk ibunya dari dulu. Pagi, 07.08, Minggu, 04-03-18 Mama, pagi ini Chaerin dibangunin sama Chanyeol. Dia sayang banget sama Chaerin. Terus Chaerin bikinin dia nasi goreng. Dia bilang enak. Dia minta aku buat nemenin dia makan. Karena dia mau mandangin muka aku lebih lama. Mama, aku cinta sama suamiku. Ia memutuskan untuk berbohong pada buku harian dan mungkin ibunya. Ia tidak ingin saat ia membacanya kembali, ia teringat kembali akan luka yang dia dapat pagi ini maupun luka yang akan ia dapatkan selanjutnya. Ia memutuskan untuk mandi. Merendam tubuhnya di bath up yang berisi air hangat. Sekedar melepas penat. Ia terus merenungi apa salahnya pada Chanyeol. Ia tidak pernah sedikitpun merepotkan Chanyeol. Ia baru meminta bantuan Chanyeol tadi malam. Itupun karena ia benar-benar tidak mampu mengangkat koper itu. Setelah selesai, ia mengeringkan tubuhnya dan memakai baju kaos dan celana pendek. Ia segera membereskan kamarnya dan melanjutkannya membersihkan seluruh isi rumah. Belum terlalu berat karena semua belum terlalu berantakan. Saat ia ke lantai bawah, ia mendapati Chanyeol sedang menelpon seseorang. \"Maaf sayang... Aku gak bermaksud bohong sama kamu...\" \"Sayang?\" \"Rosé?\" \"AKH!\" Chanyeol berteriak frustasi yang membuat Chaerin segera beranjak dari tempat dia berdiri. Dan kembali melanjutkan aktifitasnya membersihkan rumah. Tanpa Chaerin sadari, Chanyeol menghampirinya dengan langkah kesal. Chanyeol langsung menarik rambut Chaerin dengan kasar. \"AK! Chan sakit... Jangan ditarik!\" Chanyeol terus menarik rambut Chaerin dengan kasar. Chanyeol melepaskan Chaerin dengan kasar. Chaerin sudah menangis entah karena kepalanya sakit karena rambutnya ditarik Chanyeol atau karena suaminya kasar padanya. \"Kenapa Chan?\" \"KENAPA?!\" Chanyeol balik bertanya dengan nada membentak. \"Maksud aku.. Kan bisa ngomong baik-baik..\" \"GAK! GUE GAK BISA!\" \"Gara-gara lo! Rosé marah sama gue!\" \"Kenapa aku?\" Tak! Chaerin ditampar Chanyeol lumayan keras sampai Chaerin keseimbangannya dan sudut bibirnya mengeluarkan darah. Ini pertama kalinya ia ditampar seseorang. Chanyeol tidak merasa bersalah sedikitpun. \"K-kenapa kamu nampar aku, Chan?\" \"Kenapa?! Kenapa kata lo?! Gara-gara semua mimpi gue sama Rosé berantakan. Rumah ini tadinya gue mau hadiahin ke Rosé sebagai hadiah pernikahan gue. Tapi apa?! Lo ngambil posisi itu dan Rosé gak mau ketemu atau bahkan liat gue di sekitar dia.. PUAS LO NGANCURIN HIDUP GUE?! HAH?!\" \"Chan... Aku sama sekali gaada niat buat ngancurin hidup kamu. Bahkan waktu mama kamu nanya ke aku apa aku mau nikah sama kamu, aku bilang terserah kamu. Aku bahkan gak bilang aku mau, Chan. Kenapa kamu nyalahin aku?\" Chanyeol menampar Chaerin sekali lagi. \"Kalo aja, lo gak pernah tinggal dirumah gue. Kalo aja lo gak dititipin ke mama gue. Kalo aja ibu sialan lo itu..\" Tak! Chaerin menampar balik. Ia tidak terima ibunya dihina seperti itu. \"Cukup, Chan! Gak usah kamu bawa-bawa mama aku ke masalah kita.\" Rahang Chanyeol mengeras. \"Lo berani nampar gue sekarang? HAH?!\" Chanyeol langsung menyeret Chaerin ke lantai atas. \"Lo rasain balesan gue sekarang!\" mulai saat itu, aku terlalu takut bahkan untuk berhadapan dengan suamiku sendiri -ahnchaerin -to be continue- Hai-hai readers ku tersayang.. Gimana nih? Cocok gak kalo Chanyeolnya jahat? Cocok lah ya... Mungkin cerita ini terlalu lebay. Tapi kasus-kasus ini di realita banyak loh.. Makanya, aku jadiin cerita heheheh Aku mau nanya nih, karakter cowok kedua yang cocok siapa nih kira-kira? Artis KPOP selain EXO juga gapapa. Please comment kalo kalian punya ide dan kalo kalian suka, kalian harus banget vote. See you in the chapter ","Summary":" \"Bagaimana para saksi sah?\" \"SAH!\" SORRY Flashback on \"Ma... Aku gak mau nikah sama dia, apa-a"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"인계동풀사롱OIo77737614 【인계동풀싸롱】 인계동왕과비 풀싸 인계동박전무검색 인계동풀싸 이벤트","Author":"full01077737614","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13231105","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 수원풀사롱⇒수원왕과비1등실장OlO↔2209↔1882 수원풀싸롱❤인계동풀싸롱⤵수원풀사롱⇒수원풀쌀롱⇒인계동풀싸み수원왕과비で수원풀 ","Summary":" 수원풀사롱⇒수원왕과비1등실장OlO↔2209↔1882 수원풀싸롱❤인계동풀싸롱⤵수원풀사롱⇒수원풀쌀롱⇒인계동풀싸み수원왕과비で수원풀"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"Its Times Like These You Have To Be Percise","Author":"Sky Blue Smarty Girl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10221144","Passage":"[Chapter 1] 1 .Brynna . I clutched the Aries symbol that hung around my neck with maroon and brown, silk string. I was afraid and I didn't know what to do. The next thing I knew that would happen from my visions: the chair that would catch me from falling on the ground, would soon burst into flames from my touch. No there is nothing wrong with me, but what I have my parents tell me and the people who ask: that I am simply gifted. I have the ability to turn objects (and sometimes humans) into flames. Sometimes I can use my touch or I can use my mind to imagine the image bursting into flames. But on one night, usually the night of my birthday and the first March Equinox begins, when the Aries constellation lines up in the bright night sky with the stars, my power would simply get stronger or in other words \"rebooted\". I would usually ache the day right after. I have friends who go through the same thing as me but just during different months. Unfair. I hated how I always was the first one to get my power stronger. My friends would always tell me how they were asleep when it happened. The described the feeling of tossing and turning in bed, worry going through your head. But for me I was wide awake during the entire process of my power getting \"rebooted\" and I could feel it flow through my blood and arms the next day. Usually the day after the process, my parents call me in sick since I'm really unstable and they don't want to risk any accidents. There was a class that you had to take if you were one of the lucky students who happened to be gifted. But the class took place in on of the ruined down trailers outside that were \"only\" for \"language learning\". The teacher who taught the class, was gifted as well. She has the ability to control water with her mind. Just like any other class you had to take quizzes to show the professor what you learned about that current ability. The professor has told us and instructed us to only use our powers when we are not on current school grounds, also that we must use them for good. We did normal stuff that you would normally do in other classes, we talked the same, kept our abilities hidden to immortals, but this class was just not normal to everyone. No. It wasn't normal at all.\" It was half past eleven o'clock, and I still couldn't feel the flames grow within me. Wanting out. I felt like reaching over and tuning on my Ipod so I could listen to some up beat tunes, but I quickly ignored the fact that if I listened to tunes while waiting it would make me more impatient. Finally at the twelfth stroke of midnight, I felt a gust of warm wind breeze past me, and dash to my bathroom. Minutes later, I felt warm breeze on my neck. Taking my novel I was currently reading I flipped the switch to my bedroom light, and quickly turned around. Impressed by what I saw. I was face to face not only with a fire wisp, but my guardian wisp. The next thing I know, I hit the oak wood floor hard. My body goes numb and I feel like the air has been sucked out of me. It was getting dark. Did I turn out the light? Did the wisp turn it off? Or was I simply knocked out? A hot breath whispered across my face and then my vision went black. I was seeing darkness. 2 .Raine. The music grew louder and louder until my eardrums finally wanted to walk out of the room. Aria was saying something to me but I couldn't hear over the D.J bumping up the volume on his boom-box thingy. All I could feel was Alex's finger nail's digging into my smoothie skin. I could hear people shouting at each other over the music. I tugged at my denim jacket and turned on my heel causing Alex to fall and loose his grip. He caught himself from falling by gripping the chair I was leaning against. \"What the hell was that for?\" He sounded pissed but in a cute way, and not I'm gonna beat you up way. Alex wasn't like any of the those boys at all. I laughed and tighten my bun. \"For gripping me so hard on my wrist, that you broke part of the skin.\" He heaved himself up from the \"fall\" and dusted off his boy made skinny jeans. \"Now, why were you gripping my wrist so hard?\" I ask crossing my arms across my chest. \"Um, no reason.\" I lift an eyebrow and place my hands on my hips making me look more mature. \"You didn't answer my question Al!\" He sighed and looked down at the ground. Now I had got him in the place that I wanted. \"Fine you got me. Okay this party doesn't seem normal to me.\" Alex ran a hand through his dirty blonde hair and crossed his arms. \"Dude, the owner of this party is anything but normal get used to it.\" I throw my hands up in the air. \"Who's the owner of this party then?\" I slap my face with my palm and sigh. \"Melissa.\" He raises an eyebrow and gives me the look of ' doesn't ring a bell' . \"She's my friend.\" I move my hand in the air slowly trying to get Alex to process quicker. \"Oh right her. \" I'm disguised in the way he said her. He said it like he wasn't fond of Melissa. I smoothed out the wrinkles of my cherry blossom and white strapped dress. \"You say her like a bad thing.\" I point out. He gives me a look. \"I just have a thing with Melissa I don't care for to much. I point my finger in his chest as if I am jabbing him with my dagger. Sometimes if you knew me I would always need a dagger whenever I go. \"Why!\" I shout like it is the simplest question on the world you can answer. \"Raine, haven't you seen her house?\" He points to the stairs and at a silky Grey cat that appears to be sitting on the chair I'm leaning against. \"Yes, were practically in it now.\" I say annoyed. \"It's full of cats!\" he exclaims and points his index finger to places all around us in the current room. \"So? She's a cat person. What do you expect?\" I reach down and pick up the Grey cat and cradle her in my arms. Alex starts itching the area of his arm that is showing. A red spot develops quickly. He sneezes into his arm. Dammit. Please don't be allergic to cats! Please don't be allergic to cats. I mutter under my breath, part of me hoping that he just caught something, when the other half hopes he is allergic to cats. \"Raine, get me out of here.\" He puts his hood over his head. \"Why?\" I ask. \"I'm allergic to fucken cats Raine!\" I jump out of my sudden trance and walk over to where he is heading to the door. \"Where do I take you?\" I grab a hold of his arm hauling him to a complete stop. I notice around me that boys and girls are nestled in each others arms dancing slowly. The music has turned down so now I can actually hear what Melissa and Aria are trying to ask me. \"Raine where are you going?\" Melissa asks putting both hands on her hips. \"Where is Brynna? She's supposed to be here by now!\" Aria complains. I glance around the room for a possible excuse until one jots into my mind. \"Oh, Alex isn't feeling himself right now and I'm just going to go drop him off at home and come right back.\" I step further outside while Melissa and Aria both share looks and raise there eyebrows. \"And Brynna?\" I take my phone out of my pocket and view the call history. \"I haven't heard from her.\" Before I can say anything else I turn on my heel and walk out the door while cautiously holding Alex's hand. Before I closed the door I heard Aria whisper into Melissa's ear. Something about Brynna was what I got out of them: 'Isn't it Brynna's night for the process?' 3 .Aria I spun the Aquarius symbol that I attached to a blossom colored silky rubber band enough to make it a bracelet. \"Melissa isn't it Brynna's night?\" I asked almost certain that it was but who knows. \"No clue. But if it is that could explain why she still isn't here.\" Melissa answered throwing her hands up. Arianna walked up to me and tugged at the leather belt around her stomach on her white lace quarter sleeve dress, and messed with her curls done with the wand curler Raine and Brynna and I gave to her last year for her birthday. \"Brynna still isn't here yet?\" She asked peeking outside the curtains. Melissa frowned and for the first time I have seen her, she looked pretty pissed. I spun my bracelet once more. \"Hell if she is two hours late must mean she has died or something!\" Melissa announced annoyed. Arianna and I took a step back and shared a look of worry. \"Aria call her.\" Arianna ordered. \"I tried but all I got was her voice mail.\" I showed her the call from one hour ago. \"Okay, something is definitely wrong here.\" Arianna exclaimed sounding totally calm. \"You think!\" Melissa shouted frightening both of us. \"Hey Mel take a chill pill.\" Arianna and I both said trying to come Melissa down. \"I don't not need to chill!\" Melissa threw her hands in the air and walked away. Melissa walked into the kitchen and dragged Arianna and me by our hoods. \"What the bloody hell was that for Mes?\" Arianna asked. \"Both of you go get Brynna, this was supposed to be her party for her turning seventeen!\" I sat down in one of the white chairs and crossed my legs. \"But...\" Arianna was cut off. \"Go get Brynna!\" Melissa shouted a second time. \"Before I let out my inner Medusa on you both!\" Arianna and I speed walked out of the kitchen and out the front door until we got to my car. \"Damn she has good grip.\" I said crackling my shoulders. \"Um, Aria do you remember where Brynna lives?\" I sighed. \"Yeah, its not far from here.\" I said and started the engine. \"Hell I hate it when Melissa gets crazy.\" Arianna sighed. I sighed and turned onto Chestnut Drive. \"I do to. Everyone does.\" Arianna crossed her legs and sipped from her red solo. \"I was just glad to get away from all those cats.\" I raised my eyebrow at her and started to laugh. \"What's so wrong with you and cats?\" She glared at me. \"Aria they creep me out. Their puke green eyes glaring at you all the time.\" She shuddered. \"Okay you don't have to be so descriptive. Gosh give me nightmares.\" She laughed. \"Get out of the car.\" I ordered. \"What?\" She asked shocked. \"Five words: Get. Out. Of. The. Car.\" Arianna just looked at me with worry in her face. \"Was it something I said?\" Her voice was shaky and shy sounding. I bowed my head and grunted while mumbling 'Dear god help me now.' under my breath. \"Oh my god. Arianna we're here. So get out of the car.\" Arianna looked up from her seat and saw Brynna's car. \"Oh yeah. Sorry just some dumb vision again.\" I looked annoyed and sarcastic. We walked up to the cream door and knocked then rang the door bell but know one came to answer it. \"Brynna!\" I shouted basically at the top of my lungs. \"We're coming in.\" I pulled out the key to Brynna's house from my converse bag and unlocked the door. \"We are?\" Arianna asked. I gave her a look and she stopped asking the questions. Good now it was my turn. \"Where is she?\" I asked quietly. I didn't want Arianna to reply I just wanted silence while I tried to find Brynna so Melissa wouldn't kick my ass first thing I walked through the door. \"Brynna? Brynna? Brynna where are you?\" Arianna cooed like Brynna was a parrot. So much for the silence. \"She's probably in her room Arianna.\" I replied climbing up the wool carpet stairs. I heard grunting coming from Brynna's room. I ran over to the door and busted it open regretting every move. When I opened the door an orange and red colored wisp glared over at me and left the room. Then, unconscious Brynna awoke from her slumber with beady red eyes. The whole scene freaked all of us out. \"Holy Shit!\" Arianna shouted while flames came out from Brynna's palms. I closed the door just enough to duck before a flame burst the door open. \"Come on!\" I screamed to Arianna as we quickly ran through the hall and to the front door. \"Arianna duck!\" Arianna awoke from her vision and ducked quickly to let another ball of flames fly by. \"Get to the car!\" I handed Arianna my car keys and ran at top speed back to my car. \"Damn that was so close.\" Arianna said handing me my keys as we sat in my car waiting for nothing. \"Yeah, it was.\" I replied sipping from my red solo. \"Let's get back to the party.\" I put the keys in the ignition and drove at full speed. \"Wish granted.\" I joked. Arianna punched my arm. \"What? I'm just joking.\" I said in defense. She made the Ha. Ha. Ha gesture with her hand. XXXXX \"Where in gods name have you been?\" Melissa asked us as soon as we walked through the door empty handed. \"Um.\" Arianna shifted in her spot and glared down at her cream colored converse. Blocking out the world around her. \" Um is right.\" Blake responded. \"Get you're ass's in here!\" She demanded. I lagged behind Arianna while she walked at full speed. 4 .Brynna. Beep. Beep. Beep. I chucked my pillow at my hellish sounding alarm clock and frowned. I turned back over on my side and heaved a heavy sigh. My breaths flew out steady and calm not at all alarmed that it was time for school once more. Beep. Beep. Beep. Apparently I didn't throw the last pillow hard enough. I reached below my bed for my other pillow when I looked at my clock that it said I have exactly only forty five minutes to get ready for yet another boring day of torture. I slowly walked over to my closet, still full of slumber and completely energized. I pulled my light brown hair in a messy morning ponytail and seared threw my closet finding clothes that didn't even me. I finally found my, thin and (super see-through) long sleeve shirt, teal under tank, short denim shorts, teal converse, teal flower crown, mint silky rubber band with an infinity symbol, and walked over to my bathroom and sat my chosen items of clothing on the fuzzy carpet rug in my bathroom. I tuned my radio and turned on my wand curling iron. I stared at my reflection in the clean glass mirror. I was a sixteen (I'll be turning seventeen tonight)year old, with gorgeous blue eyes, light brown hair, and good looks, not to mention my power which some teachers and classmates didn't know I have which it needed to stay this way. I listened to the lyrics of a song come through the radio's speakers. Evacuate the Dance Floor I'm infected By the Sound I quickly slipped into my clothes and slipped on my teal flower crown. I turned off my curling iron and slipped into my teal converse. I turned off my radio and pulled my window curtains closed with the tassel they had come with. \"Brynna lovely morning isn't it?\" My grandma asked me sipping some of the tea in her mug. \"Um, yeah.\" I said looking outside. Now that daylight savings had ended the sunrises were much prettier as well for the sunsets. \"Big event today?\" She asked. I turned around from reaching the dishware cabinet and smiled. \"I am turning seventeen.\" I replied. \"Right. And a sixteen year old going on to seventeen ought to look her best on the big day.\" I smiled and grabbed my bowl and sat it on the counter. \"You must want something more than just cereal.\" My grandmother said sipping her tea once more. \"No cereal is fine with me I'm used to it.\" I replied putting a spoonful of Raisin Bran in my mouth. \"Now students who can explain Persuasion to me?\" Mrs. Sinclair asked from the front of the room. My hand immediately shot up, while the rest of my classmates starred blankly at their desks. \"Ms. Miller define persuasion to the class.\" I cleared my throat and answered. \"The meaning of persuasion is: the action or the fact of persuading someone or being persuaded to do or believe something.\" \"Now let's see.\" Mrs. Sinclair's eyes darted around the room trying to find a possibly victim for her next question. \"Ms. Meyer define persuade.\" Mrs. Sinclair ordered. I looked over at Oakley who was shifting back and forth in her chair. I handed her my notes from the class before. Oakley gradually took the medium sized notebook and crossed her legs. \"Right persuade, cause of (someone) to do something in reason by argument.\" Oakley handed my notebook back and folded her hands in her lap. \"That is correct Ms. Meyer.\" Mrs. Sinclair's eyes darted around the room once more looking for yet another possible victim. \"Let's see if I can trick any of you students.\" I rolled my eyes and tapped my pencil on my desk. But instead of Mrs. Sinclair pointing at a student who wasn't paying attention, called on me. \"Ms. Miller define P.I.E and give us the definitions.\" I glanced down at my notebook and yet again got the answer to sprout out of my brain. \"P is persuade, I is informative, E is entertain.\" I closed my notebook and glared up at the ceiling. ","Summary":" 1 .Brynna . I clutched the Aries symbol that hung around my neck with maroon and brown, silk string"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"Yo te necesito solo a tí","Author":"Leandro-chanYey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12656175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Una vez más, se sentía nervioso por pensar tantas veces porqué terminó teniendo esa tipo de relación con aquel chico, y que justo aquel chico tenia que ser su ex-novio Como se escuchó, aquél chico rubio de ojos azules era su amigo pero aún asi le disgustaba que quedaron como amigos cuando antes eran pareja, se amaban mucho que incluso con el hablaron de un futuro donde envejeserian juntos y engordarían demasiado mientra son unos viejitos -Que futuro mas extrañó seria para cualquiera pero para esos dos era el ideal- hasta que sucedió que por culpa de Shamuon, les borraron la memoria y supuestamente el se terminó enamorando de Etienne mientras que Yuudai de Nerón...La verdad es que siempre ocultó desde que recupero sus memorias hasta cuándo se caso y tuvo un hijo adoptivo, que seguía amando aquél rubio aunque tenga esos comportamientos de diva a veces, o qué amaba demasiado la comida excepto el atún, algunas veces que podia llegar a ser alguien que se preocupa por las personas que le importa o qué se podía avergonzar si lo tratabas de una forma amorosa que incluso lo llenaras de cariño, eran dolorosos esos sentimientos que aún sentía por aquél rubio qué fué su primer amor y el que aún conserva aquel frasco de flores de papel que es muy preciado para el. ¿Por qué duele mi pecho cuándo estoy con Etienne? Porqué estoy con la persona incorrecta Ahora lo que mayormente intentaba distraerse era con Simba, que él chico le hacía recordar a él cuándo venia con un chico rubio de ojos celestes qué se llamaba Mark, ambos se encerraban en la habítacion de Simba para jugar tranquilos a sus juegos además que seguro querían tener privacidad, por lo menos pasaba algunas veces tiempo en casa pero la mayoría de las misiones que ahora le da Shamuon son de noche para que pueda cuidar a Simba juntó con Etienne y llevarlo a la escuela Un día aprovechó para ir a visitar a Yuudai, incluso le avisó que iba a ir que este solamente le respondió con un \"Ok, pero te puedes quedar solamente 30 minutos porqué tengo una cita con Nerón\" Eso fué algo que le dolió demasiado, seguro Yuudai era más feliz con Nerón que lo fué con él pero tuvo que fingir una expresión de alegría en su rostro mientras se cubria su boca con el barbijo negro. Después de aproximadamente 7 o 9 minutos, llegó a la segunda casa donde golpeó despacio la puerta esperando que le abrieran, al final le abrió Yuudai que estaba algo arreglado usando un smokin negro, suspiró leve intentando no desanimarse — Hola, Yuudai...Te había traído unas galletas que había hecho... —Solto con una voz fingida de alegría que muchos se la creían mientras le entregaba una pequeña bolsa— — Gracias, supongo... —Agarro la bolsa y se alejó con rapidez de la puerta dirigiendose a la cocina— ¡Pasa, ya estaba preparando algo de té! Asintió leve mientras entraba calmado a aquella casa, miraba el alrededor de forms tranquila mientras se dirigía a la sala de estar donde se sentó en el sofa esperando a Yuudai, lo vió llegar sujetando una bandeja que tenia dos tazas de té caliente al igual que un pequeño plato donde estaban las galletas, lo dejó en la mesa frente al sofa y se sentó a su lado — Me había sonado extraño que hubieras querido venir aún sabiendo que en media hora tengo una cita con Nerón...¿Acaso tuviste un pequeño problema, mocoso? —Sonrio muy divertido mirándolo— ¿Con Etienne o con Simba? O... ¡Quizas con Shamuon! — No tuve ningún problema... —Suspira un poco irritado mientras no se podía ver su sonrisa divertida, agarró la taza de té y tuvo que bajarse el barbijo con rapidez para despues beber un poco del té— Sólo quería verte ¿Acaso te molesta, Barbie? —Se volvió a subir el barbijo— — ¿Cuando será el dia que no me llames de esa forma? —Rueda los ojos el rubio mientras agarró una de las galletas que empezó a comer tranquilo— (Estan...Deliciosas como siempre.) — Será el dia que estés agonizando o que ya te hayas vuelto un viejito gordo —Rie un poco mientras mantenía oculta su sonrisa divertida— — Ah...Otra meta en mi vida, seguro me volvere un viejito gordo juntó con Nerón. —Sonrio de forma inconsciente al recordar aquél hombre sin saber que aquel pelinegro mitad peliblanco estaba molestó por aquella sonrisa— ¿Por qué tenia que sonreír por Nerón ? ¿Por qué no podía sonreír por el ? Tantas preguntas se hacia que lo agobiaban de a poco, quería de una vez por todas hacer lo que él quería pero sabia que si lo hacía, sería como buscarse que le borren de nuevo la memoria pero de una vez por todas...Prefería recorrer aquél riesgo, se quitó su barbijo con rapidez y lo abrazó del cuello a Yuudai acercándose con rapidez a su rostro para luego besarlo de una forma calmada El rubio se encontraba sorprendido por aquel beso que aún no correspondía y su corazón latia algo desenfrenado, intentando ignorar aquellos sentimientos lo intentó apartar a Shadow pero de a poco correspondió el beso tomándolo de la cintura a aquél chico que fue totalmente suyo una vez Seguían el beso de una forma calmada y despacio como si en ese beso querian demostrar sus verdaderos sentimientos por el otro, se separaron del beso al mismo tiempo mirandose fijamente mientras jadeaban ya que ese beso duro varios minutos, Yuudai apretó un poco la cintura de aquél chico de ojos extraños y desvió la mirada molestó — Maldita sea...Uno quiere borrar sus sentimientos y tu haces eso...¡No juegues con mis sentimientos! —Lo miró de nuevo y se sorprendió al verlo llorar, un poco se preocupó y le limpió con el pulgar aquellas lágrimas— ¿Por qué...? — ...No es fácil ocultar tus sentimientos tanto tiempo... —Desvio la mirada— Quiero aun ese futuro contigo, quiero ser la unica persona que ames, quiero que solamente sonrías por mi y no por Nerón — ¿Deberia tomarlo como si quisieras que sea solamente de tu propiedad? —Solto muchas risas mirándolo pensando ya que es una broma seguro— — Si, quiero que seas solo de mi propiedad —Dijo mirándolo de una forma sería— Al final aquél dia se terminaron besando muchas veces ignorando aquel claxon del auto de Nerón, sólo sucedió que volvió a nacer aquél amor que sintieron la primera vez que se conocieron. ","Summary":" Una vez más, se sentía nervioso por pensar tantas veces porqué terminó teniendo esa tipo de relació"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Morphine for the Soul","Author":"WasianGal","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12784024","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary: Alex hasn't left Tommy's side since his rescue at the Mole. He's not ready to let go of this stranger turned security blanket...even if they are momentarily safe in the arms of England. Author's Note: I don't own or profit on anything Dunkirk related. This is merely inspirations from a woman who squinted to find some brotherly love throughout the movie and came up with her own angsty ideas for this special pair of strangers after the film. This story takes place that first night after they arrive off the train. Finally, some mild PTSD/War Trauma scenes and brief language will appear, just to caution. Morphine for the Soul ... Nobody misses the sound of a plane flying overhead at approximately 2:15am. Not a single soldier lying in the bunkers is able to keep from startling in their sleeping bags because of it. As the roaring sound grows more and more distant, hearts calm and soon everyone in the cramped space settles back down to sleep. All but one... Alex has pressed himself into the nearest corner of the wall, five feet from his pillow...five measly feet from where Tommy still snores next to him in his own tattered army pallet. Every part of him wants to bolt back to the safety of his own cocoon...back beside the only familiar face left from the beaches of horror. Tommy... There was something absolutely safe about the other boy, as if he had a much better chance of living if he kept him close... But five feet was still five feet. It only took that much of a distance to kill you at Dunkirk. The thought makes him press his back harder into the corner, unaware of the protests of his spine through the thin fabric of his shirt. No way out. No bloody way out. A second plane flies over; lower this time. Closer...closer...too close! Even as Alex tells himself it's not a kraut engine, his feet bolt on their own, hands feeling the walls for support before he's tripping and scrambling over the sleeping forms of soldiers. They're dead. They're all dead. He knows it. He remembers it. He still smells it. He reaches another wall and can't find the door, not even a window to climb out of. Trapped! \"Help! Somebody help me!\" His fists bang on any surface they find, wood from the side panels splinter his fingers as he scrapes around for escape. Water rushes around his ankles in the next moment and a scream tears from his throat. \"I don't wanna die! I don't wanna die!\" Big hands whirl him around so suddenly that he's dizzy even before they violently shake him. He can almost feel the blow to his cheek and the blood that forms at the corner of his mouth. The iron taste of it only drives him more mad. \"Stop! Wait!\" Tommy's voice . Even as another blow strikes him in the gut, he hopes it really is him, cause he's good and ready to lose it if not. \"Give him a moment, for goodness sake! He's chokin'.\" Alex wonders if the voice is talking about him. His green eyes search around the darkness frantically for something tangible to prove that Tommy was here...that he wasn't just a stiff corpse like the rest of his mates. \"You best shut him up or I will.\" Someone says in the darkness beside him. \"Alright! Alright! Just...please, give us a moment.\" There's no doubting it now. Tommy's here. Alex feels thin fingers grab the sleeves of his oil stained thermal just as his eyes begin to focus. \"Throw me his bedroll. That one over there, mate, yeah.\" Tommy continues, as he tries to ease his new comrade to the floor. But Alex isn't having it. There is no way he's letting his guard down, even for this lucky charm of a soldier. Legs kick in a manic fashion as he tries to loose himself from being restrained, but Tommy soon gets help from some of the other soldiers in the vicinity. Alex knows Tommy needs the help, because if it were one against the other, he would have flattened him like a bloody crepe by now. \"I don't wanna die,\" he says with watery, trembling lips. \"I can't. I can't.\" \"Nobody's gonna die, mate.\" \"They're gonna bomb us again! I hear em' up there.\" \"Shhh. Just our boys, mate. 'S just us.\" Tommy's so sure as he speaks it. How can he even trust a hope after all the death he's just witnessed? \"...Mum.\" Alex whispers, and the shame of that one, single word is enough to ruin any last shred of dignity he has, but he can't stop it from trickling from his mouth. It's easier to say the second time, and by the fourth, he's actually calling it out. He's now convinced himself that she'll come if he shouts it loud enough. It doesn't matter that she's dead and buried...that he hasn't seen her face in over a year...that he would be bullied for this in the morning. He's too swept up in panic to notice. A hand suddenly stifles his lips from continuing on as an ironic mixture of gentle shushing and angry voices compete for the same prize: his silence. For a brief moment, he tries. He really does make an effort, but he's already been so damn selfish already, so why on Earth should he stop now? That poor frog... Gibson ...he was ready to sacrifice him without a second thought, so eager to save his own skin while so easily dismissing the other boy to the cold depths of the ocean. Coward didn't begin to describe how he truly felt inside. He was nothing like Tommy... Tommy...the bloody saint. He read something far greater in the eyes of the lanky soldier. It was something he craved and needed...something that he couldn't begin to understand. Was it stability? A foundation? Where did he get it from? The other boy may as well have been guarded by angelic beings. \"I think he's good. Ease up,\" He hears Tommy whisper after what feels like an eternity. As his wide eyes finally come into focus, he really hopes they stay that way this time. He feels Tommy's hand rise from his swollen, tear streaked face as the other soldiers let go of him as well. Has he been restrained to the floor this entire time? He glances around at five different silhouettes, before resting on the only face he knows...who hovers over him like some filthy, skinny cur. \"You're okay. You're alright.\" Tommy says. Alex wants to scream back every obscenity he can think of, but his body's gone mute without his permission. 'Leave me!' he wants to say. But he's too tired to be anxious anymore...too exhausted to even try to protest when Tommy loosens the top two buttons of his shirt...too weak to slap away the warm rag that wipes off the grime, blood, dirt and salt from his neck and cheeks. \"No shame, mate. You just got a bit spooked.\" He hates the way Tommy's words affect him. He despises the sobs that force and rip their way out of him just because of someone else's empathy. If he was already reduced to such a pathetic heap, he would never make it through this war. Somebody throws another bedroll at Tommy's head, and the dumb blighter simply thanks the man who delivered it in such a rude fashion. \"The shakes will stop,\" Tommy tells Alex, not missing a beat. The Raven haired boy smooths out the other bedroll and pauses a moment to observe that the other soldiers have all hunkered down again for the night. When Alex locks eyes with him again, there's a question in Tommy's stare. He's asking permission. 'Can I help you?' He can't explain how he knows this, but his quiet peer is awaiting an equally silent response. Alex can feel his chest rising and falling faster and faster at the idea of giving in to comfort. He wants it so bad, but he's a bloody soldier, not a squalling infant...never mind that he'd just been crying for his mum only a moment ago. Never bloody mind all that... As if this is the permission Tommy's been waiting for, he lays himself down on his bedroll and brings Alex into his arms, ignoring the other boy's pathetic tough front as he pretends he doesn't absolutely need this right now. \"F*ck off.\" Alex growls through his teeth, pushing against the other boy a few times to prove to himself that he actually means it. Tommy only wraps him up tighter in response, easily reading between the lines. The moment he does, Alex is breaking down again, burying his face into Tommy's neck. His source of relief wreaks of oil and smoke, but the contact numbs the pain like some incredible morphine for the soul. Tommy shushes him a few more times, occasionally apologizing to the other soldiers on his behalf. \"Gotta relax, mate.\" he whispers, \"I know you're tryin', but I don't want them beatin' you up anymore than they already have.\" Silence falls between them again. Alex's body still shakes every now and then from his earlier sobbing, but at least his mind is slowing down. Oh, how he wishes for a full night's sleep, even if it has to be here in the arms of utter humiliation. Tommy's gone perfectly still, though his grip hasn't loosened a bit. Alex wonders if the bloke is regretting his actions, but lacks the courage to even make a joke about such a thing. \"You ever speak a word about this to anyone-\" \"Not a word.\" He doesn't need to look up at Tommy to know that this was definitely not something they'd ever talk about again. Another plane flies over the base and this time Alex stays still. Tommy pats him gently on the back; perhaps his own way of saying, 'Well done, mate. You didn't make a total arse of yourself this time 'round.' Another involuntary tremor rolls through Alex's frame, just as Tommy shifts a bit and clears his throat. He never once expects what comes forth from his comrade's lips in the next moment. A song...so soft...so quiet that he knows it's only meant for his ears. \"Through many dangers, toils and snares, we have already come...\" Alex bites down hard on his bottom lip. He wants to be done with the tears, but they pool and cascade down his nose anyway. Tommy presses his cheek to his new friend's forehead, and he lets himself cry too, even whilst finishing the last of the verse. \"'Twas grace that brought us safe thus far, and grace will lead us home.\" \"So...you really are a saint then?\" Alex whispers between his sniffles, pondering what to do about this new information. \"I'm no different than anybody else,\" Tommy replies. Alex isn't satisfied with such a simple response. His parents went to church faithfully every Sunday when he was a child...never mind that the rest of the week his father beat he and his mother within an inch of their lives and told his own son what a worthless piece of sh*t he was before passing out in his chair every night. \"That's the secret to your survival? Your religion?\" Alex asks. \"Jesus isn't a secret, mate...\" Tommy whispers back. \"...And...He certainly isn't a religion-\" \"Shut it, already! Both of you bloody idiots!\" Someone cries in the darkness, and Tommy knows their own men will shoot them if they don't cease. \"We'll talk more tomorrow. Sleep.\" He says before settling in better. Alex is more than a little furious. Waves of anger, guilt and grief make him want a better explanation and quickly, but he really has no other choice in the matter. \"Sleep.\" Tommy whispers once more and Alex's body complies quicker than he expects, exhausted snores soon drowning out any sounds of war lurking somewhere in the shadows of their backyard... A/N: Thank you so much to anyone who took the time to read this humble little fic! Whether it was enjoyable for you or not, I am grateful that you did! This story will have more chapters to follow. I plan to explore what happens to Alex and Tommy through the remainder of the war, and if they do survive, how might their friendship evolve over time? Please leave a comment or review and God Bless you![Chapter 2] A/N: Chapter 2 has arrived! I listened to \"Nemo Egg\" from the Finding Nemo soundtrack the whole time I wrote this if that's any indication as to how this chapter will go. Feel free to listen to it as well, if that suits your fancy. Enjoy! ... Alex wakes to distant thunder and the wind howling through the cracks in the walls. His shoulder aches from the position he's rested in since he dozed off hours earlier and he rolls to his back; rubbing the muscle with cracked and bloody fingers. Gray light peeks in from the small window at the other side of the bunker and he guesses it to be around 5:00 in the morning. Another thunder clap rolls closer this time and he startles up to a sitting position. Tommy's gone. Not even his bedroll is left behind. Alex can't help but lay his hand on the wood floor where he had just been… it's cold . His eyes search frantically around the room, finding only a few soldiers still asleep. Most have already risen for showers, breakfast and even for home. An involuntary tremor runs down his frame as he guesses which one Tommy's left for. Thin legs kick out of his sleeping bag as he throws the pillow behind him in a haste to climb to his feet. A folded note appears in its place, creased with a few blackened fingerprints around the edges. At first, he can only unfold and fold it back up again. Several times he does this for his mind to process what it might mean. He decides not to read it, knowing that Tommy just went to get breakfast. Tommy would be right back. Tommy would be getting a bloody earful for making him feel so weak all the time. His mind flashes back to being trapped in the sinking boat filled with panic, disorder and bullet holes…a gun pointed right in the French boy's face. He shudders at the idea of how close he came to having blood on his hands. \"It's wrong,\" Tommy had said. Those two words may have been the only thing that had kept him from becoming a murderer. The paper in his hand unfolds before him in one swift motion. He had to know. It's a Bible verse…one that cuts straight to his heart. \"9 Two are better than one, in that their cooperative efforts yield this advantage: 10 if one of them falls, the other will help his partner up — woe to him who is alone when he falls and has no one to help him up. 11 Again, if two people sleep together, they keep each other warm; but how can one person be warm by himself? 12 Moreover, an attacker may defeat someone who is alone, but two can resist him; and a three-stranded cord is not easily broken. Ecclesiastes 4:9-1\" No information. No goodbyes. Just a rebuke…or maybe a warning. Alex crumples the offensive note in his fist and takes off running in the first direction that instinct leads. There are thousands of faces to sift through…halls and buildings full of the same uniform. The weak and the strong stand and moan all around him. The maimed lie in cots while the unscathed loiter about in various clusters throughout the area. The likelihood of seeing that idiotic face ever again drops with each minute that passes. He clutches his stomach and eyes a nearby bin, resisting the urge to sprint over and wretch in it. A train whistle blows just one block away and his knees buckle at the sound. Tommy was surely on that train. He's left him here with out so much as a goodbye. \"You're blocking the aisle, soldier!\" An officer yells in his face, but he doesn't hear it. It's merely wind in his ears as he catches sight of a familiar, scrawny profile some fifty feet in front of him. The air in his chest leaves instantly through his flaring nose as relief and fury wrestle together in his gut. Doubts vanish as he approaches with each step. Tommy stands there; neat and tidy. His thick, black hair is slicked back with only hints of stubborn oil still tainting his ears and jawline. A new trench cap sits tucked beneath his arm as he nods a few times to another soldier standing beside him. Another clap of thunder rips across the dreary, gray sky as Tommy's eyes finally lock with his. The gentle smile he offers only serves to agitate Alex further. Crossing the distance between them, he brings the crinkled paper directly in front of the other boy's face. \"What's this?\" Alex says through his teeth. \"It's a verse from the Bible. I wanted to-\" Before Tommy can finish, Alex is throwing him hard up against the nearest wall, ignoring the urge to care when the other boy grimaces from the pain of it. Tommy sees the Bible verse fall at their boots like a leaf from a branch; swirling away with the formation of soldiers just passing them by. \"I know where it comes from, you bleedin' idiot. What did you mean by parting with it?\" For a split second, Alex stares down at his fistfuls of Tommy's coat. He watches the way the boy's eyes squint and his skinny fingers curl up close to his face. He's been beat before... Alex imagines hurling him down to the floor just then...beating those narrow cheek bones to a bloody pulp. He thinks of how easy it would be to take every last bit of frustration he has out on this annoying, gutsy, little beanpole. Last night plays back her raw and intimate details, if only to stay his hand for a moment. Tommy had held him as if he were only a little lad...had sang the same old hymn that his mother had used to shush him to sleep so many years ago. Alex's cheeks burn and his eyes sting; they're still sore from earlier. It's physical evidence that his pride can neither deny or erase. Grip loosening, he stares down at his fingers as if they move on their own, yet he knows that this boy has slowly but surely weaseled his way into his heart. He hasn't the will power to rip him out of it now... …not like countless other lads that were just blank slates huddled together, all dying to his left and right. Their bodies always looked the same when painted with blood, no matter what features had originally distinguished them from the rest. Why was this freckled face any different? Acceptance hurts. It reopens the callouses. It tears apart the thick walls of his soul in order to make room for something he's long given up on. 'No... no... not this again,' he thinks. 'Please, God, anything but this.' Once was enough. Once was more than he could bare... It's been nine months since his best friend, Henry, was killed right in front of him, just a few weeks into the war... three bullets...and blood...so much blood. Gurgling screams ripped from his mate's lips, as raw, guttural ones poured from his own. He imagines Tommy cold and gray just then... he can't stop himself from going there. No doubt he would beg Tommy to stay with him, beg God to spare his life, plead on his knees for a bloody miracle...and then...just like Henry, Tommy would be ripped from his arms too. That was simply the way of things. This was war. Refocusing back to the present, Tommy remains tense and ready for anything...green eyes holding nothing but hope… I hope he doesn't punch me too hard... I hope he doesn't hate me... I hope we can be close mates someday... Alex sighs heavily, giving his comrade a good shove before backing away. There is absolutely no way he can damage this loyal dog, especially given the evidence of the not so gentle hands of his previous owner. Was it his father...a pathetic lot of school age bastards...perhaps even the soldiers among them? Alex eyes a few of them standing to his left and right, a quick surge of protectiveness coursing through him on its own accord. He could almost laugh at the irony if he wasn't so intent on carrying out his current mood instead. \"I... I wasn't able to answer your questions.\" Tommy begins, mustering up enough courage to look his comrade in the eye. \"You were sleepin' so sound. Didn't want to leave you with nothin', mate.\" Alex moves in closer at this, if only to attempt to burn a hole through the other soldier. \"You pity me...don't you,\" he whispers out of his throat like sharp daggers. \"I suppose I am... more than qualified to fit the mold for your Christian duties.\" Tommy shakes his head rapidly at the other boy's conclusion. \"No!\" he cries. \"How...How after everything...after Dunkirk...with what we've been through together...how could you even think...\" He knows… Alex knows deep down that this is much more than just an act of charity...that Tommy genuinely cares about his well being; but he cannot ignore the scars that war and religion have left. He can't seem to put aside the past that's only aided in building cold, stony walls around bottled emotions...some of which have already burst from him mere hours ago. 'Don't let anymore out.' A dark voice warns. 'You'll only suffer in the end.' For the first time ever, Alex questions if it's actually coming from within...he's always thought so until this moment. \"You go and give me a verse like that...and then you just-\" Tommy can't help it. He pulls Alex into a bear hug that can rival men twice his size. \"Hey...\" he whispers. It's the only thing that comes to mind as Alex tries to turn his face away from left to right. He hates that his tough front has all but left him. What kind of soldier was he to weep so easily over something so simple? \"I didn't know.\" Tommy says, \"I thought you'd want to part ways. I'm sorry, mate. I really didn't know.\" He pulls away to look at Alex straight on, \"We're mates now, yeah?\" Alex wipes his nose with his sleeve and stares at his feet for half a moment. A sensation akin to hovering at the edge of a cliff consumes him. \"Yeah…We're mates.\" ... A/N: Chapter 3 will hopefully pop up soon. Thank you to anybody that gives this fanfiction a chance. You are lovely![Chapter 3] A/N: Hello Readers. I had originally planned for this to be the final chapter, but I have now decided to split it in to two parts for the flow of the story. I have spent a rather ridiculous amount of time researching Operation Overlord, Army Medical Evacuation plans and the Normandy stories that came straight from the mouths of the soldiers that fought on the beaches some seventy-four years ago. I wanted to find anything I could to give a little bit more authenticity to the scene...that being said, I am no historian, and there could be many historical inaccuracies that I am unaware of, just to caution. ;) Once again, thank you to whoever has taken the time to sit down and read these little scenes. Though they are short and probably lacking, they have been helping me through a great deal of stress. It's been a very neat experience to write about Tommy and Alex's evolving friendship while watching and learning about World War 2. Alright then... On to Chapter 3! ... June 6th, 1944; 7:55 am Normandy, France Five minutes from Gold Beach's shore \"On your feet, lads! On your feet! Step lively, now!\" Alex nudges Tommy's shoulder before they both are rising to stand, gripping the edge for support as another mighty wave crashes against their soldier-packed vessel. Four years... ...four long years since their miraculous survival at Dunkirk...since their undeniable bond was set. They've had their quarrels. None of they're journey has been painless, but it is stable...even concrete, if Alex is honest with himself, which he so rarely ever is. \"I don't suppose we'll be too keen on beach combing after all is said and done,\" Tommy says. Alex glances down at his friend's slender fingers as they grip tightly to his rifle. The bony, white knuckles are a stark contrast to the purplish-red of his hands; the salty wind has certainly taken its tole on them. The older boy manages a small laugh through his nose in response, ruffling Tommy's raven hair in hopes that he doesn't catch on to the constant shakes racing up his spine. They were told nothing about the operation they were about to partake in. There was only the reassurance that, though it was a gamble, it was a gamble with the highest of odds. A few soldiers bump hard into Tommy and the jolt of it sends him flying backwards off the barge. Alex grabs the boy's collar just before he does, feeling his heart jump into his throat. \"Watch it!\" he roars to the ones responsible, setting his jaw when they pay him no heed. Tommy straightens himself and dusts off his coat, moving back to the guarded position he had held originally. Alex looks at him with knitted brows for half a moment, opening and closing his mouth for something to say. Instead, he jerks the lanky boy to his right, well away from the edge. They're mere minutes from shore. Many other barges and battleships have already made their arrival. The Allies have succeeded in catching the Germans by surprise, and yet he hears the rapid spray of gunfire coming from behind the cliffs and trees. He sees the bodies of their own men scattered across the beach; this was the front lines...this was a sacrifice. \"Say a prayer for us.\" Tommy's head snaps up at this, looking over his friend's weary face to see if he had actually heard it correctly. Alex's cheeks warm as he sniffs and adjusts the pack he's carrying. \"Put your eyes back in your head,\" he says. \"Sorry, it's just that you've never-\" \"You've been praying over us from the very beginning. We're still alive, aren't we?\" Alex kicks the side of the barge with his boot, eyes looking from Tommy, to the sea, and back to Tommy again. \"God seems to hear you, mate.\" \"He would hear you as well if-\" \"Don't start.\" Tommy grinds his teeth with eyes burning, knowing he must restrain himself from starting, yet another, lost argument. Instead he closes his eyes and prays quietly for angels to guard them and for safe passage across the battlefield. He leaves out the request for Alex's salvation. He's already pleaded countless times on his behalf, the last prayer being right before they had boarded the barge. It was out of his hands. It had never been in his hands to begin with... The barge jerks them back and forth as they run aground. Officers begin unloading soldier after soldier, shouting out instructions as they do. This is it; to whatever end. They are now ten men from running out on to that sand and Alex grips tightly to Tommy's neck as they're being forced to shuffle forward. \"You stick close, do you understand me?\" His harsh tone reminds Tommy of the terrified stranger Alex once was before they were mates. He knows the words are more of a threat than an order. Don't die or I'll kill you, myself. Isn't that what he really means to say? Tommy can only nod as an officer pulls him on to the ramp. His thin legs run down on instinct alone as he keeps his eyes straight ahead. \"You see that split in the cliff? Straight ahead to your right!\" Alex yells as the first bullets hit directly between them. \"Run to that! Don't stop, Tommy. Run!\" More bullets spray into the sand, many of them ricocheting off the metal debris from the fallen planes and landing vessels. The moment Tommy sees a spitfire wing lying propped up in the sand, he's stumbling towards it. Feeling something thud hard into his uniform, he wonders if he's bleeding out. The mixture of adrenaline and shock have the potential to mask any pain and that fact alone has him trembling from head to toe. Falling to his knees behind the wing, he looks down at his hands; they've gone completely numb. \"Not there, Tommy!\" Alex shouts, coming alongside his friend as another bullet pings off the makeshift shelter. \"We can't stay here!\" It's this moment that Alex watches all the color drain from Tommy's face...the way he's slumping forward like a tattered, old rag doll. \"They shot me,\" Tommy breathes out, staring numbly down at his chest. \"Alex, I think...\" \"Hang on. Hang on, mate,\" Alex interrupts, hands flying to the buttons on Tommy's wool jacket and stripping open the other two layers to fully examine his friend. His fingers climb towards the boy's left shoulder, unable to prevent the gasp that escapes his lips. A warm liquid pools out and onto his skin and when he pulls his hand away, its painted scarlet. Tommy falters backward against the wing. A hundred thoughts fly straight to his head, but Alex intercepts them all. \"Tom...look at me,\" he says, grabbing the other boy's face and forcing him to gaze upwards. \"The bullet's missed your heart. It's more towards your arm, alright?\" He's ripping his own med kit out of his pack before he's even formed a plan, shakily sifting through bandages, cotton and bottles of iodine. \"I just have to stop the bleeding...and get us out of here.\" He doesn't tell Tommy that the reassurance is for himself. A bomb shakes the ground as it lands a few yards away. The distant screams that follow make Alex want to vomit, but he fights the urge if only for the other boy's sake. His old friend, Henry haunts him just then, as if to twist the knife a little deeper. \"You knew this was unavoidable,\" an invisible foe whispers. \"First your mother, then Henry, and now this one too.\" \"Shut your bloody mouth.\" Alex growls. Tommy's eyes knit together in confusion, knowing he hasn't spoken a word in the past minute or so. Something presses directly on to his wound and he's crying out before he understands what is happening. \"I know, mate,\" he hears Alex say as he watches stars explode across his vision. He feels the older boy grab his own hand and plant it firmly over the bandage to apply pressure until he's told otherwise. \"Blast, I need more gauze,\" Alex says, scanning the beach for anything and everything that would suffice. He spots a med kit on the back of a dead soldier, just a stone's throw away and begins crawling towards it. Another bomb explodes close enough to feel sand and debris fall like balls of hail onto his arms and legs; Alex only pauses long enough to make sure he's still in one piece before he reaches the medical supplies he needs. He's grateful the corpse is facing down in the sand so he doesn't have to focus on their cold, lifeless eyes. A line of gunfire hits just out of range before he hears Tommy screaming his name. Whirling around, Alex spots another soldier manhandling the injured boy away from the shelter of the wing. \"There's only room for one!\" the man bellows into Tommy's face, falling on top of him like a rabid dog as the boy struggles to stay put. \"You're shot up anyways! I gotta get home, mate!\" \"Get off him!\" Alex roars, throwing his arms around the raving soldier and ripping him off with a madness that could easily rival the larger man. He throws punch after punch to the attacker's face, unable to stop himself until the man is begging him to do so. \"You call yourself a soldier, you gutless scum!?\" He says, grabbing the man's coat collar and shaking him violently. \"Better him than me!\" Alex stops, completely frozen, as the words hit his ears. For a moment he can do nothing but listen to his own voice echoing from the waves of the past; it's as if he's holding up a mirror instead of a man. If he makes it through this hellish day, he's absolutely sure that he'll never forget this shame while looking a coward straight in the eye. The manic soldier takes the opportunity to bolt free, scrambling out of sight before he takes anymore damage to the face. When Alex finally pulls himself back to the present, Tommy's staring up at him from where he lies in the sand, hand still keeping pressure on his wound. He manages a single nod as his bloody fingers itch to bring comfort in a time when words cannot. Alex hates that Tommy's concerned for him while lying in such a critical state. Long eyelashes flutter closed as the smaller boy's arms go limp onto the sand. \"No-no-no-no, Tom. Don't you dare. Don't you dare,\" Alex says. He slaps Tommy's freckled cheekbones and shakes him multiple times, only ceasing when he's sure there's no rousing his comrade. Quickly wrapping up the wound, he pulls the frail boy onto his back. Tommy's head lulls side to side on Alex's shoulder and it unnerves him. \"You stay with me!\" he says, shifting his charge one more time before sprinting towards the safety of the cliffs. \"I have something...to tell you,\" he pants out, running through cloud after cloud of dense and toxic smoke. \"I was...saving it for later...but you always have been one to...force me into talking...I think your methods are taking it just a bit too far today, aye?\" Tommy neither replies or gestures that he's even listening as Alex senses his burden increase with each and every step he takes. \"Minefield!\" The cry of warning is the last thing he hears...Tommy tucked under him in the last thing he sees...Fire and shrapnel searing his back is the last thing he feels...before giving himself over to the numbing black. ... A/N: The final chapter is soon to come. Thank you for reading![Chapter 4] A/N:The final chapter...This one was a bit emotional for me, to be honest. I worked at a retirement home, about ten years ago and it was an absolute joy to be there. I got to experience so many different people and walks of life, but the veterans were always the closest to my heart. I had no idea when I started writing this, that such a time would be useful for moving the story along. In doing my research and making sure my times were right, I honestly was grieved to discover that almost all of our men and women from the WW2 era had been deceased or would be in a handful of years. I was shocked by the fact that being away from that retirement place for such a short time meant it was most likely that all my war veterans were gone by now. I hope this chapter conveys only the highest respect and love to those soldiers and nurses who sacrificed their very lives to save others. I will always hold a place for them in my heart. On a different note, the timelines here are a bit jumpy, so pay attention to lines, spaces and dates. I chose to bounce around because of the flow of the story, but I don't want to create any confusion. Chapter 4 ... A Nurses Prayer Give to my heart, Lord... compassion and understanding. Give to my hands, skill and tenderness. Give to my ears the ability to listen. Give to my lips words of comfort. Give to me, Lord... strength for this selfless service and enable me to give hope to those I am called to serve. -Anonymous Prayer from WW2 The Westminster Chimes resonate from within the case of an old grandfather clock. Six gongs promptly follow as Alex startles awake in a tattered, leather recliner; his head throbs and lungs wheeze from the hellish nightmare he's just endured. Some images from the war refuse to fade, no matter how hard one tries to blot them out. He absently rubs both of his thumbs and index fingers together, taking in the fact that they're no longer stained with blood... that they now belong to an eighty-nine-year-old man. Dunkirk had lost most of its grip clear back in the seventies. He still remembers the final traumatic episode right before his first grandchild was born. Perhaps the new blessing was enough to heal and reset what had been damaged for so many years. Even so, he's never been able to fully shake Normandy. It lies in wait like a venomous snake for more chances to strike and torment. He's let his guard down in the past few months, and now he's paying for it. If Tommy could see him now, he would most certainly scold him for not seeking out a bit of help; a prayer or two would've undoubtedly followed. Alex turns slowly to study the framed black and white photograph hanging up to his left. He and his best mate stand there together in their uniforms with their bikes against a brick wall. He can't recall the name of the train station anymore, but he remembers it was taken only a few days after the miraculous evacuation...just hours before being shipped off again. Tommy wears a simple smile, a stark contrast to the fierce and steely expression of the young man beside him. It was only a mask... a fragile mask that had begun cracking away the moment a stranger's hand had bravely reached out to snatch him up from the jaws of death. Now, his tired eyes catch the early light of dawn through the good-sized window on the other side of his flat. Vera Lynn's timeless voice sings a familiar wartime tune on the flashy new device his daughter's just set up for him the night before. The same song continues playing on in an endless loop and he hasn't the faintest clue on how to shut it off. He's already made dozens of attempts the night before; only giving up when his vision blurred to such an extent that even the glasses on the tip of his nose were of no use. ~We'll meet again Don't know where Don't know when But I know we'll meet again some sunny day Keep smiling through Just like you always do 'Till the blue skies drive the dark clouds far away~ His weathered hand reaches up to adjust the hearing aid whistling just outside of his ear, resisting the urge to chuck it across the room for inspiring such painful memories. After a minute of fiddling, the shrill sound ceases and it's immediately replaced with a quiet sigh. The veteran's chin gradually droops to his chest from the effort, surrendering to snores in no time at all. He doesn't hear the first few knocks on the door, and by the tenth, a short and lively nurse is waltzing into the flat, bustling about like a worker bee, throwing out garbage, placing clothes in the hamper and putting the kettle on before coming to sit at his side. \"Poor man,\" she whispers, turning off the looped music and setting it next to a basket of dusty TV remotes that sit at his feet. Alex stirs when he feels her hand tap a bony knee; smiling warmly when he sees her familiar features. Her gentle presence banishes the aches he feels, both inside and out. \"My angel's come to see me.\" he says, leaning over to give her nose a gentle tap. \"How's my lovey this mornin'?\" she replies before planting a kiss on his snow-white hair. They share a moment of small talk and playful banter before the woman brings her tote filled with various pills and treatments up to her lap. Only, she doesn't follow through with the routine, as per normal…but, instead, places both of her elbows onto the box, pressing her hands to her cheeks. Alex laughs as she bats her long eyelashes, knowing exactly why she's come to see him at such an early hour. \"Perhaps you lot would prefer I moved my things into his room.\" he says. It's said in jest, but by her expression, Alex wonders if she'll actually take him up on the offer. \"I know; I'm sorry, Alex. If I had any other options...but, you're truly the only thing that calms him down.\" \"He needs me,\" Alex replies, rising slowly from the chair as the nurse assists him with his gray knit cardigan. \"Yes, he does,\" she says, fetching the walker behind the chair and wheeling it directly in front of him. The kettle screams to be acknowledged on the other side of the wall just then and the elderly man reaches for the little white teacup he's used the night before; It still sits upon the end table beside him. \"My payment, if you please, m'lady.\" The nurse smiles and bows as she takes hold of it. \"Of course, my good sir!\" she replies, turning about face towards the assorted boxes of tea sitting on the counter. She unwraps one and lets it steep in the, now, filled teacup and sets it carefully on the seat of the walker, making sure it doesn't slide around. Taking only another minute for socks and shoes, they set off together on what was becoming, a more and more frequent endeavor. Coming to the aid of a friend was a privilege; Alex never once complains about the fact that he's become someone else's stability in the short time spent in a care home, nestled away in the countryside. That's not what makes walking down halls of vintage floral wallpaper and burgundy carpet feel weightier than any march to war he's ever faced...It isn't why he tucks the sadness away in a back pocket for another time...why his hands are trembling harder than usual as they grip the handles of the walker. No... What makes this daily task so incredibly gut wrenching is the love he carries for a brother in arms. A brother whose soul was undeniably knit to his nearly seventy years ago. He's only a few feet from their destination when he hears the shouts. They're angrier than anything and Alex relaxes a bit. Anger could be soothed...anger didn't make him want to weep and beg his friend to come back to him. It didn't make him wish that he could carry it all, the pain...confusion...the terror... \"Tom? I've brought someone to visit you,\" the nurse says after lightly tapping on the door. There are four assistants standing near the entrance, all of them elated to see that Alex has finally arrived. He shakes his head at such a helpless lot before focusing all of his attention to the fragile creature on the hospital bed. \"Bit early for a row, isn't it, Tommy boy?\" His friend's eyes finally meet his and Alex knows there's no notes of recognition in them. Sometimes it only takes a few minutes; other times he remains only a stranger in the room. Regardless, the other man always benefits from the visit...as do any other parties involved. Tommy's raven black hair has long been replaced by a few wispy grays on a balding head. Only his moss colored eyes and the birthmark on the right side of his chin remain unaffected by time. \"They're tryin' to take my food, mate,\" he says, \"I told 'em I'm not finished with it yet, but they're just plannin' to let me...let me starve in here, I s'ppose.\" A tray of last night's dinner sits atop his legs. Two pieces of soggy, breaded fish lay on a plate, only a bite taken out of each. The shriveled chips remain as well, scattered from having been examined, but otherwise untouched. Pushing aside dismal observations, Alex tries a more direct approach this morning. He takes a seat at his companion's bedside, managing to sidestep the conflict entirely. \"Oi...It's your...ol' chum, Alex...Remember?\" he says with a groan as his body settles into the chair. Intuition pays off as the other man searches over the face that stares at him so attentively. Alex imagines young Tommy in that moment...tearing curtains off the very windows of his soul to peer up into bright sunlight. It is the only way he can describe the emotion happening before his eyes. \"Alex? You've grown so old,\" Tommy says, reaching a wrinkled, trembling hand out. Alex chuckles and grasps it in his own, patting it affectionately and laying it back down on the blanket. \"Best look in the mirror, mate. At least I've still kept my teeth.\" A few snickers escape the workers and Alex winks at them, passing the dirty tray to the one standing an arm's length away, but keeping his eyes fixed on Tommy. It doesn't faze the other man in the slightest and he sits up to show off his companion. \"Do you know...this man was with me through the entire war?\" he rasps out. Alex stares at the floor as the youngsters don over-exaggerated expressions of curiosity and amazement. It really shouldn't matter that he's lost count of how many times their story has been shared. Why does he care as long as Tommy's smiling...as long as the bloke feels safe and secure? At the very least, he should be grateful that his friend was not completely lost to him... yet . \"...and then I reached my hand out, cause I seen him struggling in the water, see?\" Tommy carries on, \"The ship would've...squished his guts all over the mole...but I...I...\" Alex's brow furrows when the story comes to a halt; grabbing for the other man's hand when he hears the first sniffle. Emotional highs and lows were a normal part of life with dementia, but this was one of Tommy's favorite things to share. 'The beginning of a lifelong brotherhood' he used to say. What was going on in that silly ol' noggin of his? \"You saved me,\" Alex says, hoping that by doing so, his companion could reset and continue on in the telling. Tommy's bottom lip quivers as a tissue box is laid in his lap. He only manages to blow his nose before he's quietly weeping into his hands. \"Tom, what's all this now? Something's got you all worked up,\" Alex says, rubbing small circles over his friend's back, hating that he feels every part of the man's spine through the hospital gown. \"Life… is truly but a breath,\" Tommy replies. \"I'm...I'm worried about you, mate.\" \"Me? You're worried for me?\" Alex tries to wrap his head around such information before something finally clicks. He was in far better shape physically and mentally than the one concerned...but now he understands that this has nothing to do with either. Tommy's not looking at the 'hear and now'...truthfully, he never has. Have you really forgotten such a thing? \"Well then...\" Alex says after a drawn-out pause. \"Fancy a story? I should think that by the end of it, you'll not be frettin' anymore.\" Tommy nods and sniffs a few more times, hope dancing across his features as he settles in like an eager child about to read a bedtime fairy tale. None of the staff members budge from where they stand and Alex isn't sure why he's suddenly so shy about it. At his age, there was nothing to blush over anymore...nothing to keep inside. None the less his cheeks warm as he works out where to begin. \"Don't you young people have a job to do?\" he asks them. \"We're on break,\" a cheeky tween replies, grinning widely from ear to ear as she chews on a piece of gum. Everyone laughs as the veteran rolls his eyes and waves them off; all five of them remain to hear a piece of history...a bit of meaning to keep close in their hearts. \"Do you not recall anything from Normandy?\" Alex asks his companion, not surprised to see the man shake his head back and forth. No, I don't suppose you would... \"There was a time when we were done for...you and I... An explosion on the beach, just near the cliffs...You'd just been shot right off the barge... I had to carry you on my back...\" ... Sixty-Five Years Earlier... \"This one's gone. Mark the time and date.\" \"I need more room, soldier. Move the body to the morgue and prepare the bed for another patient!\" \"You there! Run and fetch us some more blankets...keep the stable ones warm before the shock kills them off!\" Alex's green eyes are barely opening when he hears the voices hovering above and around him. They are male...female...quiet and harsh. Screams echo off tunneled walls as metal objects clink together and feet run about until every sound blends together to make one hair-raising symphony. \" If you can hear me, love, we're keeping you on your side so that you can breathe a bit better. Your back's been badly burned, but you're gonna be alright.\" Alex doesn't realize the reassurance is for him until he feels the many gloved hands gripping his arms and legs in place. A cold tube brushes across his bare chest, and he coughs hard onto the sheet beneath him, blood sputtering from his lips as he does. There are three nurses standing in front of his view, their red crosses a stark contrast to the ivory aprons they're wearing. \" I said clear this bed! Get him out of here, immediately!\" Alex fixes his gaze on the white sheet behind his caretakers then. It's only after he notices a lanky body veiled beneath it that he's choking on air. \"Tommy?\" his voice squeaks, attempting to reach out for what is directly in front of him. \"...Tom!?\" Two men in uniform shuffle over to dump the limp and scrawny form up and onto a gurney before quickly carrying it out of sight. There are no explanations...no parting words...not even a bloody farewell and with this...Alex loses it. \"Stop! Stop! Oh, God! Please, Please, no!\" He instinctively rocks forward, nearly falling off the bed as strangers swoop over in a feeble attempt to restrain and calm. \"Hold onto him! Keep him in place or he'll damage himself further. I need another 1.5 cc of morphine over here!\" some assistant shouts over the guttural howls of her patient. \"God, have mercy. Was that his mate?\" another whispers, tears springing to her eyes when a medic nods from the other side of the bed. The nurses exchange glances with the other staff involved, all of them cut to the heart for, yet another, soldier going mad on the table. All of them wonder the same thing. How long would the horrors of war last? How long would they have to endure seeing their countrymen lie here like wretched infants without a hope? \"Bring him back! Bring him back!\" Alex continues to beg deliriously as he watches them strip the bloody sheets off from where Tommy had just been, replacing them with clean ones for the next incoming casualty. \"What's happened? Stop! He already has morphine running through his system! Are you planning to kill him off?\" a field nurse says just then. She grabs her apron and ties it back in under a second, rushing over to assess the situation. She kicks herself for having gone to the loo and grabbing a few crackers from the galley. Her patients always suffered from the necessary breaks, thus why they were so far and in between. She holds a special place in her heart for this one is particular...not because he's handsome, mysterious or pitiful...as were the usual reasons a soldier could find favor in a nurse's eye. It's the story the army surgeon had shared upon their arrival that causes fierce loyalty to manifest itself. \"If you're able...keep these two together. We found this one on top of the other, trying to save the other boy's life...only time will tell if he succeeded,\" the man had said. There had been no time to scream...no time to cry when she had seen the face of her baby brother lying lifeless with a bullet through his chest. There was only shock and the mechanical feeling in her arms and legs as she had to cut ruthlessly through burnt uniforms with a pair of dull scissors, staving off panic for when she could do no more for the sibling she adored and the stranger who had selflessly kept him alive. She could never hope to repay him...the sacrifice was beyond price. Instead, she would throw her very life into tending to him. She would wash the dirt from his skin, dress the wounds that covered his body and feed his empty stomach until he came back to the land of the living so that he could personally hear the gratitude pour from her lips. \"They just took his mate's body,\" a young volunteer says, making her snap from her thoughts. \"What!?... For goodness sake! His mate's the one on the left!\" she shouts, hastily weaving her way around the others and climbing onto the bed. She kneels just behind Alex to hold him steady and pin his arms to his chest, all while keeping her knees from touching the bandaged burns on his back. \"Listen to me, love. I know...I know, you've just had quite a fright...but, I promise you, Tommy's still here,\" she says, running her fingers through his matted, brown hair. \"He's safe...You're safe.\" Tommy had never mentioned this boy in his letters; seeing the level of grief bleeding out of him, makes her question why she doesn't know who he is. It makes her want to understand the depth of their friendship...but then again, her brother had always kept quiet on the details of war life...choosing to speak of his longing for home and the memories they share rather than the hell he was facing. Alex listens to the woman's words; he wants to believe what he hears, but he's lost everything one too many times. The familiar agony tells him this is permanent...that he was a fool to ever hope again. \"I was gonna tell him I got saved on Saturday,\" he sobs, watching someone else mop up blood from the floor around the empty space. \"I wanted him to take me to that church he's always talkin' about.\" \"He will, sweetheart. He will...\" The field nurse glances behind her at the black-haired boy sleeping next to them, who still lies unconscious and wrapped up in wool to his ears. \"Can we...transfer this lad over to this bed?\" she asks, stopping a few medics passing by and gesturing to the patient behind her. When they give her odd looks, she points sharply to the bed in front of her. \"He needs to see that his friend is alive. I can't move him from this spot, now, if you please, gentlemen; have some bloody compassion!\" The medics don't hesitate at the explanation, more due to shouted orders than empathy. Alex stares at the messy tufts of ebony laid down on the pillow, followed by Tommy's sleeping face as a medic tucks the wool blanket under his chin, securing the bottle of blood plasma up and out of the way. \"There you are, darling,\" the field nurse whispers. \"See, he's right here, next to you.\" Alex melts beneath her grip; silent sobs wrack his shoulders as a paralyzing relief sets inhis muscles. At first, he can't speak; too shaken from the fit and spooked nerves. But, when he finally does, there hints of amusement in his tone. \"I would've...cursed at him something fierce... a week ago...\" he says, sucking in sharp, little breaths as he watches the even rise and fall of his comrade's chest. It's the proof he needs...evidence that Tommy was no longer a corpse being tossed in a bag somewhere; unseen. \"...but, I'm working on that.\" Tommy's sister holds back a smile, letting go of the boy, but unable to pull her hand from his hair just yet. \"You need to work on resting now.\" she orders. Picking up a clean rag, she wipes the blood from his lips and dabs at his cheeks, making a mental note to listen to his lungs again once he's slept for a bit. Alex wants to thank her, but his throat feels like it's on fire from the smoke and the screaming. His eyes won't stay open another moment so he settles with a whispered, \"Yes, ma'am,\" before succumbing to the first peaceful sleep he's had in five years. ... \"I remember,\" Tommy says suddenly with tears in his eyes. \"You ended up marrying my sister after that...we became brothers, you and I.\" Alex grins at this, grabbing the other man's face and planting a big kiss on his bald head. \"Not just in marriage, ol'chap,\" he says with a laugh. \"Eternal brothers,\" Tommy finishes for him, his face awash in joy-filled weeping as some of the memories flow back to his mind like a babbling brook. \"God be praised.\" Alex pulls a folded piece of paper from his shirt pocket; its edges dark and smudged from oil and age. Taking great care to open it without bringing further damage, he lays it on Tommy's lap, waiting for the man to understand its value. He watches hands gently pick up the item, shaking profusely as his friend recalls what he's holding. \"You kept it?\" he asks. It's the very same verse Tommy had left under Alex's pillow near the beginning of the war, the cursive writing has faded on the stationary, but it's still bold enough to read off the page. \"All these years...\" \"You rescued me from the beaches...you let me stay by your side during the war, introduced me to your beautiful sister and even let me marry her,\" Alex's eyebrows bob up and down at this, causing giggles from a few of the ladies that continue to listen on in fascination. \"...and you absolutely led me to the Lord, Tom.\" Tommy buries his face in the crook of his arm, unable to respond as he lies back against the pillows, feeling Alex run a thumb across his free hand. \"Now...isn't it high time you let someone bless you for a change, mate? We aren't getting any younger.\" Truth be told, there isn't a dry eye in the room at this moment. Not one person is left untouched by such pure and unabashed love. It is something they have only read about on the news...a brief article seen while scrolling on the internet. None of it holds a candle to the real thing...to what they're experiencing right before their eyes. \"Amazing grace, how sweet the sound...that saved a wretch like me...\" Alex's voice rasps out the lyrics of the old hymn with a bit of effort, but he's sung it to Tommy every day since they've arrived in this home, and it seems to be the appropriate time for such a thing. Tommy helps him finish the last part of the verse, both of them traveling far off to another time...another place only they can go. At first, a few of the observers look down out of respect, feeling the intimate moment wasn't meant for them, like they had intruded on a private prayer, but as the first verse ends, Alex turns to them and gestures a conductors wave with his arms and soon everyone sings out the hymn with the enthusiasm of a professional church choir. It doesn't matter that half of them are off key...or that there are verses messed up and out of order, because the look on old Tommy's face as he listens to a song that has more meaning today than it ever has in his entire life is something priceless and forever cherished to those that stand around him. In five short years, these two men, who shared an unbreakable bond ordained from the beginning of time, would both be only a memory here on the earth, forever in the hearts of those who were blessed enough to hear their story. There are still times when Alex's favorite caretaker stops to study the old photograph of the war buddies now displayed in the care home's entryway. She likes to imagine their reunion in heaven. Would Alex have run to embrace Tommy, scolding him and laughing about such a late arrival? Would Tommy have wept like he always had in his final days here? Did they laugh and dance together as they entered into the joys of the Lord? What was it like to come face to face with Jesus himself? One thing was absolutely certain. Those two would never hurt again...forever free in the arms of their savior. They had fought the good fight... both the earthly war and the one in spirit...They would surely rest in peace for all eternity, safe and secure forever and ever... ... ... General Hospital, England 1944 \"Thank you, Lord...for bringing him into my life...he helped me heal...he...led me to you...so please...have mercy on him...and... fix him for me...please...\" Tommy hears the prayer, but the voice doesn't match. His brow twitches as he works hard at opening his eyes for the first time in days. When he finally manages to turn his head towards the sound, he sees Alex sitting with his face pointed downward, nose touching the mattress, one of his hands rests upon Tommy's chest, but the movement alerts him to his friend's consciousness and he recoils it back into his lap. \"Tom?..Tommy?\" Alex leans in closer, setting a hand on the top of the other boy's head. \"You were praying for me.\" Tommy whispers, eyebrows furrowed as he fights the grogginess. \"Am I dreaming?\" \"No.\" \"Am I dead?\" \"No, you're not dead...cheeky blighter.\" Alex sniffs in amusement as his friend tries to solve the puzzle in such a state. \"Don't think too hard, burn a hole through that noggin of yours.\" Tommy continues to stare back at his friend, neither of them sure on what to say at the moment. Alex sits back and puts his hands behind his head, stretching his muscles and wincing from the pain of it. His knee bobs speedily up and down as he looks at his palms like they're suddenly fascinating. \"I had planned to tell you after the mission was over,\" he begins at last, occasionally making eye contact with the other boy. \"I thought, maybe, if you had known beforehand...that you'd think something daft, like...'my work's done here' and... I don't know...give up your life.\" A tear rolls down Tommy's cheek and onto the pillow as he listens, his face stoic though his heart pounds hard in his chest. \"But…when I woke up...and you weren't there...I thought I'd lost you...and that-\" Alex stops to collect himself, scratching beneath his chin and clearing his throat. He exhales slowly through his lips and tries again, hoping he could keep it together. \"...I was so...scared...And I just kept thinking...Why, God?... Why?\" Alex growls as his eyes and nose leak on their own accord. He may as well finish his thoughts with reckless abandonment at this point. Pride? Was there ever such a thing before he had encountered this weaselly little scoundrel? \"Well...there it is, I s'ppose,\" he continues. \"You're not dead...and now...I can finally tell you that I... have truly been...born again.\" \"Alex.\" \"What?\" Tommy raises his arm out and Alex doesn't hesitate to hug the boy, thankful that he didn't have to go on in his ramblings any more since he's never been good with words anyway. \"Thank God.\" Tommy murmurs, pulling away and wiping his swollen eyes. \"Eternal brothers, mate...you know, you're actually stuck with me forever now.\" He laughs from deep within his frame and Alex soon finds himself joining in, shaking his head and throwing up his hands in mock horror. \"Oh my God, what have I signed up for!?\" he cries out. \"Forever AND ever...that's what it says, I'm afraid.\" \"Done.\" Alex replies, sighing heavily and raking his hands through his hair. Tommy chuckles a bit more before glancing around the room, eyes searching for something unseen. \"Did my pocket Bible survive?\" he asks. Alex pulls the sought-after item out from a bag hanging up by the head board, dusting it off before giving it to the other soldier. Tommy pulls it to his chest and pauses there a moment. Alex wonders whether he's praying or simply pleased that the Holy book is back in his possession. Whatever the case, he eventually opens it up in search for a passage, and when it gets too exhausting, his arms limply bring it to Alex, hoping the other bloke will find it for him. \"I don't know if I...\" Alex says. \"Gotta start somewhere, mate.\" The older boy groans and Tommy suppresses a laugh, helping him get to the verse he wants as best he can. \"Got it!\" Alex says, quite pleased with his efforts. \"Good. Now, read it out loud.\" Tommy replies, smiling when his friend curls up his lip at the notion. \"Go on then. Off you go!\" After some more grumbling and coaxing, Alex caves to reading the words, setting it down on the bed so that Tommy can read it too. \"I have fought a good fight...I have finished my course...I have kept the faith...Henceforth there is laid up for me a crown of righteousness, which the Lord, the righteous judge, shall give me at that day: and not to me only, but unto all them also that love his appearing. 2 Timothy 4:7-8 \" Alex closes the Bible as he finishes the last line, taking in what he's just read. \"Our fight's just begun,\" he says matter of fact. But there's no notes of anxiety in his words. Perfect peace rests upon his bandaged shoulders. For him, the new feeling is nothing short of miraculous. Tommy sinks back onto his pillow, closing his eyes and nodding in agreement. \"Alex?\" he asks. \"Tom?\" Alex replies. \"If ever we should make it to be a couple of old geezers...you and I... I mean, if we get to survive this war...find ourselves a couple of wives and live out even a hint of normalcy...let's not part ways.\" \"No. Not ever, God willing.\" Alex smiles and ruffles his comrade's hair. Tommy's eyes remain closed but he smiles right back, falling asleep to Alex's voice as he shares what's happened between the beaches and the transport home, while a gentle breeze flows in through an open window and the gulls call from the not too distant shore. ... A/N: Thank you to everyone who read this story! It's been awhile since I've completed something and I've had so much fun writing it.. Let me know what you think and God Bless you! ","Summary":" Summary: Alex hasn't left Tommy's side since his rescue at the Mole. He's not ready to let go of th"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"Minino Yoonmin","Author":"Vey.Cam","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13131091","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Min YoonGi es un joven que prefiere estar solo a rodeado de gente, prefiere las mañanas tomando café tranquilo en su casa que a las apuradas por la calle, y prefiere el suave ronroneo de un gato a la mañana que a despertar sin ello. Lo que el no sabía era que de un día para el otro la llegada de un pequeño minino alteraría su día a día. Pareja principal: Yoonmin Menciones: Vkook, Namjin[Chapter 2] Pov Yoongi Salí enojado del edificio, había estado trabajando todo el día porque supuestamente hoy me daban mi sueldo, cuando termino el día me dieron la mitad de lo que me prometieron, encima no había traído paraguas y estaba todo nublado y parecía que comenzaría a llover, parece que la suerte no está de mi lado el día de hoy. Después de caminar unas cuadras comenzó a caer la lluvia fuertemente, cerré mi campera pero no tenia ni siquiera una capucha para poder tapar mi cabeza. De pronto escuche un ruido del otro lado de la cerca, al parecer había un terreno baldío del otro lado, me asome por arriba de esta y podía ver con claridad solo de puntitas de pie. Había mucha basura, cosas que no servían y entre todo esto cerca de la valla había una caja boca abajo que se movía. Como todo ser curioso que soy trepe y pase al otro lado cayendome. -Mierda - Susurre hecha do maldiciones mientras me levantaba rápidamente y sacarme el barro. Me acerque a la caja y la levante dejando desprotegido a un gato que estaba debajo, lo más extraño de todo esto es que era un gato de raza, un gato calicopara ser exactos. Lo tome en brazos y lo escondí de la lluvia en mi abrigo y casi inmediatamente sentí el suave ronroneo del minino, mire a ambas direcciones y no parecía haber nadie así que salí de ahí. -Vamos a casa - Anuncie y comencé a caminar con dirección hacia mi hogar con mi nuevo amigo. ","Summary":" Min YoonGi es un joven que prefiere estar solo a rodeado de gente, prefiere las mañanas tomando caf"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"Just another twilight Saga 2","Author":"Storytime17","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9167720","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! My name is Summer and I'm a vampire but don't worry I'm not the only one! My friends Jannette Vampire, Kelly Vampire, Destiny Vampire, Marcus Vampire/human, Micheal vampire, James is a vampire. My best friend Sabrina is a wolf and so is my other friend Nick! My boyfriend Jason is a wolf too.. Yeah Yeah i know Vampire and werewolf don't go but we love each other! I'm not the only one with a relationship! Jannette is dating Marcus, Kelly is dating Micheal, Destiny is dating James, Sabrina dating Nick And me, Summer is dating Jason. Well you know about me and my friends its time to hear my story! Im with my friends Jannette, Kelly, Destiny, and Sabrina at my house. I hear a knock my door- -i turn my head and i stand up as i go to the door opening it as the figure slams the rest of the door open- i scream as a mystery figure pulls me out in the hall, slams my back against the wall- Were's jason the deep voice asked very rough and loud.- i hear it close as it sounds like a guy i grip his arms trying to pull them off my neck as he clutches his hands tighter to hold on but eventually realizes,my eyes go dark- i dont know were he is i scream at him! The girls run out staring at the figure as they go and trying to attack as he uses a certain power that not everyone has, what this power is it sends a shock to there arms make them feel pain - They fall to the floor screaming in pain i stare at the figure- leave them alone my eyes get cold looking! -he says i want to know were jason is getting close to my face-! i say i dont know! -kicks the figure pinning them to the wall- why do you want jason?! - he says none of you god damn bussiness i grab him by the neck bangs his head against the ground as my friends are let go from his force as i smile well now this will be fun i have not done this in a while, I start griping his head into a certain position and breaks it as you hear a crack and snap right when the head is turned fully as his body falls hard against the floor i stare at the figure.- my friends run to me asking are you alright summer. i say yeah im fine, i dont know why he wanted to know were jason was but he will never know i smile- im sorry he did that to all of you -i rub my throat-. smh-janette says summer its ok. kelly says as well really, its fine he's done now so theres no worries. I say maybe not now but i have a feeling there will be more. I walk down hall my friends stare at me wanting to follow but i tell them just to stay, ive got to find jason and destiny says alright be careful. I run fast down the long hall and out the door passing by many people as i stare straight ahead without stopping i go through the woods looking for him, I stop short as i see him sitting by a small pond and i sit next to him kissing his cheek- He says hey what are you doing here? I say someone attacked us looking for you, Jason says what!? he gets up, i stand up as well. He says no one hurts you he gets upset i tell him i don't know who it was, his face and body was covered, but he's gone now. He says gone? like dead or left? I said dead, i had no choice he was giving my friends pain. Jason holds me close kissing my head, i love you summer, ill make sure next time no one will go after you. i smile i love you to, he says maybe to get your friends to calm down as well ill bring a surprise i smile oh no your not i laugh as i can tell what he is thinking. He said it will get there minds off of things and plus you want them to be happy right? I said of course i do .He says ill get the guys and bring them over he smirks as he flicks me on side of head i scream at him as he runs away i roll my eyes-. I Start walking out of wood heading back to my friends as they are already there and i look up woo, girls what are you doing here. We wanted to make sure you were alright says kelly. I say im just fine and jason has a gift for each of you . They all say really!? I said yup you girls will be extremly happy. Destiny says hes not going to take off his shirt is he? I said umm noo and we all give her a look, she says well sorry i laugh, its wont he wouldn't do that for you girls anyways i smirk.- They all laugh and Jannette says ooo lala summer of course keeping him for yourself i say shut up and i bite my lip- i put on my necklace jason gave me i smile- They catch my necklace and they all laugh and roll there eyes- -hears footsteps walking behind us We all turn around as we stand there as the four people come closer - They approach us up to my face i stare at the girl standing infront of me says what the hell are you doing here- pushes her away from me- she says You killed my brother. I say he was hurting my friends she says i dont give a crap You killed him! She grips my shoulder giving me a shock i turn around griping her arm i push her far she hits her back against the tree. the other three go after my friends as they prepared to fight and destiny takes on one guy, while kelly takes on this girl, and Jannette tackles one boy to the ground. I yell for sabrina to get jason as she runs off quick to find him. - they put up a good fight as i stare at my friends fighting trying to push the girl as she grips my head- One more move she whispers ill do exactly what you did to my brother,i grip her hands as jason comes running and sees whats going on with sabrina behind him his eyes go dark as he changes into a wolf with no hesitation and charges at the girl who had my head locked in her hands she gasps not realizing how large he is as a wolf , - i run off helping my other friends and sabrina jumps on ones back as i hear four other footsteps i smile as i turn around to see its nick, marcus, james , and michael. They come behind the two guys and other girl as they turn around and start charging after nick phases into a wolf and michael runs after another as he grabs him down to the guys get knocked out in a instant because of how strong they are .[Chapter 2] i went home that night after the fight and when i got home i saw flowers on my kitchen table and it had a note in it it say: \"i love you\" -Jason i called Jason to thank him for the flowers but when i told him he said i didn't send you any flowers and i said to him then who are these flowers from it says jason on the paper jason said ill be right there. When jason came to my house he looked at the flowers and he smelt it, He turns to me and says summer these aren't real flowers we need to get out of the house now and jason grabbed my arm and we ran out we hid behind a tree a crossed the treat from my house then like 5 mins later my house explodes! IM In Shock! if i didn't call jason to say thank you i would of died. Jason looked at me and said \"are you alright summer\" i said \"yeah\" Jason said come to my house you can stay with me for now! i said ok when we got to his house \"oi\" i say-looking down- we hear a knock on the door and jason says sit tight ill get it as he smiles and walks to door then opens it as its sabrina,destiny,kelly,and jannette, also the guys came, michael, marcus, james and nick. Jannette and destiny hugs me kelly says summer are you alright? I say yes i am Between bombs, and my house gone -rolls my eyes- Very funny summer says nick. james says- wth i dont get why anyone is going after you guys? I say i dont know. -jason wraps his arms round my waist and says listen its over now, its going to be hard but it will be ok. - sighs yeah your probably right i say- James walks over and says listen as jason said everything will be ok for all of us.I say ok.- I tell everyone ill be right back- Walks outside and says to myself im going to end this, i wanna find who keeps doing this. - walks down street into a empty peice of land and coinceadently a figure walks out to me I turn around i feel his breathing down my neck as he is right behind me- I ask who are you?- he says somone you may know i look down im sorry i dont comprehend what you are saying- He says let me make myself more clear- he walks infront of me.- I was that person you had a conflict here when you first arrived, I stare at him- Your the one who attacked me- my hands clench into fists- He laughs well if thats how you want to think. I say in anger thats not how i want to think, thats how it happined!- I slap him- He says now, there was no need for that he grips my arm sending a lightening shock through it i feel it through my hole body as i start to fall in pain i scream let me go!- He lets go of my arm and pulling me opposite direction as i turn other way facing the ground-. I turn quickly,- What do you want from me.. He says its very simple, remember that ugly disagreement you had with a group of people i dont recall there names but i only know one, She says what about it? He said well, she was one of my good friends. and your boyfriend killed her!- i get up they were attacking us! He said, i dont care jason killed him! I want him to pay,he says- I tell him no, leave him alone. My eyes go dark i charge after him attacking him to the ground- he throws me off i hit my back against the ground and slowly sits up- he runs to me i roll away fighting him, while back at the house jason wonders were i am and gets worried, as sabrina and nick offer to go look for me.- he says alright,.Sabrina and nick run out of house looking for me ,- sabrina calls my name and nick looks carefully around- She says to him any luck? He says nope.- They keep looking then they see a fight and sabrina says yeah i think i found summer.- She runs up to us, nick runs and phases into a wolf sabrina walks to me and starts walking away a bit, we both turn around as its an easy kill for nick and she phases back gives me a look and comes to me he says your always getting into trouble, all of us have to come to your rescue,- he says, jason doesnt deserve a trouble maker, - pushes me out of way and walks off and sabrina looks at me and says hes not thinking summer, please dont listen to him. I say yeah ive been told that all my life, it doesnt make a difference.- I turn around screaming you know nick your some piece of work to say somthing like that, maybe if you were nicer you wouldnt be so irritated, I run off and sabrina yells summer wait!, I block her out i sit by a tree hugging my knees sighing- Sabrina runs after nick and finally catches up she says what the f -was that about? You really did it this time.- he realizes what he says and looks down, i didnt mean it it was wrong, She says sure as hell it was wrong now she ran off idk were she went. Sabrina walks ahead and back to the house and nick goes to his- Sabrina says everything is ok, jason said um then were is she. Sabrina says nick made her run off, HE said what did nick say!? She tells him what nick said jason gets upset, and then cools down, let him cool down ill go get summer,- he walks out and destiny says what in the world? sabrina says you dont wanna know. Jannette says clearly,- Kelly -facepalm- marcus and james sit down and marcus asks, nick gets like that alot hot headed, Try growing up with him. James says wow- Sabrina says ok ok lets not pick on him , he just is upset and not in a good mood. ","Summary":" Hi! My name is Summer and I'm a vampire but don't worry I'm not the only one! My friends Jannette V"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Perfect Insanity","Author":"filmfanatic0","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6122674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Perfect Insanity Anna is now in the Secure Ward at a mental institution. But why would she be put there after doing something so brave and necessary? Virtually everything that happened that night was a blur… \"I don't think it's a good idea that you stay here very long, Anna,\" Dr. Silberling said slowly. \"You mean I can leave again?\" Anna asked hopefully. \"Yes, but not to where you may be thinking,\" Dr. Silberling said forlornly. \"Where would I be going?\" Anna asked suspiciously. \"The North Shore Institution,\" he told her with great guilt in his voice. \"I can't help you anymore, Anna. No one here can.\" Anna started to shake. She could feel her face turn red and pulse get higher as it started roaring in her ears. \"Now, Anna. Relax,\" Dr. Silberling said cautiously. Anna leaped out of her chair, ran out of the room and slammed the door shut. She ran all the way to her room at the end of the hall, where her sister Alex waited. \"Hey. What's up?\" asked Alex. Anna ignored her and started looking through her room. \"Whoa, what's with you? What happened?\" Alex tried again. \"They're not sending me there,\" Anna said under her breath. \"They can't send me there, I didn't do anything to deserve to go there.\" \"Ok, Anna. Just tell me what happened in there,\" Alex demanded. \"Dr. Silberling said that no one here can help me anymore,\" Anna explained. \"So they're sending me to the North Shore Institution.\" \"What?\" Alex practically screamed. \"Anna, you know who they send there, don't you?\" \"No, but why should it matter?\" Anna asked. \"The full name of that place is The North Shore Institution for the Criminally Insane , Anna. That's why it matters,\" Alex said. \"What?\" Anna whipped her head around, feeling herself begin to spiral out of control again. \"Anna, calm down,\" Alex said soothingly. \"Why should I?\" Anna screamed as she started to go on a rampage, ripping her room apart. \"Because they might not send you there if you don't act out or do anything stupid,\" Alex explained. Anna started thinking . Wait. I could feel myself spiraling out of control. It happened twice in the last few minutes. I started tearing my room up just because I got upset. And I've been seeing more people lately… People I know aren't there. \"Maybe I belong there,\" Anna said, her voice filled with sadness. \"What would make you say that ? \" Alex asked. \"Think about it, Alex. I've been hearing things so loudly that I sink to the floor in pain and just scream until they go away. I've been seeing all of these terrible things that I know aren't there, but that doesn't really seem to help me, does it? Maybe I'm just falling apart,\" Anna said with a huge lump in her throat. \"Anna, stop,\" Alex said firmly. Anna looked at Alex. \"Just stop it,\" Alex repeated. \"Don't think like that. There's no reason for you to start overreacting to everything. You're probably fine, it's just this place. It'll take some time, Anna.\" \"Well I'm being moved to an institution for the criminally insane now, aren't I?\" Anna asked darkly. Alex stared at Anna, not knowing what to say. \"Criminally insane,\" Anna mumbled to herself. \"I'm not insane.\" \"Ok, Anna, let's just thinkfor a minute,\" said Alex. \"What's there to think about? They're not sending me there!\" Anna argued. \"I'm just trying to think of a way out of this,\" Alex said slowly, giving Anna time to cool off. When Anna turned her head, she saw another hideous thing beside her. She decided to call them the voices, since those seemed to be what they really were. It had gray-white skin. It had one eye that was barely in the socket and the other was completely missing. Chunks of flesh were rotting off of its' face, and the jaw was twisted to the right. Blood was pouring out of its' head, where there was an axe wound. Anna shrieked when she saw it. The voice reached out a hand and said in a raspy, gurgling voice \" You know you can't go anywhere else… you belong there and you know it. \" It scratched its' long fingernail with dirt and blood caked under it at Anna's throat. Anna cried out in pain and screamed, \"Get away from me!\" as she started lashing out trying to hit it. \"Anna, what are you doing ?\" Alex shouted as she tried to restrain her sister. \"Get it away!\" Anna shouted again. Alex stepped in front of Anna and waited until she had calmed down to sit her on the bed in the room. \"What was that?\" asked Alex. \"You didn't see it?\" \"No, I didn't.\" Anna put her head in her hands and started shaking. She was doing everything she could not to cry. \"It's getting worse,\" Anna said sadly. Alex put her hand on her sister's back to comfort her. \"I should go, shouldn't I?\" Anna asked Alex. \"I think it's really for the best, Anna. They might be able to help you,\" Alex said. Anna didn't know how to reply to that. She didn't know how they treated people like her at those places. So Anna just stood up and started packing, unaware of how soon she would be leaving. Dr. Silberling came by and saw Anna packing. He said, \"Anna, I'm so sorry I couldn't have done more for you. Would you like some help packing?\" Dr. Silberling watched as Anna looked at the empty bed and said, \"No thanks, Alex is going to help me.\" Dr. Silberling got a sad look on his face as he stared at Anna. Then he just gave a tired smile and left the doorway. Anna looked on her bed where Alex was sitting. \"I wonder why he looked at me like that,\" Anna said. \"Well, he's probably really sorry you have to go to a place like that, Anna,\" Alex said. \"Why did you act all polite ? He's sending you to a criminally insane institution.\" \"Yeah well like you said, if I don't act out or do anything stupid they might not send me,\" Anna replied. \"Anna, I don't think that's going to help you,\" Alex said. \"Why not?\" \"Because you've been here long enough for them to see if you were ever going to improve at this place.\" Anna thought about this. It was true. She had been there for 6 months. Surely if there was something wrong with her then it would have been fixed by now or at least gotten better, not worse. \"Ok. Now help me pack,\" Anna said. Alex hopped up from the bed and helped Anna put all of her stuff in her bag. \"Well, that's everything,\" said Alex as she stared at the bare room. \"I'd better go find Dr. Silberling,\" said Anna. Anna left Alex in the room and walked down the hallway. She made a left and bumped right into Dr. Silberling. He was on his way back from the cafeteria with a cup of coffee in his hands. \"Oh,\" he said in surprise. \"Hi, Anna. What can I do for you?\" \"When am I leaving?\" Anna asked with tears in her eyes. \"First thing tomorrow. It's a good thing you packed now,\" Dr. Silberling said. \"I'm so sorry I told you on such short notice but I wanted to keep you as happy as you could be here until it was time for you to leave.\" Anna just nodded and walked back down the hallway, wiping her eyes. She stormed into her room and slammed the door shut. \"When?\" Alex asked. \"Tomorrow; first thing,\" Anna replied. \"He wanted to keep me in the dark as long as he could so I wouldn't be upset.\" \"Anna…\" Alex started. \"I don't want to go there!\" Anna interrupted. She slumped onto her bed. \"You won't be able to visit me, and I'll be surrounded by insane people that want to hurt me!\" \"Anna, you don't know that,\" Alex said. \"Yes I do,\" Anna said. \"You don't know what I've been through and now I have to be moved to a place even worse than this.\" \"Just stay with me, Anna,\" Alex tried. \"Maybe it's not all that bad. If they give you treatments that work then you'll be fine.\" \"And if they don't?\" \"Then they'll keep trying until they do ,\" Alex said. Anna was actually touched her sister cared so much. And she was doing a pretty good job at convincing her that she would be ok. Maybe she would be. The next day, Anna got a rude awakening. She shot up in bed when her metal door was kicked open. There were men dressed in black and men with hospital uniforms on. \"What's going on?\" Anna asked hurriedly. \"Come with us,\" one of the men in a hospital uniform said as he took her arm slowly. \"No!\" Anna said as she jerked away. \"I'm not ready !\" A man in black pulled out a shot, probably a sedative. \"I'll ask you again,\" he said. \"Come with us.\" Just taking necessary measures, Anna thought. These men deal with insane people all the time. I'll show them I'm not crazy . \"Ok,\" Anna said as she got out of her bed. She noticed they had taken her bag with everything in it. The same man in the hospital uniform that had tried before reached out his hand and Anna took it. They led her out to their car, which looked a lot like an ambulance. When they opened the doors and Anna looked inside, she saw the voices waiting for her. Whispers crammed her head and made it throb. This time she could actually understand some of what they were saying. Anna, you don't know what this will do to you . More nonsense whispering. You don't know what they do to people like you, do you Anna ? The men threw her in the truck when she started to protest at the voices. She screamed as they started the truck and drove. One of the voices grabbed her face in its' hands and said \" Oh, Anna. You know all too well. They'll take you, put you in a straight jacket, and lock you in a padded room. And the only time they'll take you out is to put you in a room full of mirrors, showing you all of us. And they'll torture you. And they'll shock you… and shock you… until all you do is laugh, Anna. \" \"Shut up,\" Anna spat at it. The voice scratched Anna's face with its' fingernails and blood streamed out of the wound. Anna yelped in pain and put a hand on the cut to stop the bleeding. \" There are consequences for everything you do, Anna. Do you understand ?\" Anna slowly nodded her head. The voice took the seat next to her, and the rest of the ride was in utter silence. Finally, the men came around to the back of the truck and opened the doors. \"Thank you! Please take me out! Take me out ! \" Anna shouted. She had now completely lost all control. \"Calmly,\" said a man in a hospital uniform. \"walk to me.\" Anna did as she was told. \"Good. Now come into my arms.\" Anna stepped out of the truck and the man took her arms behind her back and started walking into the building with her. He held her so tightly it hurt. \"Ow!\" Anna cried out in pain and panicked. Suddenly all of the men were around her and holding her any way they could to restrain her. \"Get off me!\" Anna shrieked. She started convulsing uncontrollably, trying to get them away from her. The voices in Anna's head were screaming and her head began to pound. \"Stop screaming at me!\" Anna yelled to the air. The men were now carrying her up the steps to the North Shore Institution for the Criminally Insane. On the outside, it appeared as a prison. However on the inside, it was much more horrifying. At first, all you saw was a single hallway. The hallway was made out of old bricks and cement. It was lit by a single oil lantern, whose flame was flickering violently, threatening to go out. The men dragged Anna down the hallway. At the end of the hallway, you had to turn left, the right side just bricks consumed by darkness. There were cells all along the hallway that the previous one led to. To be accurate, there were 50 cells in the one hallway. At the very end, though, the final 50th cell was solitary confinement. It was empty at the moment, but solitary never stayed empty for long. Next to solitary, there was a door. Quietly, the men took Anna down the hallway, and Anna got a good look at each patient. The first one she saw was a girl. About 17 or 18 with frizzy red hair that had gone gray in some places. The feeling this place gave off made Anna sure they didn't just throw you somewhere and keep you there. \" They do things to people like you, Anna ,\" the voices said. As soon as the girl saw Anna, she ran up to the bars of her cell and opened her eyes widely, then opened her mouth as a look of hunger came across her face and her tongue came out of her mouth. Frightened, Anna turned away, only to be faced by all the other patients reaching through the bars of their cells. As they were moving, she saw so many things that scared her. Some people didn't even notice Anna was there. A few people were lying down on their beds, which were covered in blood. They were also bleeding and breathing dangerously hard. Even one person in cell #37 had glassy eyes and wasn't breathing. It terrified Anna to think what could have done that to him. They finally got past cell #50. All the men let one hand go, and led Anna to the door at the end of the hall. \"Mr. Nelson! We've got Anna Rydell here! The girl for cell 48,\" said a man Anna had never heard speak before. The next thing Anna heard was fumbling with what sounded like a dozen locks on the other side of the door. A man came out. He had a tired look on his face and casual clothing. \"Hello, Anna. Welcome to the North Shore Institution,\" said Mr. Nelson. All Anna did was glare at him. \"Ok, let's go to your cell, darling. I'll take it from here, boys.\" Mr. Nelson put out his arm and reached towards Anna to grab her. Anna slapped Mr. Nelson's hand away with strong force. Mr. Nelson calmly said, \"Don't do that, Anna. There will be consequences next time.\" Immediately Anna thought back to the voice that had deeply scratched her face in the van. How it told her that there were consequences for everything she does. At once Anna stopped trying to resist. \"Good girl. Now don't go anywhere,\" Mr. Nelson said after he grabbed Anna's arm. He slowly let go of it. Anna did nothing. Mr. Nelson found his keys, and went to the one that was numbered 48. He put it in the lock for the cell and opened the door. \"Come on in,\" said Mr. Nelson with a strange smile on his face. Anna stepped inside the cell, and looked around. Blood on the walls, and an old bed with God knows what stained all over it. Mr. Nelson looked at her again with that same smile and closed the cell door. Anna went up to the bars as Mr. Nelson locked the door and walked away. She watched as he walked away and went through the door at the end of the hallway. Listened as the locks clicked shut on the other side of the door. And then just listened to the sounds of her new home. There was screaming everywhere. Agonizingly terrible shrieks from every corner. This place was unique; it wasn't a place where they helped people. This was where all the patients got tortured until they couldn't take it anymore. It's like a game , Anna thought. How far can we go before you break? Will you even break at all? How much can you possibly stand before you're driven to the very farthest brink of insanity? I want to play . Anna smirked. And I'll win. THE END ","Summary":" Perfect Insanity Anna is now in the Secure Ward at a mental institution. But why would she be put t"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Into the Night","Author":"Cool And Creative Two","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8712351","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hello, and welcome, my fellow authors and readers! I had recently saw The Uninvited back when the movie came out in theaters in 2009, and I really enjoyed it. There has always been a thought in my head about what would have happened if Matt's back didn't buckle and bulge out in a gross way, and that's why I decided to write an AU story which will explore that possibility, and feature a lot more love and intimacy happening with Anna and Matt, so I hope that all of you will like it, and please give a review for the story after you've finished, and I apologize in advence that I've made it a little too long. Enjoy! Into the Night While Anna was asleep, many things were going through her frequent nightmare of a certain night that has been plaguing her for the past ten months. The first two memories were the curtains of the house being wide open, and then, with her slowly running through the dark forest. Next were three children, with two boys both wearing the same outfit of a blue shirt tucked in, and a black tie, while the girl wore a simple school uniform. Then came an image of a white door and a deep, mysterious liquid, most likely blood, and it was slowly pouring down the keyhole of the same white door. Drops of another liquid, that led to a trail of it coming down a wooden floor, and finally, the school girl dropped a glass of milk, which turned to blood right when the glass had shattered on the floor. A quick image of a body, which seemed to be one of the boys, entered Anna's mind before she suddenly woke up, and took a deep breath to calm herself down, until she heard the sound of her bedroom window opening. \"Hey, don't be afraid, I just didn't wanna wake your parents up.\" It was a soft voice that came from Anna's recent boyfriend, Matthew Hendricks, who had managed to safely make it through the window without getting himself hurt. \"Matt. Where were you? We waited down at the rock just like you said.\" Anna reminded, while getting out of her bed, and walking over to him. \"Yeah, I know.\" Matt replied, and had sounded like he was beginning to catch a cold, and Anna soon noticed that his shirt was very wet. \"What happened? You're all soaked.\" Anna said, as she had started to unbutton Matt's damp plaid shirt. \"Yeah, I fell and hurt my back or something.\" Matt responded, while Anna slowly helped him pull the shirt off from his body. \"Here. Come and sit down.\" Anna suggested, and she walked back to have a seat on her bed, while Matt did the same, and also laid his shirt down on it. \"I'm sorry it's so late, but it's just...\" Matt trailed off, and after a few seconds of complete silence between them, he spoke up again. \"I think you need to know the truth about what I saw that night.\" \"Tell me.\" Anna replied, but what he saw on that night didn't really matter to her when she could tell that he was still feeling cold. \"You're shivering.\" Anna mentioned, while smoothly rubbing down Matt's left shoulder and arm with her right hand. \"I can't feel anything. I'm scared, Anna.\" Matt said, as his body still trembled with saying all of those words. \"Don't be.\" Anna softly whispered, and a few slow seconds later, her face had started to come much closer to Matt's. Their eyes didn't escape from one another as their lips finally met and both of them laid a hand on each other's cheeks. Anna ran her right hand through Matt's hair, while he ran his left hand down the left side of Anna's clothed body. While they continued to kiss, She did the same with her hand coming down the left side of Matt's bare back. The lip locking soon became even more intimate and passionate, with it becoming close to a French kiss when Anna suddenly pulled away. \"Matt, there's something that I need to know if we're going to go any further with what's happening between us right now.\" Anna said. \"Yeah, sure. Anna, what is it?\" Matt asked, while being curious to whatever it was that she wanted to know from him. \"Do you really love me, because every time that I see my dad with Rachel, as much as I hate to admit it, I actually believe that he actually does care about her.\" Anna replied. \"Yes, Anna. I do love you very much, and that's why if you were ever to be taken away and gone forever in my life, then it would be so hard and painful for me to keep on living with myself.\" Matt responded. \"Thank you so much, Matt, and to hear those words from you makes me so much better, and I'm now even more certain of a decision that's been in my mind ever since you showed up from my window tonight.\" Anna reminded. \"Really, and would you please be so kind to tell me what exactly was that decision in your mind about?\" Matt asked, becoming very interested in what Anna was going to tell him. \"Whether or not we should sleep together, and don't even try to deny it. I know that it's been something which I'm sure that you've been thinking about for a long time.\" Anna answered. \"Anna, you're absolutely right, but there's just only one big problem. I didn't even bother to bring a condom with me, and I really do think that we should be careful and safe during our first time having sex.\" Matt mentioned. \"I agree, and so I don't think that we should have sex, but just because we aren't able to do that for tonight, it doesn't mean that we can't do other fun things together.\" Anna said, while rubbing down Matt's shoulder and arm once again. \"So what kind of fun things did you have in mind?\" Matt asked, suddenly being very curious of what other ideas Anna had been thinking for them to do tonight. \"If you're up for it, we could strip down and give each other a good sneak peek of what we'll be seeing from one another during our first time.\" Anna suggested. \"Sounds perfect, although I happen to have an idea of my own. Maybe it would be so much better if we were going to take turns stripping away our clothes.\" Matt recommended. \"Alright, but you should remember that there's a old, famous saying known as \"ladies first\", and that's why I should be to go, but you have to close your eyes first, and wait until I tell you to open them up.\" Anna instructed. She waited for a few seconds after Matt had closed his eyes until Anna quietly got herself off the bed, sneaked over to the window, and took a deep breath before she started to climb down the ladder which was attached to the house. Back in Anna's room, Matt couldn't help but visualize in his head of what he would be expecting to see, but was also starting to get worried when he didn't hear Anna's voice for another few minutes. When Matt decided to just open his eyes, they widened because he was surprised to see that Anna had seemed to have disappeared, because she wasn't anywhere in her room, and so he got up from the bed, and looked out the window. From a distance that wasn't so far away, Matt could able to see a girl was in the water, which was most obviously Anna, and also her clothes that were left out on the dock. Matt knew that it would definitely not be a good idea for him to call out Anna's name to get her attention, since he was sure that it would wake up Anna's parents for sure, and so he didn't waste any more time being in Anna's house and he slowly began to climb down the ladder. Once Matt got to the far end of the dock, he could clearly see that Anna had took off just her white nightgown, so that meant she must have been wearing a bra and panties, and she was also giving him a smile, obviously making it seem like she had been expecting him to come find her. \"Well, Matt, what are you waiting for? Are you coming in, or not? You should know that I would hate to be swimming in the lake all alone.\" Anna said, using one hand to splash some water at Matt, while presumably covering up her chest with the other one. \"Don't you worry, because it's not going to stay that way,\" Matt replied, and immediately started to untie his shoelaces until they had gotten loose enough for him to get out of them, and he pulled both of his socks off his feet. Next, he began to unbuckle his belt and then pulled down both his pants, which he laid down next to his socks and shoes before running foward, leaping off the dock, and making a cannonball, which created a huge splash right when he hit the water. Anna gave her own personal applause for Matt's diving technique by clapping her hands for a while, but she eventually stopped when he didn't come up to the surface of the lake right away, and she began to worry that something terrible must have happened to him. Whatever thoughts Anna was having of Matt drowning, or choking on some water had vanished when two arms came up and grabbed her from behind, trying to pull Anna deeper into the water, but she had managed to get out of their grasp. Matt finally appeared from under the lake, and couldn't help but give out a few laughs at Anna, who wasn't very happy with how he tried to scare her, and splashed him a couple of times. \"It's not funny what you did, Matt. I actually thought that you were dead, or at least, could have been seriously hurt. Maybe this wasn't a good idea, and I should just leave.\" Anna said, turning around to head toward the dock, but Matt quickly stopped her. \"Wait, Anna, please don't go. I'm sorry for worrying you, and I was only trying to have some fun. If you stay, I promise that I won't do anything like that ever again.\" Matt replied, while giving a look that seemed to truly be remorseful. \"Alright, Matt, I'll stay, but I'm warning you, if it happens one more time, then not only will I be gone, but I'll also throw the rest of your clothes in the lake.\" Anna informed, and slowly swam her way over to him. \"I completely understand, so how about instead of playing games like splashing each other, or making any kind of tricks, we can just talk for a while, or at least until we get bored, so would you be willing to do that with me?\" Matt asked. \"Yes, Matt, I would like to talk with you, and since it was your idea, you can go first, so whatever it is that you want to talk about, please go ahead.\" Anna said. \"Anna, are you still having the same dream of that night? You didn't really tell me a lot more about it, because all you've told me is that it's been bothering you for a while now.\" Matt mentioned. \"There's actually not much to talk about, but whenever I have the dream, I always see door curtains, a keyhole, two boys and a girl, two weird liquids, and a glass cup smashing into pieces on a floor, and that's when I wake up. It's basically the same images over and over again.\" Anna explained. \"By the way, while we were back in your room earlier, I told you that I thought you needed to know about what I saw on the same night of the fire, and would you want me to tell you about it?\" Matt asked, and he expected her to say yes, but was surprised when Anna shook her head. \"You know what, Matt, on second thought, it doesn't really matter to me right now, but maybe you could tell me about it at some other place, and by the way, I think that we've spent enough time in the lake, so I'm going to get out now, and would you like to join me?\" Anna asked. \"Anna, wait a second, we've only got there just a few minutes ago, and you already want to leave so soon? If it's because of the little joke that I did earlier, remember I told you that I was sorry and it wouldn't happen again.\" Matt reminded, while swimming over to her. \"Yes, I know that, but if you want to stay, then knock yourself out, and before I leave, I'll let you know this. It's going to be pretty awful for you to be all alone. Anyway, I hope you have fun.\" Anna informed, just as she got out of the water, and walked over to where she left her nightgown. Anna was about to pick it up when she was taken by surprise by Matt again when he came up from the water and wrapped his arms around her stomach, while bringing his body close to hers, with laying his head on her shoulder, and put his mouth near to Anna's ear. \"I'm not going to be alone anymore, and neither are you, because I changed my mind, so now that both of us are out of the water, what do you say about going for a walk though the woods?\" Matt whispered. \"Actually, I was just thinking that we could go back to my room, and besides, I don't think that it would be so much fun to be taking a walk in our underwear.\" Anna replied, while being very hesitant about his idea. \"Well, if not a walk, then how about we play a game instead, like hide-and-seek, and once again, I'll be the one to close my eyes and count while you go running off into the forest. I really don't mind this time.\" Matt suggested. \"Okay, fine, but only on two conditions. You'll need to slowly count for at least thirty seconds, and while you're trying to find me, you can't do anything that could scare me a lot, like make creepy animal noises, or shout so loud to have your voice echo through the woods. \" Anna instructed. \"I'm going to be as quiet as a...well, honestly, I don't really know any animal that can be very quiet in the woods at this time of night, so I'll just sneak up behind you and wrap my arms around your body like I did a few minutes ago, because I know that didn't scare you that much.\" Matt informed. \"That's fine with me, and I guess that if you want to have some fun, then you better start counting.\" Anna reminded, as she took Matt's arms and pulled them off from her body, and put each of his hands over his eyes. \"You know that this is definately going to be fun for both of us,\" Matt said before beginning to count, and while he did that, Anna ran as fast as she could, along the dock, and into the forest. \"One...two...three...four...five...six...seven...nine...eleven...fourteen...eighteen...twenty-three...twenty-seven...thirty.\" Matt counted, while cheating to get to the final number, before running along the dock, and taking occasional looks down on the ground for Anna's footprints. Since Anna had gone in a quick pace, Matt could see that it wouldn't really help him at all, because there wasn't a lot of footprints around, so that meant he was going to have to depend on his ears and carefully listen for any sounds that Anna might make. Once he got much deeper in the forest, Matt stopped and quickly checked if he heard something, but it was only dead silence that he could hear, and as the time passed, just when Matt felt like giving up on looking for Anna, he saw an image of her body going across the forest. Matt became convinced that the young girl hadn't found a good hiding spot for herself, and was still trying to look for one, and he instantly went in the direction of which Anna had gone to, and eventually, he could hear a sound that seemed similar to giggling, if not complete laughter. As he kept walking closer and closer to the sound, Matt was starting to see what appeared to be a human foot moving from behind one of the trees, and he decided to check from the left side, and it happened to be Anna herself, with her face leaning over to watch out for Matt. Unfortunately, her former boyfriend had taken her by surprise once again by turning her whole body around to be facing him, and before Anna could clearly see Matt or at least say a word, he pulled her in for a passionate kiss and closed the distance between them, while thrusting her back against the tree. Matt moved both of his hands to rest on Anna's waist, while Anna had her own hands begin to subconsciously make their way around Matt's neck, and soon lose themselves in his hair, which was still wet and messy from the water, as the kissing didn't stop, since neither of them had wanted to end this moment. Matt eventually brought one of his hands up to the area where the band of her bra was located, and although it took a bit longer than he would have liked, nonetheless Matt had managed to get her bra unhooked, and he gently caressed across Anna's back with his hand, which had Anna pull away. \"Wait a minute, Matt, I thought we agreed earlier tonight that we wouldn't have sex because our first time was supposed to be involve a condom, so that we'll be extra careful and safe. Do you honestly believe that I would forget about that, because I didn't, but are you sure that you want to do this?\" Anna asked. \"You know what, Anna? Screw the condom, because I'm sure that we love each other enough to not hurt one another, and I know that you're a girl who doesn't like to get hurt, especially after losing your mother, but if you don't want to go though with it, I completely understand, and we can stop now.\" Matt answered. \"I don't really want to stop, but if we're going to go ahead with this, what place do you suggest is the best spot for us? I mean, should we stay here in the woods, or head out to the beach? I remember that's where you said that you loved me and had a condom, but I knew you were drunk that time.\" Anna reminded. \"Yeah, I was pretty wasted on that night, but I haven't been drinking ever since, so you should be glad about that, and I think the beach is a much better place, because it would be rather a lot of fun for us to go skinny dipping, and then fool around in the sand, but only if you're up for doing it.\" Matt suggested. \"Didn't we already take a swim near the dock, and besides, we don't have any towels to dry ourselves off and any blankets to lay down on.\" Anna mentioned. \"You didn't seem to mind getting wet before, so why not do it for a second time? We could have a campfire, but my lighter's in my jeans, which happens to be back at the dock.\" Matt replied. \"How about I'll go to the dock and get the lighter, while you head down to the beach and find enough wood so that we can make a fire.\" Anna suggested, while hooking the band of her bra using both of her hands. \"Sounds like a great plan to me. I'll promise to be waiting for you there.\" Matt said, kissing Anna twice, on her lips and forehead, before running through the woods, while Anna did the same, going in the opposite direction. Although it did take a while, considering that she had gone out very far in the forest earlier, Anna had finally made it out and reached the end of the dock, where she took a few deep breaths to calm herself from all of the running that she did to get there. Anna crouched down on her knees to Matt's jeans, searching through the article of clothing until she found his lighter in one of the pants' pockets and was about to return with running back to the forest when she stopped to look at Matt's clothes. She deviously smiled to herself, while picking up not only his jeans, but also his socks and shoes too, putting all of his clothes in a neat pile, and then walked over to the end of the dock, before throwing everything into the lake, and Anna watched all of it fall from the surface. It wasn't until that she couldn't see them anymore when Anna started walking off the dock, while she was carefully holding the lighter in one of her hands, and she made sure not to accidentally trip and fall, because it wouldn't be good for her to get hurt at this point. When Anna made it through the forest, and onto the beach, she was glad to see that a small amount of firewood was set up on the sand, but when she looked around, Matt didn't seem to be anywhere, but Anna stopped walking as she felt a few things under her foot. She looked down to find that they were the wristbands Matt was wearing on each arm, and the necklace he'd usually wore around his neck, but Anna was starting to realize that, once again, he was probably trying to trick her into thinking that he was dead or something. \"I know what you're trying to do, Matt, but it's not going to work this time, because your jokes and tricks haven't really been that good, and so I'm probably just going to start this fire with your lighter all my myself and then throw your necklace and wristbands into it.\" Anna shouted. Anna decided not to wait for Matt to show up on the beach and make yet another attempt in scaring her, so she walked and closely crouched down to the pile of firewood, opened up the lighter, and held it out above one of the sticks of wood, and tried a few times to ignite it. Luckily, Anna had managed to get a fire started, and made a quick look around to see if Matt was hiding somewhere close by, before picking up his necklace and wristbands and throwing them into the fire, but she actually began to feel a little bad about what she just did. What Anna couldn't hear, due to the sound of the crackling fire, that Matt was silently coming up behind her, and he was about to grab her by the waist, turn her body around, and kiss her when he started to hear Anna make sounds which were very close to crying. \"Good job, Anna, you got the fire started, but if you don't mind, could you please tell me what's wrong, because you seem to be upset for some reason, and since I happen to care about you a lot, it's important for me to know what's the problem?\" Matt requested. \"When I went back to get your lighter at the dock, I decided to have a little fun and so I picked up all of your clothes, and then I threw them into the lake, but that's not all. I also found both of your wristbands and necklace around here, and I threw those into the fire.\" Anna confessed. \"That's why you're so upset? So you drowned the rest of my clothes, and then burned the accessories that I wore around my neck and on both of my arms? If we're being honest with each other right now, then I should let you know that I was watching you the whole time.\" Matt responded. \"What, but how did you see me do both of those things, and manage to make up a pile of firewood before I got here?\" Anna asked, since she was not only very interested to hear what Matt had to say, but also quite surprised that he didn't seem the slightest bit mad at her. \"First, I ran as fast as possible to the beach, gathered up all of the firewood that I could find, and once I was finished with that, I went through the forest, and stopped at a spot where I could see you, but you couldn't see me, and I waited until you were far away from the dock. Right when you were back into the forest, I came out and went to the end of the dock, picked up your nightgown, and threw it into the same area of the lake where you threw my clothes, and now I guess that the only things we have to wear are what we have on right now.\" Matt explained. \"So I guess you didn't believe that when I got to the dock, I would simply just get the lighter, come back here, and not do anything else but just stand around and wait for you to show up, but since I've already started the fire, what ideas do you suggest that we do to have fun?\" Anna asked. \"I'm sure that I mentioned earlier we could go skinny dipping, considering that the lake isn't so far away from us, and since we already took a swim with our underwear on, I was hoping that this time would be without them, but if you want to, we could do something else first.\" Matt suggested. \"Well, if you don't mind, and I know that it's going to sound incredibly cheesy and ridiculous for me to want this, but I was thinking of having a slow dance together, because it's been such a long time since we last danced, right?\" Anna requested. \"Yes, you're right, it has been a long time, and I don't mind at all. Now come here.\" Matt replied, nodding his head, as he closed the distance between them, while he wrapped his own arms around Anna's body, resting his hands on her back, and Anna did the same. The two of them danced around in a slow circle near the fire at least twice, before Anna eventually began to lower her hands down Matt's white boxers, calmly feeling his butt, with her head relaxed on his left shoulder, while both of Matt's hands occasionally moved up and down her back. Matt soon went back to unhooking the band of Anna's bra for a second time, while Anna's raised her head up from his shoulder, and she began to kiss him across his collar bone, while still keeping her hands down his underwear, now aggressively groping his butt cheeks. Once he had successfully gotten Anna's bra unhooked again, Matt gently caressed across Anna's back with both of his hands, and this time, Anna didn't pull herself away from him, but gave her permission for him to take it off by quickly nodding her head, and giving a slight smile to him. Anna got her hands out of his underwear, and kept her arms almost perfectly still at the sides of her body, as Matt slowly pulled her bra down her arms, and right when it was taken off, he threw it over at a close spot on the ground, then ran his hands to feel her now unsupported boobs. Matt crouched down on the sand with his head just a little above Anna's bare boobs, and he put both of his hands to each side of her waist, then looked up at Anna, as if he was asking for her permission to let him take it off, and she gave another quick nod, while remaining silent. He used his hands to pull Anna's panties down her legs, and once it came at her feet, Anna raised her legs to get it off from her toes, and so Matt picked it up and threw it to where her bra was, but just as he got back up from the ground to stand, she got down on her knees, bringing her head to his waist. Using both of her own hands, Anna pulled down Matt's white boxers, and stood up on her feet again, when Matt suddenly caught her by surprise by picking up her body at the waist and having her on top of his right shoulder, as he started to head for the lake in front of him. \"Oh my god, Matt, what are you doing? Put me down right this second!\" Anna demanded, even though that's not what she wanted to happen, because she actually did enjoy being carried by him, especially since this was the very first time that he's ever done something like this. Coming from the fact that she wasn't wearing any clothes at this point, Anna completely felt like an enormous melted icicle had touched her when she came in contact with the water, but luckily for her, they only stayed in the lake until both of their bodies were soaking wet. They came out with Matt giving Anna a piggyback ride, with her being on top of his shoulders, but Matt didn't let Anna come down until he was at the area where their underwear was left, carefully picked up his boxers, as well as her bra and panties, and threw them into the fire. \"You jerk! Why did you just do that, because now, we have nothing to wear! What's wrong with you?\" Anna shouted, as she tried to fight with Matt, but he grabbed her, and had managed to pull them down to the ground, and they somehow ended up rolling around, getting themselves covered with sand. Luckily, the only part of their body that didn't get dirty was their face, and for a short while, like about five minutes, Matt and Anna tried to catch their breath, while lying down on the sand separately, but just a small distance from each other, with Anna on her right side, and Matt on his stomach. He raised his head to see where Anna was, crawled over to her on his knees, stopped until he was on top of her, and waited for Anna to open her eyes before doing anything else, so when she did, Matt was expecting her to give him a slap or a punch, or even yell at him, but didn't do any of those things. Instead, Anna lifted up her left arm and wrapped it around his neck, to which Matt was so relieved, and his worries about her doing any physical damage to him were gone, and she brought his face close enough for him to kiss her on the lips and across her face. Matt later pulled his body off from Anna's and stared at her face for only a few seconds before placing his hands on her shoulders, then moved them to just under her neck, at her collar bone, to finally her boobs, tendering stroking her nipples with his fingertips. Anna raised her right hand up to Matt's heart, and continued to feel her ex-boyfriend's skin, by moving her hand across and around his chest, and she stopped doing that when Matt carefully positioned himself so that they were able to begin having sex for the very first time. He came back down to close the distance between their bodies, grabbed her arms, pulled them down above her head, intertwined his fingers with hers, while she wrapped her legs around his waist, before Matt and Anna officially began a long awaited and highly anticipated session of love making. Anna took a few deep breaths and slowly began to open her eyes, but as she did, her eyes widened to see that she wasn't on any part of the beach anymore, and she was now in her bedroom, so Anna quickly started to think of how she had even gotten back inside the house. She believed that after her and Matt lost their virginity to each other, she must have fallen asleep so Matt decided to secretly carry her all the way back to her house by coming off the beach, through the forest, and silently into the house, so Matt was probably still in here with her. Anna turned to the left side of the bed, expecting to see Matt, but he wasn't next to her, and when she threw off the covers, Anna saw that she was wearing a completely dry nightgown, and took a peek under it to see that she also had on a bra and panties which weren't even wet. If half of her clothes, which was her nightgown, were drowned deep in the lake, while the other half, being her underwear, had burned in a small campfire, then after getting soaked from water in the lake, and covered with sand on the beach, how did she get clean without Matt around? The plaid shirt that Matt had took off earlier in the night wasn't around on any area of her bed, which was exactly where he had left it before, and Anna checked to see the window that he went through to get inside her room was closed and shut tight. \"I guess maybe everything that happened last night with Matt was all just another dream, and I'm sure that he's okay, and will be giving me another visit sometime today.\" Anna thought to herself, as she walked over to the closet to find something to wear for the day. Fin ","Summary":" A/N: Hello, and welcome, my fellow authors and readers! I had recently saw The Uninvited back when "},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Mental State","Author":"rancoroftheheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5273958","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I'm not crazy. I'm not crazy. Alex is alive! She'snalive! The blast wasn't real…they're just doing this to punishnus. He's doing this to punish us! His Rachel is gone and now hendoesn't want Alex or me to be happy. Doctor Silberling stoodnin the doorway of the sunroom in the mental ward. He watched as Annansat in a chair next to one of the windows. He shook his head, \"Howncould this have happened?\" Anna sat there holding a picture withnRachel's face torn out. \"I don't understand, she was better,nshe was so happy to go home.\" A young nurse stood next to him, \"Dr.nSilberling, you can't blame yourself for her mental state.\" Henrubbed his black and slightly gray beard slowly and sighed, \"Inknow.\" He walked back down the hallway. How could that havenhappened? All of it? What if they're telling me the truth… What if I killednthem; mom and Alex. Does that mean I killed Matt? Anna stood from hernchair; she walked over to the younger nurse standing where Silberlingnwas before. \"I need to talk to him.\" \"I'm sorry, Anna,nhe won't be in his office right now.\" Anna pushed past thenwoman, \"I have to!\" When Anna reached hisnoffice he opened the door for her and assured the nurse that it wasnokay. \"Anna? What is it you would like to talk about?\" \"I want tonunderstand. I'm not crazy. I just need…I just need to understand.nPlease help me.\" \"Alright, what is itnthat you know for certain…about everything that's happened?\" Anna paced around thenroom, \"Well, I know my mother was killed in the explosion. And Inknow that Rachel is dead.\" She fidgeted with hernhands and sat down. \"But what I don't understand…I don'tnunderstand how Alex can just be gone! She was there! She was there!nWe spoke, laughed, swam together, and we both worked to find outnabout Rachel. How could she be dead? How could any of this happen?\" \"Anna, the stress ofnloss can do many things to the mind.\" \"But why me? Now Inhave no one.\" \"Your mind created anreality where Alex was alive and Rachel was the villain. Over timenyour mind will be able to cope and so will you. You only neednassistance.\" \"Because of me fournpeople have died.\" Doctor Silberlingnrubbed his tired eyes, \"It wasn't your fault, they werenaccidents.\" \"I let Matt die, Instabbed Rachel to death!!! Those are not accidents!!!\" She had jumped up fromnher sitting position and leered closely over the doctor. Her voice trembled andntears formed in her eyes. \"How could you possibly help me now?\" Silberling wrote on annotepad and looked up at her saddened and angry face, \"I think younneed a few days of solitude, some medication to calm your nerves fornnow. Within a week you can return to your normal room and then you'llnstart group therapy sessions.\" Anna's heart jolted.nSolitude, medication; they were just going to lock her away and strapnher in some room. \"Okay.\" Her voicenhad become as empty as her eyes. ","Summary":" I'm not crazy. I'm not crazy. Alex is alive! She'snalive! The blast wasn't real…they're just doing "},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Never the Same","Author":"Lonesome Bird","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5199686","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Never the Same A fanfiction based on The Uninvited No copy right infringement intended. The author does not own the movie The Uninvited. This story was not written for prophet and was written purely for the author's enjoyment. Author's notes after story. Hope you enjoy! -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Anna stared at Dr. Silberling, unaware that he seemed to be talking to her. His mouth was moving, flowing over each syllable smoothly and easily, just as a man of his professional stature should speak. Not that Anna cared. Stature meant nothing to her. It was only a word invented to raise certain humans above others. Besides, she couldn't afford to be distracted by the bearded doctor. She was too busy concentrating on what her sister was doing behind the doctor's chair. Anna's sister, Alex, was running her hand along the spines of the multitude of books contained on the bookshelf in the office. Occasionally, she would turn, raise an eyebrow at Dr. Silberling, and look pointedly at Anna as if to say, \"Are you seriously gonna sit there and take that crap?\" No. Anna did not want to sit there and take that crap. But she didn't really have a choice. She had nowhere else to go, and she couldn't escape if she tried. Being in a mental institution had its downsides. Not that she was crazy. Oh no, Anna was not crazy. She was a hero, in fact. She had saved her sister and her father from the wrath of that murderous, conniving, she-wolf named Rachel. She had killed Rachel to protect herself and Alex from being killed, just as their mother and Matt and those poor children had been. But of course, no one had believed her. Rachel's sphere of influence had dug too deep, and many of the people around her had been corrupted by that woman's lies. So of course, she was punished for her bravery and self-sacrifice. It had cost her a lot to get rid of Rachel. It had almost cost Anna her sanity…again. Thank god she still had that. And she still had Alex. Alex always believed her, no matter what. Alex kept her sane. That was probably why Dr. Silberling let Alex visit her so frequently, even sit in on some of their sessions. If Anna's own father would not even visit her, then why should her last connection to the outside world be stopped from keeping her company? But Anna was thankful for the visits. Alex kept her up-to-date on what was happening to their father and in the outside world. It seemed as if the more time Anna spent in this place, the more the real world seemed like an illusion. Anna knew she had to get out of this horrid place, and quickly. She looked up and caught Alex's eye. Alex stared for a moment, then gave a thin-lipped smile and nodded. She understood what had to be done. \"Anna?\" Dr. Silberling's questioning voice broke her out of her stasis. \"Anna, did you hear me?\" Anna focused her green eyes on the doctor and inclined her head. \"Good. So, if you'd like, we could schedule a visit next week.\" Anna must have looked more confused than she thought she did, because Dr. Silberling sighed and shook his head. He wasn't angry, only slightly frustrated. \"You didn't hear much of what I said, did you?\" Anna sheepishly blinked and shook her head no. Dr. Silberling looked down and slipped a piece of paper out from one of the many pieces of paper on his worn-out clipboard. \"The town,\" he said. \"I've been evaluating you for several weeks now, and there seems to be enough improvement to deem you well enough to make a few short visits to the outlying town. What do you say? The fresh air could do you good.\" Anna thought about how nice it would be to get out of this place, even if it was just for a little while. The fresh air could do a person wonders. Anna was beginning to wonder what would happen if she never saw the outside world again. She shuddered inwardly, as she thought of the sunken eyes, papery skin, and incoherent mumblings of Mildred, one of her floor mates. She did not want to become like Mildred. Not at all, not ever. \"Okay,\" she said with a slight smile. \"Can Alex come with me?\" Anna noticed that Dr. Silberling's smile faltered for a moment, but he quickly pulled his smile back on. \"Of course, Anna,\" he said. And that was that. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- After her session with the doctor, Anna returned to her small room. Nothing had changed. The bulletin board was still up, covered with all of her treasured pictures. Her desk, chair, and posters were all the same. What was different? Then Anna noticed it; a glint of light had caught her eye. On the very unsatisfactory pillow lay a pearl necklace. It had three strands and each pearl was dull, most likely due to the number of times that its owner had pawed the gems. Next to those pearls sat Mildred. \"Pretty Anna,\" Mildred said, her voice full of terror and pain and hate, \"I came to see you, to see if you wanted to hear my stories again.\" Anna stared ahead at Mildred, her green eyes blank. Inwardly, her heart was filling with malice. Something about the bedraggled, clearly insane woman made Anna just want to hurt her. Very badly. But she didn't. Not yet anyway. She would have to bide her time, plan it carefully. \"No, Mildred,\" Anna said, \"I don't. Please leave. I need to talk to my sister.\" Something about this statement made Mildred giggle in a most unfortunate manner, leaving Anna clenching her fists and teeth in anger. But once again, Anna did nothing. Mildred took her pearls, rose, and left the room. One day, Anna was going to have to ask Mildred where she got those pearls from. They were so similar to the ones that Rachel had owned…or stolen, rather. Anna flung herself on the cot, waiting for Alex to arrive. She always stayed behind after Anna's sessions with Dr. Silberling. She was probably trying to convince him that she was well enough to go. Anna appreciated her sister's help, but she knew that she would never be free of this place. The thought overwhelmed her with despair. Tears filled her eyes and she covered her face with her arms. Anna thought about the things she had seen that night, the night she had killed Rachael. Anna did not regret killing Rachel. Rachel had killed her mother, so therefore, Rachel deserved to die. It was that simple. Anna did not remember much about that day, only a few scattered images. A trail of blood that started in her own room…Rachel's glassy eyes, staring up at the sky from the dumpster where Anna had laid her to rest…Alex's teary eyes as well as her father's horrified ones…and finally, the image of herself covered in blood, holding the very knife that had destroyed Rachel. Anything else that had happened that day was blurry and Anna could not seem to hold onto those thoughts if her life depended on it. The point was, Anna knew that her mind was fooling her, trying to help her deal with the stress of being imprisoned for the rest of her life. She never would have killed anyone other than Rachel. And she was not crazy. Anna was pondering this very deeply, and did not hear Alex until she sat down on the bed next to her. \"Hey sis,\" Alex said, her voice clear, but also clearly concerned, \"what's going on? Are you okay?\" Anna removed her arms from in front of her face and looked lovingly at her sister. \"I'm okay, I guess.\" \"You guess or you know? Come on, chica ; give me something to work with here.\" Alex smiled slightly and brushed Anna's shaggy hair out of her face. \"I just…I don't want to be in here for forever, Alex. I need to get out. I need to see dad…\" At Anna's mention of their father, Alex's eyes darkened. \"What is it, Alex? Is something wrong with dad?\" Alex shook her head and looked at Anna. Anna could tell that something was indeed amiss, but she wasn't quite sure what. There would be no use in pushing it, so Anna left the issue alone for now. \"It's nothing. So, how are you holding up? Are you excited that you get to go to the town next week? I know I would be.\" Alex said. \"The fresh air will definitely be nice,\" Anna replied, her eyes clearing a little bit, \"but it's nothing compared to actual freedom. Alex, I…I want to get out of here. Please, help me.\" There was a pleading tone in Anna's voice. \"Anna…\" Alex said, looking away, \"how do you expect me to do that? You killed someone and –'' \"Someone who deserved to die!\" snarled Anna, standing up suddenly and glaring at Alex, her eyes flashing. Both were quiet for a moment, letting the moment draw out. Then Alex spoke. \"Anna…she did. I know she did. She tried to kill us and she killed mom and those other children…but you still killed.\" Anna was silent. She sat back down on the cot, kneading the scratchy blankets in her hands. She looked at Alex. \"Alex, are you going to help me or not?\" Alex was blank-faced for a moment, trying to weigh her options as Anna stared her down. \"Fine, Anna. You win. I'll help you escape.\" Anna flung her arms around her sister. \"Thank you, Alex! Thank you so much!\" Alex hugged her for a moment, then untangled Anna's limbs from around her neck. \"I've got to go, Anna. I was supposed to have the car back an hour ago. I love you. We'll talk about this next time, okay?\" Anna nodded, smiling. \"Bye, Alex!\" she called, as Alex slipped out the door. Anna loved Alex very much. They were sisters, after all. Anna lay down on her bed, feeling very drowsy all of a sudden. As she drifted to sleep, thoughts of freedom flowed through her mind. The thoughts were tinged with blood and death, but Anna had grown used to that. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Anna awoke to the sound of pearls clinking against one another. She gritted her teeth, feeling the anger flow through her. Mildred. She was always bothering Anna, always staring at her, smiling at her, watching her as she slept. Anna decided that she would rid herself of Mildred before she made her escape next week. It would be so easy; Anna doubted she would even try to defend herself. Anna opened her eyes slowly, expecting to see Mildred standing over her bed. What Anna saw was much worse. Anna felt her heart stop and felt the blood freeze in her veins. It was Rachel! Rachel was standing there, covered in blood that was dripping all over her floor, the pearls in her hands clanking against one another. Anna was so afraid she couldn't even move. \"Anna,\" Rachel whispered in a ragged voice, \"Anna! Why, Anna? I only wanted a daughter…\" Anna's eyes widened as Rachel reached out a blood-covered hand for her throat…Anna screamed. Immediately, nurses and workers came running into Anna's room, fully expecting the worse. All they found was Anna, screaming and thrashing in her bed. Dr. Silberling rushed in after the nurses. \"Anna, Anna!\" He shouted, trying to get through to her. She couldn't hear him. All Anna could hear was Rachel's voice. Dr. Silberling reached a hand out in an attempt to stop her flailing wrists. Anna only screamed harder. \"N-no!\" she sobbed, still flailing her small fists. \"You deserved it! You deserved to die!\" Before the doctor or any of the other nurses could act, Anna wrenched herself off the bed and fled out the door. Anna was still sobbing and running when she bumped into another body. Anna looked up, prepared to turn and flee. She didn't have to. \"Anna? Anna, what's wrong? Are you hurt?\" It was Alex. Anna couldn't even answer, she was so relieved. Alex understood. She pulled Anna into her arms without a second thought. \"A-Alex! She was there!\" Anna choked out. \"She wanted to hurt me!\" \"Who was there, Anna? Who wanted to hurt you?\" \"It was Rachel! She's back, Alex, just like mom was! Only she wants to h-hurt me!\" Anna heard Alex gasp, and then felt herself be released. Then she felt another pair of strong arms grab her from behind and hold her tight. \"Get that sedative in her now! She's going to hurt herself!\" Anna saw the glint of a needle in the dull hall lights and panicked again. She hated needles. \"No, NO! Alex! Help me, ALEX!\" She cried. A nurse stepped in front of Alex, blocking her from Anna. Anna felt a needle enter her arm and a moment later, sweet darkness filled her every sense. Maybe sedatives weren't so bad. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- \"So tell me,\" Dr. Silberling asked, \"what was it that made you panic last night? That's never happened before.\" Anna looked at her dirty shoes and frowned. She mumbled something under her breath. \"I'm sorry, Anna, I didn't quite catch that. What did you say?\" \"Rachel,\" Anna whispered again, barely audible enough for the doctor to hear her. Anna noticed that Alex was not there today, even though she loved looking at all the books on Dr. Silberling's shelves. Her heart sank slightly. \"Rachel,\" Dr. Silberling restated. \"Now I'm assuming this is the same Rachel that you…\" he let the sentence trail. \"Yes,\" Anna said, \"I killed her. I finished what I started Dr. Silberling, just like you said.\" Dr. Silberling looked deeply troubled. \"Anna,\" he said softly, \"you know that is not what I meant.\" \"It meant whatever I wanted it mean. That's what I started out to do; it only made sense to finish it.\" Dr. Silberling sighed and rubbed his eyes. He suddenly looked very tired. \"Let's skip that for now then, Anna. What did Rachel say, do? Did she hurt you in any way?\" Anna shook her head, her bangs flopping from side to side. \"No…She had her necklace in her hand and she had blood all over her…she said, 'Why, Anna? I only wanted a daughter…' and then reached out and grabbed my wrist.\" Anna looked down again, suddenly feeling very foolish. \"Anna, let me ask you a question,\" Dr. Silberling said. Anna nodded for him to go ahead. \"Do you feel sorry for what you did to Rachel? Do you feel any remorse at all?\" Anna's eyes narrowed and she felt her blood boil. \"No,\" she hissed in a voice that was almost not her own, \"not at all.\" Dr. Silberling studied her for a moment, and then wrote down a few notes on his clipboard. He put his pen down and studied Anna. \"Anna,\" he said after a few moments, \"I'm afraid you won't be going on your town visit next week. Your recent actions have set you back a little, I'm afraid.\" Anna said nothing. She simply stood up and left the room, glaring daggers all the way. When she arrived at her room, Alex was sitting on the cot, waiting. \"Alex,\" she said, her mood improving slightly, \"when did you get here?\" \"Only a few minutes ago,\" she said, flipping a stray piece of hair out of her face. \"How are you doing? You were a mess last night, what happened?\" \"I…I told you, Alex. I saw Rachel. And why were you here anyway? Didn't you leave?\" \"I was only gone for a few minutes baby sis. But then I realized I had left my jacket, so I turned around to come grab it. I could hear you yelling when I got here, so I ran towards your room. That's when I ran into you. After they sedated you, I grabbed my jacket and left. They didn't want me to stay and see you like that.\" \"I don't blame them, I was a mess,\" Anna said with a grim smile. She sat down next to Alex. \"Now you see why I have to get out of here, Alex. I have to, or else Rachel is going to get me.\" Anna suddenly felt very small, like she was five years old again. Alex put her arm around Anna's small frame. \"You'll be okay, Anna. Some bitchy ghost isn't going to get you. I won't let it. Now…about this escape.\" Anna perked up slightly, her eyes sliding up to her sister's face. \"Dr. Silberling said that he was going to delay your visits, right?\" Anna nodded yes. \"Okay. Well, there's not much we can do about that. Just try to…I don't know, Anna. Be good. No crazy stuff, even if you see Rachel again. You have to control yourself. And when you seem well enough, he'll probably let you go out, right? And then we can escape. You can finally come home again.\" Anna liked that, the thought of going home. So for the next few weeks she grimaced and inwardly groaned and took every annoyance and shoved it in her back pocket and ignored it. Anna even allowed Mildred in her room to tell her stories. She was beginning to feel so normal, she thought she would go crazy. The irony did not escape her at this thought. She walked through the days without a sign of Rachel and barely any glimpses of Alex until Dr. Silberling finally approached her in her room one day. \"Hello, Anna,\" he said, popping his head in as he made his rounds, \"how are you today?\" Anna was bothered at having to speak when she was grumpy and did not wish to converse with anyone, but she did for the sake of seeming…normal. \"Hi, Dr. Silberling. I'm fine.\" Anna turned back to the sketch of a pair of eyes that she was working on. Dr. Silberling did not leave, he simply stood and stared. After a moment, he finally spoke again. \"Anna, after a few weeks, I feel as if your behavior has improved some. Therefore, I believe it is now okay for you take trips to the nearby town, if you desire to.\" Anna's face lit up, though not for the reasons Dr. Silberling thought. \"Thank you, Dr. Silberling! I can't wait! When can I go?\" she asked excitedly. Dr. Silberling looked at his clipboard and flipped a few pages, his eyes scanning for the correct answer. \"Well, Anna, if all goes well, you should be able to make a trip within the next three or four days.\" \"Great! Just let me know, Doctor.\" \"I will, Anna. See you next session.\" Dr. Silberling walked away, a smile on his face. Anna was also smiling, though there was something less kind about it. She put her pencil down and stood up, making her way towards her bed. She flung herself on it, a smile still on her face. Finally, she was going to get out of here. Anna's hand hung over the side of her metal bed and she ran her fingers on the underside of the frame. There was a sudden stinging sensation on the tips of her middle and index finger and she pulled them back, hissing slightly. She held her hand up, carefully examining them. Her fingers were cut; small lines of blood were seeping quickly down to her palm. Anna quickly shoved her fingers in her mouth, the salty blood making her mouth water. Once Anna had made sure that her fingers had stopped bleeding, she had to wonder: what had cut her fingers? Throwing a quick glance at the door to make sure no nurses were walking by, Anna slid onto the floor on her knees. Bending down, she peered under the bed. On the frame of her bed was a piece of metal that had been fashioned to support one of the pieces of metal that would hold the mattress up. Through the years of wear and tear, the piece had come loose. The edge was sharp and pointed, which is what had cut Anna. Anna reached up and grabbed the piece of metal, careful to avoid the point. She wrapped her hand around it and tugged. It didn't budge. Anna did not give up. She tugged again, this time using more of her body weight. The bed moved slightly, making a scraping sound on the floor. The metal wiggled slightly, but still did not come undone. Anna's brow was set in concentration. She flexed her hand and placed it back on the protruding metal piece. She pulled again, this time giving it a sharp yank. With less resistance than she expected, the metal came loose, causing her to hit her hand on one of the bars that skirted the bed. She swore silently, rubbing her hand that would no doubt bruise. But she didn't really care. She had the metal. She had a weapon. Anna smiled. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- \"Anna, are you ready to go?\" Alex asked, standing in the doorway of her room. \"Yeah, let's go. We have to stop and see Dr. Silberling first though.\" Anna said as she finished tying her sand colored converses. \"Alrighty then, lead the way, sister of mine.\" Alex said with a smile. Her smile didn't quite reach her eyes, Anna noted. As they made their way to the Doctor's office, Anna nonchalantly patted her hand against her jeans pocket, making sure the piece of metal was still there and wasn't poking out. It wasn't. When they arrived at Dr. Silberling's door, they stood there for a moment, neither of them knocking. \"Are you gonna go in, or not?\" Alex asked impatiently. \"Actually,\" Anna said, \"I just realized that I forgot something. I'll be right back, wait here for me, okay, Alex?\" Alex nodded and leaned against the wall, spacing out immediately. Anna turned and walked back the other way, slowly to avoid notice. She had a dark purpose in mind and didn't want to attract any suspicion. Making her way back to her hall, she headed towards Mildred's room. When she arrived, she slowly poked her head in to make sure that the girl was in and alone. She was. The corners of Anna's mouth slid up in what was intended to be a smile. She threw one last look down both ends of the hall. Empty. She was lucky. But she had to be fast, just in case. Anna walked in the door, causing Mildred to look up. There was fear in her already psychotic eyes. But when her eyes fell upon Anna, the fear resided, if only slightly. Then there was confusion. Anna had never willingly entered Mildred's room before. Nonetheless, a stupid looking grin appeared on her face as she stood up. \"Pretty little Anna,\" she said, \"what brings you here? Would you like to hear more of my stories?\" Mildred's hand slid into the pocket of her robe, and Anna could hear the pearls hitting against one another. \"No, Mildred,\" Anna said, taking a step forward, \"I'm not.\" Sensing hostility, the fear in Mildred's eyes flared up again. She took a step back, falling backwards onto her bed. \"Then what do you want, my Anna?\" Mildred asked. Anna's hand slid down to her pocket and she slowly pulled out the piece of sharp metal. Mildred's eyes opened wide and her mouth went slightly slack. Anna's eyes narrowed as she took another step towards Mildred. Her hand clenched on the metal and without warning, she placed her hand over Mildred's mouth. \"I want you to leave me alone,\" she hissed, getting right in Mildred's face, \"I want you to stop telling your stories, and,\" Anna held the tip of the metal to Mildred's throat, \"and I want you to tell me where you got these damn beads from.\" Mildred blinked, the fear still evident in her eyes. She was silent for a moment; the only sound was her muffled breathing. Then she began to laugh. It was choked and quiet and squeaky and insane and Anna could not stand it. She pushed the metal into Mildred's throat, careful to avoid any splatters of blood. Mildred gave a gurgled gasp, and her eyes rolled back into her head. Anna quickly removed her hand from Mildred's mouth and placed it on her back, preventing her from falling backwards. Carefully, oh so carefully, Anna leaned Mildred back and pulled her feet up onto her bed. She then rolled her onto her side, giving all by passers the illusion that she was asleep. Anna smiled again, tucking the metal into her pocket at the same time she turned to the door. \"Goodbye, Mildred,\" she said, walking towards Dr. Silberling's office. Once again, she walked slowly and unassumingly. No one took any special notice, and she even smiled at a few of the nurses. Many of them had grown fond of Anna since she had first been here. Alex gave Anna an annoyed look when she came back into view. \"What took you so long?\" she asked. Anna smiled at Alex. \"I'll tell you later,\" she said. \"Now come on, I'm eager to get out of here.\" Knocking lightly on the door, Anna took Alex's hand in her own. Alex gave a comforting squeeze. \"Come in!\" Dr. Silberling called out. Anna pushed the door open and walked in. Dr. Silberling was at his desk, a thick book open on one side and his trusty clipboard on the other. He looked up and smiled when he saw Anna. \"Well, Anna, are you ready for your trip?\" he asked. \"Yes, Dr. Silberling. I'm very excited.\" \"Well then, that's very good. There are a few rules I have to inform you of before you go, however. First, you only have three hours. You must be back before those threes hours are up, or we will send people out looking for you. It is a privilege to be able to make one of these trips without an attendant, a privilege that not many have had. So, make the most of it, Anna. Second, we encourage you to be friendly and make contact with people, but please do not draw attention to yourself. It would also probably be best to keep it under wraps at where you are from. And finally, don't break any laws.\" \"That's all?\" Anna asked, shifting on her feet. \"Yes, Anna. That is all. Now let me escort you down to the exit. You'll need me to get past security.\" Dr. Silberling rose from his desk and went to open the door. Anna and Alex followed him as he led them down to the first floor, past the numerous security people, and to the front door. \"Here we are, Anna. It's only a short walk down to the town; it should only take around ten minutes. Have fun!\" Anna smiled and waved as she walked out the door. The smell of pine trees and clear air hit her at the same time a wonderful realization did: she was free. Anna turned to Alex, who was standing by her side. \"What are we waiting for, Alex? Let's get the car and go!\" Anna said, ready to be back at home. Alex gave her another annoyed look. \"We can't,\" she said. \"What do you mean we can't?\" asked Anna. \"How else are we going to get home?\" \"We can't because they'll notice that we're gone. There are security cameras in the parking lot. We'll have to go to town and get a taxi. Did you not think this over at all?\" Anna deflated slightly. She had thought about it, she just hadn't considered all of the variables. \"What about money?\" she asked. \"We'll get some from dad when we get home. Now come on. Time is wasting. We want to be long out of here before our three hours are up.\" Alex grabbed Anna's hand and pulled her to the sidewalk along the road. Anna gave one last glance back. She saw Dr. Silberling standing in the door, frowning. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- The trip to the town was quick and uneventful. On their way there, Alex turned to Anna. \"So, what took you so long back there anyway? You said you would tell me.\" Alex asked. Anna smiled again, her eyes growing darker. She reached into her pocket and ran her fingers along the metal. \"Oh, I just had to take care of a little problem,\" she said. Alex frowned, but kept walking. \"Ooookay, I'm not even going to ask,\" Alex said, turning to Anna. Alex looked into Anna's eyes for a moment. Anna's eyes gleamed slightly and Alex gave a small smile. Now she knew what Anna had done. And that was okay, really it was. Mildred probably would have done the same thing to Anna sooner or later. All it meant was that the two sisters had to move a little bit faster, in case the body was found sooner than intended. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Alex and Anna were on their way home. Finding a taxi had been easy enough. The wait was the worst part. It took a little over an hour and a half to get back to the house, not to mention how expensive it was going to be or how mad their father would get at the both of them. But it would be worth it. As the taxi turned onto the road that led to their gorgeous lakeside home, Anna could feel her heart pounding in her chest. Would her dad look any different? Move differently? Would his voice sound the same? Anna was almost jumping in her seat. They arrived at the gate, where Anna hopped out and punched in the code numbers to open it. Anna ran and hopped back in the car as the gates slowly floated open. The taxi driver headed on through and parked next to her father's SUV. Anna was pleased to see that Rachel's silver BMW was nowhere to be seen. \"That will be one hundred and two dollars and thirty five cents,\" the cab driver said, as he pulled to a stop. \"Just a minute,\" Anna said, \"We'll get the money from our dad. We'll be right back.\" The cab driver gave Anna a strange look as the sisters got out of the cab. Anna ignored him and hurried in. The door was unlocked, and she rushed forward into her beloved house. \"Dad!\" she yelled out, \"Dad, I'm back!\" There was silence for a moment, then a hurried stomping of shoes running on hardwood floor. Anna looked at Alex and grabbed her hand for support. The footsteps came closer and finally…. \"Anna?\" the surprised voice of Steven Rydell echoed from behind Anna, and she turned. \"Anna, what are you doing here? How did you get here?\" The taxi honked outside, and Steven looked. \"Can you go pay him, dad?\" Anna asked. \"Neither of us have any money.\" Steven's brow furrowed in confusion. \"Us? Anna, who is-'' the horn honked again, causing Steven to sigh and pull his wallet out while he walked to pay the impatient cabbie. Anna waited calming, smiling at Alex and observing her father. He didn't seem all that different. More grey hairs and he looked more tired than he used to, but that was all very understandable. Steven came back in the house, shaking his head. \"You took a cab all the way here?\" he asked. \"Yes. It was the only way. Alex said that they would notice I was gone if we took the car with us.\" Steven's eyes filled with sadness. He placed his hand on Anna's shoulder. \"Anna,\" he said slowly, \"do you remember anything at all from that night?\" \"A few things,\" she said, \"but not much. Why, dad?\" \"Do you remember what I told you? That thing I told you about Alex?\" \"Dad, you don't have to talk about Alex like she's not here. She's standing right next to me. Right, Alex?\" Anna turned to Alex, who looked angry, but nodded. \"Anna…\" Steven was about to continue, but didn't when he saw the look on his insane daughter's face. She was staring straight past him, looking into the doorway of the kitchen. Her mouth was hanging open and her eyes were wide. \"Anna? Anna, what's wrong?\" Anna screamed and fell backwards, scrabbling back into the wall and groping in her pocket for her piece of metal. Alex was gone. \"It's her! Dad, look behind you, it's HER!\" Anna was hyperventilating, barely able to form a sentence. \"What? Who, Anna? Who is her?\" \"RACHEL!\" Anna screamed. Rachel was standing in the doorway, holding onto it for support. Her clothes were ripped and bloody, and her eyes full of infinite sadness and anger. There was a needle in her hand. She pressed down on the plunger, causing whatever liquid was in it to shoot out. She smiled at Anna. Meanwhile, Steven was silent. \"Rachel?\" he repeated after a moment. Anna did not respond. She simply stood and pushed past him. He saw something glinting in her hand and tried to grab her, but failed. \"Anna!\" he yelled, \"Anna, come back!\" Steven followed her into the next room. Anna was standing in the middle of the room, blood running down her forearm. \"Alex!\" she screamed, \"Alex, help me!\" Steven ran at her, grabbing tightly onto her shoulders and staring into her eyes. The scene was eerily familiar. \"Anna! Anna, listen to me! I'm going to tell you what I told you last time: Alex is dead . She died nearly two years ago! Rachel is dead too. She is not here. She is not back from the dead! She is not going to hurt you!\" There was silence. Anna stared blankly at him, and her breathing slowed down. \"…dead?\" she asked, as if she were having trouble forming the word. \"Yes, Anna. Dead. My god, what has happened to you?\" Steven asked, his voice full of pain. He embraced Anna, her blood staining his shirt. \"…dead…\" she repeated again. Anna fainted, falling into her father's arms. Steven stood there for a moment, unable to comprehend what had just happened. He then scooped his unconscious, underweight daughter up in his arms, walked to the next room, and laid her on the couch. He then sighed, kissed her on the forehead, and walked to the phone. -o-o-o-o-o-o-o-o- Anna awoke with a start. White. That was all she saw. \"Am I dead?\" she wondered out loud. There was no answer. She tried to sit up, but had a difficult time. It was then that she looked down. She was wearing a straightjacket. Panic shot through her. She began to struggle, unintentionally making the jacket even tighter. \"Anna,\" a voice said, \"I wouldn't do that.\" Anna froze. No. No. No. No. NO! It couldn't be…Anna turned and looked to the right. It was her. Rachel. Anna screamed again. \"Oh, Anna. I'd listen if I were you. I know about these things. I'm a nurse, remember?\" Rachel began to laugh, and Anna began to cry. \"You're not real, you're not real, you're not real…\" she repeated to herself. Rachel only smiled, a drop of blood working its way down her face. \"Of course she's real, pretty Anna,\" said another voice to Anna's left. She looked, though her vision was blurred by tears. \"And I'm real. And I'm going to be in here with you for forever. I can tell you all of my stories, every last one. Even the one about how I got my beads.\" Mildred said. Anna fainted again, her forehead plastered with sweat and her face with tears. The door to the padded room opened a few moments later, and two nurses and Dr. Silberling walked in. \"Poor girl,\" one of the nurses said. \"Has she always been this bad, Dr. Silberling?\" The doctor looked down sadly at Anna. \"No,\" he said, \"not at all. I had a lot of hope for her. I thought she could get better. But she will never be the same now. Not ever.\" Dr. Silberling crouched down and wiped her face with a towel that one of the nurses handed him. Anna stirred slightly. \"Alex,\" she murmured. Dr. Silberling's eyes misted up. \"Who's Alex?\" the other nurse asked. \"Alex was her sister who she accidentally killed,\" he muttered. \"She's been imagining that she's been alive for the past two years.\" The nurses were silent. \"When she wakes up, give her a mild sedative.\" He added as he stood up and walked out of the room. The nurses nodded, and followed him out the door. It shut, leaving pretty little Anna all alone, never to be the girl that she once was again. The End Hello, and thank you for reading Never the Same , my fanfiction on one of my favorite movies, The Uninvited . Feedback would be much appreciated :D I first saw this movie in theaters and I loved it. It's not the greatest movie in the world, but I love love love Emily Browning (she's like, completely stunning), and I loved how it was more of a tragic and psychological movie than anything else. Seriously, it's so sad! Anyway, I never really had any inspiration to write a fanfic until now. Don't ask why, 'cause I have no clue haha But yeah. Anna is basically completely crazy in this fic. She can only remember snippets of what happened the night she killed Rachel, and once again denies knowing that Alex is dead. Whether the ghosts are real or not are up to you to decide. :3 If you have any questions, please ask, I will be glad to answer them. Thank you again for reading and have a lovely day! LB ","Summary":" Never the Same A fanfiction based on The Uninvited No copy right infringement intended. The author "},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"untitled, the uninvited","Author":"roseDB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5260175","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note, hineveryone! I wanted to do this story because I was disappointed thatnin the movie it didn't tell anything about the night Anna cutnherself. So heres story explaining it. Enjoy! roseDB. p.s, Anna knows Alex isndead, and the fire actually was an accident. And this story is meantnto be short. The night after Anna'snmother and sister died, the only people in the empty feeling housenwere, Anna, her father, and Rachel. Anna was angry that Rachel wasnstill there. She knew about Rachel and her father's affair. Annanhad not left her room since the accident. She could not bringnherself to eat either. She felt like there wasnno point anymore. Anna ran herself a bath in the bathroom her and hernsister used to share. She lowered her self into the bath with a pairnof scissors. Anna cried but, she dug the scissors into her leftnwrist, then her right. She let out a loud scream, one she was surenthat her father and Rachel would hear. She looked at the waternthrough her blurry eyes, and was turned red. She felt herself loosingnconsciousness as Rachel walked in and screamed. ","Summary":" Authors note, hineveryone! I wanted to do this story because I was disappointed thatnin the movie i"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Katniss & Peeta, an undying love","Author":"hutcherson-lawrence-posey","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8802379","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Hey guys! This is my first story about Katniss & Peeta, but my story will have a twist. They live in our time, in California! Hope you guys like it & please review!(: Katniss's POV: I hear my alarm clock buzzing from what it seems like a thousand miles away. I get up to turn it off. My mother made me put it across the room so that way, I'll have to get up and turn it off. I walk up to my closet to get dressed for school. I attend Jurupa High School, the most finest school in the whole city. I have no idea how I got accepted, I have the brain of a five year old! Once I'm dressed, my mother drives me and my little sister, Prim, to school. I hop out of the car, and the cold wind instantly hits my face. I curse and mumble under my breath and make my way to the entrance. As soon as I enter the school, my group suddenly appears before my eyes. My best friend, Johanna Mason and I have been friends since like second grade. Our best guy friends Gale and Finnick are with her. Finnick's girlfriend, Annie, hangs out with us too. Then finally, my amazing, handsome boyfriend, Peeta arrives. \"Hey babe.\" I say, as we passionately kiss. \"Break it up you two!\" murmurs , our biology teacher. Me and Peeta just laugh and make our way to home room. \"Dude, my mom is such a bitch! She wont let me go anywhere! Did you know, she didn't even let me go to Finnick's party last month!\" I rant to Peeta. \"Yeah, I was there. You didn't miss anything, it wasn't that great.\" He replies. I roll my eyes and smile. We see our teacher enter the room, and we kiss one more time before school starts. Tada! There's chapter one! Hope you guys liked it. Please review & ill update soon!(: ","Summary":" A/N: Hey guys! This is my first story about Katniss & Peeta, but my story will have a twist. They l"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Aftermath","Author":"rancoroftheheart","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5156611","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Aftermath is a \"what if\" story…what if Anna wasn't crazy…what if Alex wasn't dead…and what if Rachel had really tried to kill them. Anna and Alex sat on their dock. They watched as the sun set and both swished their feet in the water until they heard their father call them. \"He's doing better,\" Anna spoke quietly. Alex grinned at Anna. \"Come on miss doom and gloom; I'm starved.\" Alex grabbed his shorter sister by the wrist and led her up to the house. The dinner table was quiet; there were only the sounds of forks picking at food and the sound of drinks being sipped. \"Daddy, are we going to town tomorrow?\" Anna hoped that getting him out of the house would make him feel better. \"Yes.\" Once dinner was over the girls cleaned the kitchen while Steven went to his office. \"Anna, dad will be fine. We just have to give him time. It's only been a month since Rachel was found guilty. And you know he feels guilty because he was the one who hired Rachel and well because of the affair.\" Steven Ivers sat at his desk. He leaned back in his chair and opened up a bottom drawer. Inside of it was an almost empty bottle Jack Daniels with four other empty ones and one not opened. He placed his hand around it and stuffed it back inside; slamming the drawer shut. I can't do this. I can't…I have to think of my girls. We have to get through this. I have to step up and be the father they need. I have to make up for not listening to their warnings and I have to make up for being the cause of their mother's death. He walked out of the office and turned off the lights. 8 months later The house had been repainted inside and out. The furniture was redone or replaced. Almost everything about the Ivers' Estate had changed. Because when bad things happen, closure then change comes along as apart of the package. Both Steven and Anna were in the living room finishing up decorations for the party they were throwing for Alex. This would be the first time she'd been home since she had left for college. Car doors could be heard being shut and many people had already shown up. Anna ran out the front door and practically knocked her sister over with the force of her hug. Throughout the whole party the two were inseparable. Once the party was over the three Ivers stayed the rest of the night and all that early morning either playing games, talking, or watching movies. A lot had happened to the family. Alex and Anna lost their mother; Steven his wife. Anna lost Matt when Rachel tried to cover her tracks. And they all had lost a sense of trust between them. With Rachel being put away they were able to overcome the obstacles. Over the courses of their lives they were able to remain pleasantly happy and lead mostly normal lives. Alex graduated with two degrees, married, and had a son. Anna proceeded to get a doctorate in psychology, she became a doctor at the very ward she had once attended. She married and had a set of twin girls. Steven Ivers lived out a long life in the Ivers' Estate. He went on to publish another 15 books, and enjoyed the company of three grandchildren. Mildred Kemp or Rachel Summers lived out her lifetime in a small cell holding a pearl necklace. ","Summary":" Aftermath is a \"what if\" story…what if Anna wasn't crazy…what if Alex wasn't dead…and what if Rac"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Sound Barrier","Author":"cuter-than-a-guinea-pig","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13054371","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"And how are you feeling this morning?\" Suddenly light headed and disoriented. And the ringing was louder, an incessant souvenir from his time in Europe. Farrier's mind tried to keep pace with it. Stay on rhythm. He was once good at deciphering the chaos in his head, knowing where and when to rack focus to resolve concrete forms out from their fuzzy white backdrop. Right now, it was all a blur. His mind raced but it passed nothing or maybe it passed something but that something sped away again so quickly that its pieces fragmented and blurred into the next something. His brows furrowed, and he shifted in his seat. Had they succeeded in taking his mind, the SS thugs who guarded the prison camp where he had been held. No. He would not give them the satisfaction. Violence was their only tactic. The British military, however, maybe they were the ones to blame. They had built a soldier, a fighter pilot, not a man. They had crafted a mind capable of shielding bombers from enemy fire, for directly engaging the Luftwaffe, twenty thousand kilometers above the earth, at speeds that no other human had reached and lived to talk about. They had trained him for enemy capture and torture and interrogation but never for rescue, liberation, victory. It was as if they had expected to lose or to lose him or expected this war to go on forever because they never trained him for after. But after was exactly where Farrier found himself. The world had slowed. Young women in white uniforms bustled about him, reassured him, tended to his needs. He had been pulled back from the front line. His shattered leg was useless in combat. He was returned to civilization despite knowing nothing about it. His eyes were still sharp though and they saw that civilization moved at a slower pace. His Spitfire had moved at 800km/hr. The London Underground maxed out at 60. Maybe that was the problem. Maybe his mind wasn't broken. Maybe it was just incompatible with its new reality. His mind had been trained to keep up with his plane and the planes fighting for airspace around him. Questions from a stranger sitting across a desk were about strategy, about the strength of the British force. They were not personal. They did not concern his own well being. So how was he feeling this morning? \"Fine.\" Farrier shrugged. \"Fine? Not anxious? Not excited?\" \"No.\" \"What about pain level? Where are you at today?\" Nurses had been posing this question to him for the past four months and Farrier still hadn't figured out how to answer it. You were either dead, bedridden, or not. A soldier did not exist without pain. Feeling it was a good thing. It meant the limb was attached, the brain was still inside the skull. The ringing meant he could still hear. Civilians didn't understand this. He presumed the war nurses had at one point but now that there was no war, they seemed to be the first to revert. He had learned their game. A number less than four and they would move on to their next patient. Five through seven would prompt further interrogation. Eight, nine, and ten would send a higher ranking official, maybe the doctor, and if you were lucky, more morphine. Greater than ten would earn you a smile and a flirt. He was a one on most days, an eleven when the monotony became too much. Some days he was surprised at how much damage a pretty girl with a prettier smile could repair. Other days he was surprised at how little effect their fluttery eyelashes and playful chides had. Most days though it was all just white. White uniforms, white bedding, white bandages, white walls. White noise. And ringing. \"I don't know.\" She smiled, set down her clipboard and folded her hands on top of it. \"That's the first time you've answered that honestly, Mr. Farrier.\" His eyes shot to hers. He hadn't been Mr. in fifteen years. \"That's a sign if any,\" she continued. \"If you need a place to stay tonight until you can catch a train, we still have some billets available.\" \"I'm just in London.\" \"Oh, of course. East end, yes?\" Farrier nodded. \"That'll be nice. Home at last.\" Again, he nodded. She tilted her head as if waiting for more before seemingly giving up. She picked up her pen and scrawled it across the bottom of the form on her clipboard. He reached for his pack and pulled the strap over his shoulder. Then he reached for the cane leaning on the arm of his chair. He pushed himself to his feet and hobbled out of her office and out of the hospital. His steps were slow but deliberate. He hesitated only when he reached the stairs to the underground. He paused at the top and re-adjusted his pack to his back, and then to his left, and then back to his right. Its weight threw off his balance. \"Sir? Sir?\" It wasn't until the man stepped down onto the step below him and moved to block his path that Farrier noticed him. His cheeks were still round. He was young. Too young to have fought, he reckoned, but then again that had been a frequent thought when faced with new recruits. \"Would you like a hand? I can carry your pack.\" \"A soldier carries his own pack.\" \"Of course, sir. I meant no offense. My brother served. Killed on D-Day. I just thought…\" The ringing grew louder, as if it was echoing out of the stairwell. The disorientation was back. Farrier blinked to clear his head but the stairs twisted further with each new frame. He clutched the hand rail and shrugged the pack from his shoulder. The boy took it and reached out a hand but quickly retracted it. Farrier smiled. He could still enact fear. He could still conjure some respect. He nudged his damaged leg down a step and down another. The boy kept pace, always just one step ahead. He followed Farrier to the empty platform and waited beside him. The damp air hung heavy and stale around him. A few feet away a steady drip of water fell from the ceiling. Electricity buzzed along the rails, like a bombing contingent headed for the continent, hundreds of planes, Hurricanes, Halifaxes, Spitfires, flying in tight formation. Loud cracks popped from the rails every so often as the electricity jumped between them. An anti-aircraft gunner had connected and somewhere amongst the formation a plane was tumbling out of the sky. The buzz rattled on. The contingent moved forward towards the target. A low hum came through the black tunnel where the platform ended and the tracks disappeared into the depths. Farrier turned towards the growing sound, the horizontal white tiles that lined the walls guiding his eye. He willed its approach, something to drown the ringing. The train rounded a curve in the track and light cut through the black. Enemy fire. Then the ground below him began to vibrate. The rumble traveled up his cane and into his wrist. It shook the healing bones in his shattered leg. A hit. He dropped his cane and stumbled sideways into the boy. \"Are you okay, sir?\" They boy asked, breaking a more dramatic fall and helping to right him. \"'M fine. Fine. Cane,\" he said. \"Right. Sorry, sir,\" the boy said and hastily picked it off the concrete. \"And my pack.\" \"Right.\" He hesitated. \"I could carry it for you. It's really no trouble. Where are you headed?\" \"Home. Where you should be.\" \"It's only four, sir.\" \"No, no. I can take care of myself. Did it for the past six years, didn't I.\" \"Of course.\" Farrier took his pack and swung it back over his shoulder and limped onto the train car just before the doors slid closed. He was grateful to find a free seat before it lurched forwards. He looked out the window and saw the boy still standing there watching him. His chest tightened and sunk. He shouldn't have snapped at him. He lifted his right hand to his brow in salute. The boy smiled and returned it and then he was gone as Farrier was pulled into the black tunnel. He got off six stops later and hobbled slowly up the station stairs. The sky was darkening and the streets were starting to fill with commuters on their way home. Shoes clattered impatiently on the sidewalk behind him and when there was a break in the cars, they would step into the street to rush past him. He took up too much space. He was an inconvenience. His mind raced too fast for this new world but his body moved too slow. The streets looked different. Buildings he remembered were gone and new towers stood in their place. He wasn't surprised. His landlord had left him a letter with the RAF offices. His flat had been hit in the Blitz. His landlord had salvaged what he could and was storing it for him. His building would not have been the only casualty. He passed a lot that was still rubble. He stopped and leaned against the lamp post that stood in front of the property. The joint in his knee was beginning to ache. He studied the twisted iron and splintered wood trying to remember what it had once been. He had once passed the building every day. Now he didn't know if it had been shops or apartments or the doctor's office. A grey dust coated the debris. Farrier couldn't tell if it was from the original hit or from the rebuilding going on around it. Both, he supposed but really it didn't matter. They were the same source. A changing world that so readily destroyed that there was no longer time to repair the broken pieces. Better to bury the mangled parts in the suffocating smoke and ash. \"Farrier! It's good to see you, lad. You look well. You look really well.\" Farrier raised an eyebrow. With every step he took, his limp grew worse and he leaned further and further into his cane. By the time he knocked on the door his torso must have been at a forty-five-degree pitch. \"Come now, lad. You were in a prison camp for four years. Some men walk out of those looking like corpses. Now come in. Sit down.\" Mr. Finchley took his pack and stepped aside, ushering him into the sitting room. His reading chair was positioned opposite Mr. Finchley's sofa by the fire place that was cracking lightly. \"I see you've helped yourself.\" \"Waste not, want not.\" He shuffled around the coffee table and stumbled on the rug. When he sat though, he sat slowly and delicately as if half expecting the chair to give way beneath him. The legs held though and the cushions formed around his body and pulled him deeper. He let out a satisfied hum. Off his feet and reunited with a little piece of home, maybe the only piece of home that remained. The feeling was similar to when Canadian troops had stormed the prison camp or when the transport plane had touched down in Dover or when the train had pulled into Kingscross. Relief and warmth. Like he could breathe again. Tears had welled in his eyes on each occasion. They did so again. The dim room, lit only by the small orange flame, blurred before him. Mr. Finchley had disappeared to prepare a pot of tea and Farrier let cool drops pool, let them sooth his tiered eyes. He thought he was past the emotion of survival but something felt different this time. He let his head fall back against the chair. Mr. Finchley called from the kitchen and Farrier called back with his order: just black thanks. It went quiet again. Not silent but the quite of homely puttering. More peaceful than quiet really but the tinkering was something you could fall asleep to and so he let his mind drift. The fire popped and he startled. A large ember jumped out of the hearth onto the wood floorboards. Farrier reached for his cane and pushed it back to the stone. Foot steps creaked from the hallway and he wiped the tears from his eyes. The old man entered the small room holding two cups of tea and Farrier tried to push himself upright to meet him half way. \"Sit, lad, sit.\" \"You shouldn't fuss over me.\" \"A little fuss is good for a man my age. I was out everyday helping clear rubble after the bombings.\" \"Should've known a shoddy job when I saw it,\" Farrier said with a smile. \"Passed at least three lots that haven't been touched yet.\" Mr. Finchley chuckled. \"Government's not paying. What do they expect. I fixed the leaky tap of yours and then boom, Germans blow the thing to pieces. Water main shooting a mile high. Flooded the whole street. How's that for a drip? But we managed, we managed. Would have been worse without you boys in the sky.\" Farrier gave a small nod. He wished for nothing more than to have piloted one of those planes in the skies over London. He dropped his gaze to the cup of tea in his hand. Heat poured from the porcelain over his skin. It burned. Instead of setting it down, he brought it to his lips and sipped. His tongue curled away, refusing to swallow, an act which would immerse it in the scalding liquid. His gums were left to burn. \"What do you recon now? Forced to speak again, he swallowed. The hot liquid rushed over the roof of his mouth stripping a layer of pink skin as a crashing wave strips the sand from a beach. He shook his head. \"Don't know. I think London has moved on without me. Farrier spent the next two nights on Mr. Finchley's sofa. Despite it being far cushier than the hospital cot, he did not sleep. For hours, he lay in the dark, his tongue playing the piece of dead skin dangling from the roof of his mouth, pushing it back and forth, sometimes trying to tear it off completely. When exhaustion finally won, he was always jolted awake by German shouts, and German guns, and German bombs. Black swastikas pierced through the center of red maple leaves and bled outward, swallowing his saviours before swallowing him. Nights in the hospital on the other side of the city had been no different. He needed out. He left on the third day. He limped to the train station and purchase a one-way ticket to Hemsby, a small village on the South-Eastern coast. The train rumbled through London, through the buildings that exploded and crumbled down on him in his nightmares. Farrier closed his eyes, the hum and the gentle vibration reminded him of his Spitfire. It was the last place he had felt safe and he had set it on fire. He had stood and watched the flames burn through the chill of the early night air. The teal blue sky, suddenly black, against the bright orange and yellow. It was blinding. And then he was surrounded, guns pointed at him from all sides, commands shouted at him that he did not understand. He tried to run. He knocked a rifle out of one soldier's hands. He knocked another soldier to the ground. The sand was deep though and his feet sank too far into it with each step. His legs felt as if they were fighting through on opposing ocean tide. A soldier caught up to him. He waited for the bullet he could see poised down the barrel of the rifle. Instead, pain shot though his right leg and he collapsed onto the sand as the soldier continued to strike him with his baton. He tried to crawl away but the soldier was relentless, even as the flames from the burning plane charged towards them. He howled as the flames engulfed him and his eyes shot open. A nightmare. Just a nightmare. He was quick to come down from them these days. A few deep breaths, a pan of his surroundings, each blink slow and methodical, as if he were taking a photograph, proof of reality. Across the isle, a woman read a newspaper, the front page headline: Sinews of Peace: Churchill warns of Iron Curtain. The seat across from him was empty and fabricated in dull blue and green stripes. Out the window green hills dotted with purple wild flowers rolled past. A white seagull glided across the blue sky, its wings still, stretched out wide, like those of a plane. The salty smell of the sea washed over him as he stepped off the train. The small Hemsby platform was quiet enough he could hear the gulls call from above. The station house was just the way he remembered it from childhood visits to his grandparents: white siding, green roof, green doors, green window frames. His grandparents were long gone now though and as he limped into town, sun shown through the thin veil of his plan. Get out of London. That was what it amounted to. He remembered a hotel at the north end of the beach. \"We can have a room ready in about an hour, Sir. You can leave your bag if you want to wander through town or enjoy the beach.\" \"Thanks, but I'll stick to the pub.\" \"You serve?\" the bartender asked as he poured him a scotch. \"Something like that.\" \"Hard to believe it's over.\" Farrier hummed. He took a long sip of the amber drink placed in front of him. War talk required booze. \"I swear the airfield's busier now than it ever was. Look, there go all the girls.\" Farrier turned in his seat. Passed the windows, a group of young women bounded, bundled in wool coats and mitts. His brow furrowed as his gaze followed the girls to the beach. Then a Spitfire shot across the horizon. It was low and its speed surprised even him. To the pub patrons, mostly middle age men, the girls seemed to be the real show. Though muffled, their enthusiastic shrieks could be heard through the glass window panes. \"What are they doing?\" \"Something to do with a sound barrier, I think. I asked one of the lads once but he was well pissed at that point and I'm not the sharpest.\" Farrier's eyes widened, and his mouth fell open, a small grin pulling across it. \"They're trying to break it,\" he said. While he still had his wings, the sound barrier had been a myth of sorts. It was all theoretical, something pilots overheard engineers talking about in abstract aspirations. Maybe this would be the plane. Maybe this would be the engine. Maybe this would be the pilot. And then the war broke out and attention shifted. \"And what would that accomplish? Aside from amusing the local girls.\" Farrier shrugged. It would be the greatest achievement in aviation history, the fastest man had ever flown.[Chapter 2] Farrier spent that first evening in the pub. It was small and adorned with scuffed wooden tables and mismatched wooden chairs. Small lanterns sat at the center of each table beside an ash tray and glowed orange and faint off the warm wooden surrounds. The longer Farrier sat at the bar, the cozier the pub felt and the ringing in his ears dampened with each emptied glass. He stumbled to his room just before midnight. Alcohol was hard to come by in captivity and the hospital and his tolerance had dipped. He flopped down on his bed as soon as it blurred into view. When he awoke the next morning, it was to a dry mouth and a dull headache. He groaned and cursed the world that had finally allowed him to sleep in exchange for waking in more pain. The ringing was back, and louder, making up for the few quiet drunken hours the night before. He sat up and the dull ache throbbed. The room spun and his stomach churned with it. The morning sun glistened in off the water like a knife to his cornea. He pulled the curtains closed but the room was still too bright. He stumbled back down to the dimly lit pub and sat down at the bar. \"Another scotch?\" the bartender asked. \"Good man.\" Farrier said. \"You know if they still have their blackout curtains?\" The bartender laughed and filled his glass. Over the following days, this became his routine. Drink all day, stumble to his room, pass out, wake up, feel ill, and start drinking again to numb it all. This wasn't an escape. This was a hospice. At least in Hemsby, Farrier didn't know anyone. There would be no one to witness him wilt. Sunday morning the pub was closed. Farrier blinked confused at the sign on the door. \"Bloody Christians.\" He turned to walk back up to his room but the stairs warped and twisted. Even they were too much for his hungover state. With the aid of a steadying hand on the wall, Farrier turned and walked towards the front door of the hotel. The morning air washed over him like a desperately needed shower. It was cool and gentle and reminded him of the nurses who pressed cold compresses to his head. He took a deep breath. And then another to settle the nausea and ease the throbbing. The sun was still too bright. It pierced him like the open and eager smiles of the young women who had tended to him. He returned their pleasantries while willing them away and wishing to crawl under his hospital bed and live out his life in the shadows with the other monsters. Because that's what he was. A monster. During the war he was a weapon until he was captured and caged like a beast. And now he was a drunk, berating the morning sun. He doubted he would ever be able to readjust to its light. Part of him had always been in the shadows. Those smiles from women had unnerved him long before the war. At least he had a suitable excuse now. He raised a hand to his brow to shield his eyes and crossed the road to walk along the boardwalk on the opposite side. A few blocks on, a set of stairs lead down to the sand and Farrier limped down them. He walked towards the pier and took shelter from the sun beneath it. He leaned against one of the wood pillars and slid down it, stretching his legs out wide before him and resting him cane between them. The sand beneath him was cool and soothing like the ocean air. It was still damp from high tide, shielded here from the drying rays of the sun. It was more like mud, but Farrier didn't mind. His clothes were already grimy. Grease, Tabaco smoke, booze sloshed over the rims of glasses, and sprinkles of urine splashed back from urinals and brick ally walls were woven in between the worn threads. It was a grime born of pubs and the beings who were once men that lived in them. Farrier looked onwards through the small window, framed by the pier above and its supporting pillars on the either side, into a world of sand and ocean and sky, of brown grit washed into clear, crisp blue. The whisper of the ocean lulled him like his engine used to, constant, rhythmic, until he was so used to the drone that it became part of his stasis state, fading from his senses. He closed his eyes and let himself drift on the air currents coming in off the water. He could feel it almost, like he was flying again, in training, learning to glide and land without an engine. The wind was blowing south westerly, hitting him at ten o'clock. It was gentle and steady. The pillars of the pier stretched out before him, providing a flight path into that ideal world contained within the frame. He shifted his right hand in a gentle arc where it rested, open palm, atop his cane, angling it to the left. Lift the left aileron, dip the right, bank into the wind. But just slightly, just to hold the line. When he reached the end of the pier and the sky would open up around him and he would climb into the blue. His left hand curled into the sand and dragged it back, opening the throttle as he rocked his cane back towards his chest. The wind would be stronger at higher altitudes. It was deceptive that way. Stronger crosswinds required a steeper bank. More lift on the left aileron, more dip on the right. Once he reached his new cruising altitude, high, away from the seagulls and their cawing, where the airspace was his to rule, he would level the pitch. Ease both hands forward again and maintain the bank to continue tracking straight, dead out over the ocean. The loud woosh of an engine, knocked Farrier out of his lull. His airspace had been intruded upon. His left thumb pushed down into the sand, pressing the radio control on the side of the throttle. \"Fortis Two, we have company.\" A Spitfire zoomed across his narrow frame. Farrier leaned forward to try and follow its flight path but his sight line was restricted by pillars. Just like his cockpit. All you could see was your own nose and wings and that was only if the piss poor glass hadn't gone opaque in the sun glare. It was a wonder they managed to hit a target. \"Lost'em. He was heading south along the coast. Low on the horizon. And fast. Aided by the tailwind.\" A second plane followed minutes later. Farrier closed his palm around his cane and moved his thumb down over the gun trigger. He concentrated on the hum of the engine, the change in pitch as it approached the pier. The planes crossed his line of fire for only a fraction of a second and the bullets had to travel over a kilometer out. He had to time it just right. Even with the wind working in his favour, Farrier doubted he could ever make the shot. On the ninth pass, a pilot broke rank. The engine sound changed. Farrier leaned over and looked down the beach. The sand was dotted with young women huddled together in small groups, their heads tilted up, hands pointing to the sky. With a groan and an ache, Farrier stood and walked out from under the pier. The pilot was climbing. His plane, in stark relief in the otherwise clear sky, was almost vertical. His ascent was slowing, about to stall, gravity's short leash about to run out. Farrier counted him down. \"Four, three, two…\" The propeller stopped. The plane twisted in the air. Its right wing fell and its left wing rolled over so that the nose began to plummet towards the water. There were gasps and shrieks from down the beach. Farrier's stomach dipped and he smiled. Stalling out on a climb and falling back to earth was a feeling like no other. Even as a spectator he could feel the rush of it, amplified as the plane picked up speed, gravity's punishment for the attempted escape. The engine roared back to life and propellers spun back into a blur. The pilot was well past the standard point of recovery but still his nose pointed down. Speed, Farrier reckoned. He was trying to gain speed. A dangerous game to play. Gravity did not take well to being subjugated to grifts of others. The pilot forfeited. Farrier watched the nose of the plane level off and pull up again. He overcorrected, losing his speed. He didn't continue his pass down the beach but instead made a wide circle out over the ocean and returned to the airfield. The girls settled back into the sand and the beach was quiet again. The ringing in his ears picked up to compensate. He felt eyes on him. In the absence of the planes, his lop-sided form was the next best spectacle. He had never been the best dresser. The only suit he owned was his military dress blues. Youth and a smile had saved him before. But the war had aged him and his week-old beard hid what remained. It also itched. He needed a shower. Farrier walked back to the hotel. Despite its three-stories which towered over the shop fronts, the pale blue building almost blended into the sky. A large sign hung vertically from the front: Oceanview Promenade. The pub had re-opened, but Farrier continued up to his room. It was small. The double bed dressed in white linens took up most of the floor space. An end table sat on one side and a set of dresser drawers on the other. There was a writing desk under the large window and a narrow wardrobe opposite the foot of the bed. The walls were papered with a faint blue and white stripe and a painting of a marina hung beside the door. It was designed for a quaint beach holiday. Farrier could picture the young couple on their honeymoon, her in a sun dress, him in a short sleeve cotton button up. He felt out of place. He was the off-season guest. He gathered his shaving kit and took it down the hall to the bathroom. He undressed and stood in-front of the mirror. He didn't recognize his reflection. Dark circles drooped below his bloodshot eyes. His shoulders hunched. His stomach protruded. His arms hung limp and his pale skin sagged off the bone. This was not the man who trained the first round of new recruits when the war broke out. This was not the man who turned arrogant, naïve boys into fighter pilots. This was not the man who carried on south across the Channel on his reserve tank knowing there was no fuel to get home. No, this man was not worthy of the His Majesty's Royal Air Force. He stood under the shower spray until it ran cold and then stood longer. He didn't know what he was trying to wash off. The grime, the prison, the war? The scotch? He trimmed the scraggle from his beard but stopped short of shaving it off. His cheeks would look too hollow without it. It wasn't until later that evening that he returned to the pub. He picked up a newspaper from the lobby and ordered a cup of tea when he took his seat at the bar. It was louder than usual, the smoke in the air denser, but his seat was still free. \"Taking the day off?\" the barkeep asked. \"Something like that.\" The barkeep picked the small copper kettle off the shelf behind him and disappeared through a swinging door. Farrier opened the paper. 'Iron Curtain Descends on Europe.\" Farrier hummed. It had descended directly on top of him and trapped him beneath its immense weight. He flipped to page five for the article and Churchill's full speech. The beginning read as a plea to the United States to pull Britain along on her rise to glory. The United States, after all, already had a special relationship with the Dominion of Canada so it seemed only fair to extend this relationship to big brother. The kettle whistled from the back and Farrier furrowed his brow. This was the man who had held strong against Nazi Germany from the beginning, when even King Edward wavered. This was the man shored up their island into the immovable object to rival Hitler's unstoppable force. Why step aside now? The barkeep placed the cup and saucer before him and Farrier took a careful sip. \" Twice in our own lifetime we have seen the United States, against their wishes and their traditions, against arguments, the force of which it is impossible not to comprehend, drawn by irresistible forces, into these wars in time to secure the victory of the good cause, but only after frightful slaughter and devastation had occurred. Twice the United States has had to send several millions of its young men across the Atlantic to find the war; but now war can find any nation, wherever it may dwell between dusk and dawn.\" That was why. Britain could not risk America retreating across the Atlantic again. War was brewing. It was a sobering message. This time there would be no twenty-year armistice. Moscow had their pick of the spoils. It did not lie in ruins like Berlin at the end the Great War. Stalin did not need a recovery period. But Britain did, boke and hungry, it's Empire bleeding from open sores. The sea was Britain's greatest defence and though its waters had not fallen and its waves had not eased, those would not stop a plane carrying an atomic bomb. Farrier finished his tea and set down his cup. The barkeeper promptly refilled it. \"What do you make of all this?\" he asked. Farrier shrugged. The barkeeper nodded towards the front corner of the pub. \"They seem just as disinterested.\" Farrier turned. The alcove of tables by the front window was taken up by a dozen men in uniform and a group of girls wearing bright red lipstick and low-cut tops. Half empty glasses covered the table, forgotten once the new round was bought. One of the men stood quickly and stumbled, knocking several glasses to the floor. Usually startling, the shattering glass seemed right at home amongst the shouts and cheers and the girls quick to giggle. Farrier turned back to his tea. These were not the men who needed to be interested. These were the pawns to be hurled head first across Europe, their skulls cracked open against Churchill's iron wall, their limp bodies pilled in a heap at its base. It was the men in the halls of Westminster who needed the barkeep's ire for it was those men who aimed and fired. \"I'd kick'em out if they didn't spend so much money.\" The barkeeper mumbled shaking his head. Blond hair appeared in Farrier's peripheral, shining bright through the smoke haze that hung in the air. \"Sorry, mate.\" \"No worries, lad,\" the barkeeper said passing a stack of napkins across the bar. \"Aye.\" The Scottish accent cut clear through the rowdy crowd. Blue eyes flashed in memory. It played back to him like a jittery film reel, like one of those Hollywood pictures they put on in the mess hall in the evenings. The image of the pilot bounced and flickered in and out of focus and frame, black and white apart from the bright blue of his eyes. By the time the image steadied, and Farrier looked up from the paper, the pilot was half way back to his table. Still, there was no mistaking him. Collins. Suddenly, Farrier wished he had stayed in his room or had sat in one of the dark booths in the corner or that the smoke in the pub was thicker, thick enough to obscure him from view. It was like flying in fog. Before take off, pilots prayed for clear skies but soon realized that if you could see the enemy, the enemy could see you. What would he see? The cane. The awkward way Farrier's injured leg jutted out. The ill-fitting cardigan that did little to hide his withering frame. And what would Farrier see if he truly looked? For the past five years Collins had lived only within his mind, chained within the dark alcoves carved forcefully. Collins wasn't a monster in those dungeons. He was the light. His blue eyes cut through the bleak stone and shone of the sea and the sky and home. And so Farrier had shackled him to his cell wall like a lantern to witness and suffer what the fates were to bring. A human shield. He was no better than his guard. This is what the strength of a soldier required. The pilot he trained was not the guardian he had created in his mind. What did Collins know? What conversations had been real? What glances had lingered? What contact had been made? Farrier had some idea but there were grey blurs, lines intentionally erased during the rougher moments, the cold winter nights, the days without food, when his body came out of shock and the pain began to siege. His excuse, Collins had gone down in the Channel, no shore in sight. He was dead. They would never come face to face again. The ringing overtook the noise in the pub. Farrier paid his tab and retreated quickly to his room. He lit a cigarette and took a long, slow drag to settle the twinge in his fingers and the spinning in his head. He sat on the desk in front of the open window and listened to the water rock the small beach town to sleep. The sun had set and pulled the blue from the sky and the ocean leaving behind a black void. To the south, at the tip of a rocky peninsula, a light house stood. A soft white light rotated in its tower, a silent warning, or perhaps a beacon, for ships at sea. Its glow was quickly swallowed by the night. The door to the pub creaked and Farrier watched from above as Collins stepped out into the cool night air. He lit his own cigarette and Farrier smiled. That was real. Those quiet moments at the beginning of the war where he and Collins walked out to the low stone wall at the edge of the airfield and passed a cigarette back and forth. Sometimes they talked, base gossip, mission debrief. Other times they didn't. Collins meandered across the street to the metal rail that ran along the boardwalk. The light house caught his blond hair with each pass, a low crescent moon in the moonless sky.[Chapter 3] Farrier watched Collins from the window until the door to the pub burst open and the other pilots tumbled out. Collins turned when they called his name but stayed against the rail. One of the young women skipped over across the road and looped her arm through his, giving him a tug. He smiled and stamped out his cigarette before allowing her to lead him up the road with the others. Farrier didn't sleep that night without the drowsy spell of alcohol. The flight over the Channel played in a loop in his mind. Collins' voice cut through the ringing in his ear but it no more soothing. \"He's on me.\" \"I'm going down.\" The words were rushed. He was trying to hide the panic in them. He woke early and walked down the boardwalk to the pier and then out to its end. Grey clouds hung low in the sky. The morning wind was bitter and relentless against every inch of exposed skin. The waves crashed against the pillars below his feet, angry. He waited though until the planes began their test fights. They started the same as they had the previous day. One by one, they zoomed past the beach, low and fast, before making a wide turn over the ocean and returning to base. The sixth plane broke the pattern. He came in slower than the others and then climbed. Farrier strained his neck to follow him until he stalled out and began to plummet. \"Steady, steady,\" he mumbled. Smoke plumed from the engine and the plane disappeared within it. \"Ease it up. Come on, ease up.\" The nose did not level out though and Farrier stood in terror and shock as the plane and its pilot raced towards the ocean. They pierced the waves like a bullet through flesh, silently, instantly swallowed. The only trace of impact was the faint smoke trail, barely visible against the grey clouds, like the trickle of blood on a dark uniform. It was benign almost, cruelly deceptive of the horror obscured from view just below the surface. Shrieks rang from the beach below but the ocean offered nothing. Waves rolled over the spot where the plane had been swallowed, washing away evidence of the wreckage beneath. Farrier kicked off his shoes, climbed up on the wooden rail, and dove into the water. Adrenaline was a funny thing. It had kept him alert during dog fights. It had kept him conscious in the POW camp. Now, it carried him, against the incoming tide, to the sinking plane. Thick, black oil coated the surface above the wreckage and Farrier plunged, head first, into the slick. Against the sting of salt water, he pried open his eyes, pushing deeper and deeper until he spotted the plane. The propellers were gone, as was the left wing, but the cockpit was intact. Farrier slid open the hatch and unbuckled the body slumped over the center control. He hooked his arms beneath the pilot's and kicked for the surface, the sun's guiding light struggling to pierce the clouds and the oil. Farrier gasped as he broke through the slick. He was out of shape and pilot's body was limp and heavy, the flight boots strapped to his feet like cement blocks. Blinking the salt water from his eyes, he saw the pilot for the first time, Collins. A wave crashed over them and washed oil and sea water into Farrier's lungs. He coughed and sputtered, grasping desperately at the surface, willing for something to hold onto. There was only water though and it slipped between the fingers of his right hand while Collins slipped from his left. Maybe this was to be it. Soldiers weren't meant to survive wars. Farrier had always imagined dying in the sky. A hit to the engine causing the fuel tank to explode. His body blown to fragments and scattered in that secret world above the clouds. Fireworks, instant and awe striking. Drowning was a death the navy. But maybe this wasn't so bad. Buried at sea. Entombed with Collins amongst the twisted metal of the Spitfire, rocked to sleep by the tide. Here, they would be together. The ache in his arms boiled and Farrier let himself slip under. It was quiet below the surface. And it was just as blue and peaceful as the sky. A muffled thunder rattled overhead and it seemed to vibrate through him. The salt began to sting again. His lungs and throat convulsed, threatening to explode from his chest in a desperate search for oxygen. The blue water glowed red. A flare. A call back to base for aid. No man left behind. Hitler's war may be over but this was not yet peace time. A new war, Stalin's war, was beginning. Farrier looped his hand through Collin's parachute harness, bettering his grip, and forced his way back to the surface. He found a break in the waves to take a real breath. And then another and his lungs resettled in their cavity. He kicked up his legs and hoisted Collins onto his chest. For serval moments Farrier floated idle, panting, while the water lapped at his ears. \"I've got you, Collins. I've got you,\" he repeated and began to kick. A row boat soon appeared at his side. The men in the boat hauled Collins up first and then helped him. He sat in the middle of the boat, Collins' head resting in his lap. Slowly he brought his hand to Collins' jaw. For a moment he let it rest there. He had stopped himself short so many times before. The skin was smooth, freshly shaven to military standards. He ran his thumb back and forth over his cheek bone, usually so quick to pinken but now a chilling white. Finally, Farrier closed his eyes and held his breath and dipped his forefinger into the tender hallow below Collins' jaw. Life pulsed faintly against his fingers. \"I've got you.\" Farrier was wiping the black oil from Collins' blond hair when two men in uniform waded out into the water and pulled Collins from him. They each wore a white arm band with a red cross in the centre. A wall of strangers stood on the beach in front of him, wide eyed and mouths agape. The paramedics weaved through them to the ambulance waiting up on the road. He stood and stumbled on the wet wood and again on the uneven sand. \"Sir, I fetched these for you. Thought you might need them.\" Farrier blinked and looked at the crowd. A young woman stepped toward him carrying his cane and his shoes. \"Is there anything else I can get you?\" Behind her, up on the boardwalk, the ambulance pulled away. \"No.\" Farrier shoved on his shoes, planted his cane in the sand, and pushed through the crowd. Water dripped from him as he walked leaving a trail down the boardwalk, past the hotel, and beyond the outskirts of the town. \"Collins,\" Farrier said to the guard stationed at the airfield gate. \"I need to see Lieutenant Collins.\" \"I'm sorry, Sir. We don't allow visitors on base.\" \"I know, I know. I'm RAF. I pulled him from the plane.\" \"ID Card?\" \"No, I mean I used to be RAF. I just need to see him.\" Farrier watched the guard's eyes scan him up a down, his brow slightly raised. He must look a state, soaking wet, bum leg, unshaven, smelling of sweat and the sea, and breathing heavily. He straightened his shoulders and hoped his dripping clothes might give some validity to his story. \"Name?\" \"Farrier. Thomas Farrier.\" \"Wait here.\" The guard sighed and stepped into the small office beside the gate. A steady breeze blew inland from the ocean and Farrier shivered. His shirt clung to him like paste. It was suffocating. The water's grip, though withered and pale, clutched around his shoulders. Even on dry land, it pulled him towards the dark and the cold and the depths where he had almost slipped. It hadn't been the first time. The prison camp was just as dark, just as cold, just as damp. He had held Collins the closest in those moments. The thought of departing this world alone was too unsettling. But in those moments Collins had just been a projection, a shaky film reel played on a loop in his head. There was no limit to the hunger, the hypothermia, the beatings. Another frame was always waiting to be shuttled between the lamp and the lens. But Collins was no longer a projection and there was a limit to how long a brain could survive without oxygen. A pulse was only a small piece to the puzzle that was life. He needed to see him. He needed to know. Farrier took a step forward and another and then ducked under the two-inch yellow barricade stretched across the road. The barrack hospital was easy to find, marked with a red cross. He marched in, head high, past the nurse at the front desk. A dozen small cots dressed in white linens lay in two neat rows. Collins occupied the furthest one. \"Collins?\" Farrier said softly as he reached the foot of the bed. The body before him looked stiff, as if it had been placed in its position by others instead of by the will of its own. He placed a hand on Collins' leg like he had so many times before to rouse him from his bunk before a flight. It had never been necessary but that hadn't stopped him from pretending. Farrier's vision blurred as tears pooled in his eyes, Collins slipping from focus. He rubbed circles into Collins' leg with his thumb. If only they were across the airfield in the barracks. If only the last five years had never happened and that they would be wheels up that night over the North Sea. Thirty-five miles off the coast and they would lose radio communication with the controller. They would be alone, together, in a sea of black. It was their own sound barrier. Heavy boot steps sounded behind him. \"Sir, you're going to have to come with us.\" Farrier nodded and allowed himself to be led away. As he was escorted off the airfield, they passed an open hanger. A group of pilots stood around a plane Farrier didn't recognize. It was shiny and metallic like a bullet. The nose was smooth. No propeller. It was sleek where the Spitfire had been scrappy. Its tail stretched wide between the twin booms. Better control. A jet engine protruded from he back of the fuselage. It looked almost as big. More power. More power than Farrier could imagine. There was a second cockpit tucked behind the first. A training model. Collins had been the first student he had taken up in the training Spitfire. Heavy and irregular breathing rattled through the radio. Farrier hesitated to turn the controls over. This was a kid. He had no idea what he was doing. This would end in tail spin towards the ground. The longer Farrier held the controls though, the longer Collins had to picture that fiery wreck and the more erratic his breathing became. He needed a push. He needed Farrier's confidence. And he needed it now. \"Your plane.\" \" My plane,\" Collins echoed. Beneath his hand, Farrier felt resistance in the control. He took a deep breath and then another. He kept a steady rhythm and listened as Collins' breathing evened out and fell in sync. Farrier guided him through sharp turns at high speeds, clouds that left them blind, and turbulence that rattled the controls. \" Ever been above the clouds,\" Farrier asked. \" No, sir.\" \" Take her up then.\" They climbed. The clouds hung dense and firm above them, like the tin roof on a hanger, caging them. But this, of course, was an illusion. The propeller tip slipped into the mist without resistance and carried the rest of the plane in tow. Collins leveled off as the white gave way to blue and flew along the smooth plane that cut across the sky, that cut them off from the world and the war brewing below. Nothing boiled or churned up above the clouds. It was still. Just sky, for hours in every direction. \" The Saltire, it means stirrup in French, you know,\" Collins said. \"It's a support. A leg up. That final push through the clouds,\" he said. His head panned slowly across the endless horizon. \"This sort of makes you believe it all, the legend of Oengus and Saint Andrew.\" Farrier smiled. Scotland and England had been at peace for so long that their centuries of strife seemed like myths of kings and gods. Flying above the clouds was the closest he had felt to a religious revelation. From here, the ugliness of mankind was obscured, and the wonder of world allowed to shine. He had heard pilots talk of flying through the Alps and weaving through the snow-capped peaks that pierced the clouds. Little havens of untouched, untainted land. He hoped the coming war would take him to those mountains. He didn't care what ground situation would require such a mission. He didn't care if that called his own morality into question. He was no saint. \"We could certainly use him. My plane.\" \" Your plane,\" Collins echoed. Farrier took them higher and leveled off at 45,000 ft. \"Don't get much higher. Air gets thin. Guns freeze up. Good for the return when you're out of ammo.\" He shut off the engine and the world went quiet. A chill ran up his spine. \"Glide us home. Your plane.\" \" My plane.\" The silence amplified the beauty of the open sky and they both remained quiet until they re-entered the clouds. \"What do you think Corporal, will we work it out with Germany one day like we've worked it out with each other?\" Collins laughed, loud and clear. \"Spoken like a true Englishman. Ya think we've worked it out. Na, we just found a bigger enemy.\" They descended out of the clouds and Collins guided the plane back towards the base. \" That right?\" \" Buy me a round and I'll teach ya a thing or two?\" Farrier smiled again. He was becoming quick to do so around Collins. Too quick. The air in the cock pit grew thick and too warm. The silent engine was no longer freeing. The peak of British ingenuity and might, was nothing but dead weight pulling them towards the earth. But the plane's nose remained level and the steady hum of Collins' breathing over the radio cut through the quiet. Grey, bleak and ashy and cold metallic, had washed through the war years but, like sparks from the rear gunners of a Heinkel obscured by clouds, his target appeared. A new plane, a new engine, a new pilot. Farrier turned to the men escorting him off the airfield. \"Who would I speak to about re-upping?\"[Chapter 4] \"The offices are still in London.\" Farrier watched the soldier's eyes drop to his cane. \"You'll have to sort that leg out.\" His hand twitched around the curve of the wooden handle. The circumference of the arch was too small and his fingers bunched together, fighting for space. It dug into the loose gravel road and pulled at his arm, dragging him down into the earth. There were times now when his cane went unnoticed, simply an extension of his body. But that was a lie. It was a crutch used to prop up his twisted remnants. Pilots needed to be agile. He would be cramped into the cockpit for hours. His leg needed to bend and mold to the plane. It couldn't seize up. It couldn't erupt in siring pain and pull his attention. All this, of course, was after recertification which comprised of running, jumping, climbing, crawling. There was a reason he resigned. Farrier entered the pub to applause. It was not thunderous. There were only a dozen or so patrons but still, drinks were set down, and conversations were abandoned while they turned and laid eyes on him. His leg twitched. The walk to the airfield was long. Drunken airmen stumbled back from the pubs night after night with ease but Farrier's body was ready to collapse. He nodded hoping the gesture would be sufficient acknowledgement of their gratitude and limped to the stool at the end of the bar. \"First one's on the house,\" the barkeep said. \"Scotch.\" \"Is the pilot going to be okay?\" Farrier shrugged. \"News travels fast.\" The barkeep chuckled. \"Small town. Which pilot was it?\" \"Thought you didn't like them. Rowdy.\" \"Ah they're alright.\" The barkeep poured his drink and set in front of him. \"Well, cheers, mate.\" Farrier downed the scotch and then another. The day quickly became night and the night quickly became tomorrow and then the day after that. They bled into one another, the scotch binding them together like the soggy pages of an old newspaper, the ink transferring from one article to the next, until it could no longer be read. He felt on the brink of disintegration. \"Farrier.\" The sound of his name roused him from his drink. He turned his head slowly. Collins stood at the end of the bar. His left arm was in a cast and his uniform jacket hung awkwardly around his shoulder. Despite this, he stood tall, his eyes unwavering from Farrier's own. Shattering glass rang through the pub. Liquid seeped through his pants and ran down his leg. \"Collins.\" His voice was quiet and gruff and foreign. He coughed and cleared his throat. Collins walked towards him and then crouched to the floor, picking up broken pieces of glass. Farrier reached for his cane but his hand only grasped air. It too, had been knocked to the ground. \"Looking for this?\" Collins placed the cane into his searching hand and Farrier pushed himself up. The barkeep placed a stack of napkins on the bar and he picked them up before looking down at the wooden floor boards. They were very far away. His knee locked. \"Well go on then,\" Collin said. He stood upright beside him now, his good arms cocked on his hip, eye brow raised. Farrier watched as a bemused smile cracked onto his face. The smile looked good on him. His skin was still pale and there were heavy circles under his eyes but that smile beamed with life. Collins tilted his head and Farrier realized he had been silent for too long. \"Fuck off.\" He tossed the napkins at Collins and began the process of re-taking his seat. His cane slipped on the wet floorboards and he stumbled. Collins caught him, a steadying hand on his arm. \"Woah. Haven't quite landed there, Lieutenant?\" Farrier jerked off the helping hand. \"I landed just fine.\" He clambered onto the stool again. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Collins' arm stretched out waiting to catch him again. \"Sit.\" Farrier said. He didn't like being fussed over. He didn't like being fussed over by Collins. It did nothing to clear the fog between what had been real and he had created out of desperation. \"You've just survived a crash. Come on, sit.\" Collins followed Farrier's orders and took the seat next to him. He rested his elbow on the bar and his hand over his mouth. The smile was gone. He slowly shook his head. \"I still can't believe it. That you pulled me from the plane.\" \"What're having?\" \"Tap is fine.\" Farrier ordered two pints. \"It's good to see you back, son,\" the barkeep said to Collins as he placed the drinks in front them. Collins gave him a nod and brought the beer to his mouth. Farrier did the same. He finished his glass and another as they talked about that day over Dunkirk and how a passing boat had picked Collins up and how Farrier had been captured after setting his plane down. They talked about all the days after that. And they talked about now, about how no one was prepared for the devastation caused by the atomic bomb and how the Soviet Union was in pursuit of one of their own. \"We're trying the break the sound barrier now. Everyone is. Faster the plane, the better chance we have of meeting the incoming bomber over the ocean, before it hits land. They've been retro-fitting the Spitfires to see what works and what doesn't.\" Collins looked down at his drink. \"The new planes arrived that morning. It was our last run. I just wanted to prove it could be done.\" \"You think it can?\" Collins turned to him. \"What do you reckon?\" Farrier shook his head. \"I've been out of it too long.\" \"You always had the best instincts.\" Farrier hid a smile behind his glass as he took a sip. \"I suppose it's possible. Just a bit of turbulence.\" \"Bit of turbulence?\" Collins exclaimed. He set his glass down hard and beer sloshed over the rim. A chuckle bubbled within Farrier and he bit the rim of his glass to contain it. \"The prop rattles like it's seconds from flying off. The engine is smoking out. You're just waiting for flames to engulf it. And the controls have a mind of their own. You pull left, and they go right. Meanwhile you're careening towards the ground like some kamikaze knowing that if you pull up, the nose is going to dive further.\" \"You need the speed then? From the dive.\" \"It's the only way with the prop engines. Everyone knew it but recovery becomes near impossible so they're reluctant.\" \"But not you?\" \"I've done it.\" He was looking down at his finger as he drew it through the small puddle of beer on the bar, a wide grin on his lips. Slowly, he turned to Farrier. \"Well I think I have. It was during the Blitz. We were up, shooting down the bombers. One of them unloaded near Westminster. It looked like the river was on fire and the gothic halls were melting into it. I could see the time on Big Ben in the light of the flame. Twelve minutes past midnight. Past the tower were clouds. They blew in out of nowhere and then everything was just black. I took a small hit early on that knocked out my horizon. It took all my focus to keep my orientation. Left, right, up, down, it was all just black. I was paranoid I was going to crash into the clock tower and that its hands would be stopped forever at the time of my death. Not the worst legacy for a Scot. Stopping time on the city that invented it. But I climbed higher. It was ridiculous. I was already miles above it but your mind does weird things. And then sparks rained out of the black. The rear gunners of a Heinkel.\" \"Idiots.\" \"Idiots,\" Collins agreed. \"I would have never known it was there. I banked to come back around on it. I connected and it exploded with a furry meant for the city below. I rolled to avoid the blast and started taking fire from somewhere else. I lost my orientation in it all and ended up in a sharp dive. Everything shook. I could barely keep hold of the controls. The vibrations felt like they would shatter bone. There was a boom and at first I thought I had crashed. But I kept going and then it felt like the air gave way and I was able to pull out. Gave the trees of some park a nice trim.\" \"You get a look at the ASI?\" \"No.\" Collins sighed. \"Just as well. Those old things can't keep up at those speeds. They jump all over the place.\" \"They just need some tinkering.\" \"Don't know 'bout that. They're getting whole new planes. Whole new engines.\" There was a pause. They finished off their beer and ordered another round. \"You in it for the long haul then?\" \"Maybe. I don't know. Haven't really thought about it. Probably why I'm still here, 'cause I didn't want to think about it. Staying was easy. Pick an airfield, collect your train ticket, report to command.\" \"I would've done the same. If they hadn't messed up my leg.\" \"Bastards,\" Collins cursed into his glass, a smile pulling on his lips. Farrier smiled along with him. \"They let you pick your station?\" \"Not outright but we could state a preference.\" Farrier nodded. When Collins didn't elaborate, he raised an eyebrow. It was late now. The pub had emptied apart from them. Silences felt heavy but each word now carried through the otherwise quite pub, echoing off the walls, dampened only by the tinkering of glasses by the barkeep. It felt just as odd to speak as it did to stay quiet. \"What?\" \"Highlands weren't calling?\" \"Nah, once they got rid of me, they realized what a tosser I was.\" \"And that was that.\" \"That was that. Choirs were given leave.\" \"Why Norfolk?\" \"No real reason,\" he shrugged. \"Don't know much of England really. May have heard you mention it a few times.\" Collins bobbed his head back and forth. His cheeks pinkened under the warm spot light that hung low over the bar. Farrier smiled. It was a little thing. But it had to be little. \"It's a nice place.\" \"It's a nice place,\" Collins echoed. \"Should you be getting back to base?\" \"Don't know.\" There was a certain inflection to this that Farrier would describe as a challenge. Or a tease. Do you think I should be getting back? \"They don't need you 'till morning.\" Collins turned to looked at him. \"They don't need me 'till morning.\" Farrier swallowed what was left of his drink and set the glass down. \"Take your time. Standing is a process these days.\" \"Aye,\" Collins agreed but quickly shot back his own drink. \"Should I order another? Give you some time to get up those stairs?\" Collins' hand reappeared behind him as they climbed the steep and narrow staircase behind the front desk. The hotel was quiet apart from the weathered creek of their footsteps. The evening rush of guests returning from dusk strolls along the boardwalk had long tucked themselves into bed. Faint music cut with radio static came from a room on the second floor. Something soft. It was a waltz. Something his grandparents would have danced to, the static of the gramophone dampened by the living room carpet under their feet. Farrier unlocked the door to his room and shuffled in. Collins caught it behind him as he followed and closed it gently so as not to stir the hotel and its guests. \"Still have the tidiest bunk,\" Collins said, leaning back against the door, his hand in the front pocket of his trousers. It wouldn't pass inspection but that was easy to hide in the dark. A cool breeze drifted through the open window. \"Cigarette?\" Collins smiled and kicked himself off the door. He sat on the desk beneath the window, on leg curled in front of him, the other dangling out into night. Farrier sat beside him, his back to the water. Farrier put a cigarette in his mouth, lit it, and passed it to Collins. Collins inhaled and leaned his head back against the window frame, his eyes drifting over the sea. \"I flew out over that ocean a hundred times. Wheels up at dusk. Away from the setting sun. Black flooded the sky like a poison. It grew more lethal with each passing year. We would have been somewhere over Holland by now but you'd never know it. It was just more black. On a bombing run to Italy one night, a civilian below had a torch or something and was shining it up at the sky as we passed. They were flicking it on and off. Dot, dot, dot, dash.\" He passed the cigarette back to Farrier. \"V. For victory.\" \"And in a few hours time we rained bombs on hundreds of other civilians.\" \"The bombers rained bombs.\" \"Technicality.\" Farrier knew that was true. There was a comradery in the skies. Spitfires, Hurricans, Halifaxes, they flew as one united front, a storm cloud. Each was an individual droplet of water but together, they could summon the furry of the ancient Gods. They were quiet then, their conversation continuing in the passing of the cigarette. Farrier shivered as a strong gust of wind blew over his shoulder. \"Bugger,\" Collins said. The cigarette hung loosely from his teeth, the glowing tip snuffed. Farrier smiled and pulled the lighter from his pocket. Collins leaned forwards and Farrier sideways until the flame hovered in front of the charred and ashy tip. The flame flickered in the breeze, illuminating the blue of Collins' eyes before they fell back into shadow as if each day since Dunkirk was waxing and waning before him. Farrier brought his hand up to shield the flame and his finger tip brushed the smooth skin of Collins' jaw. He shivered again, though this time he felt warmth not chill. With steady eyes, those that had locked onto a target, Farrier waited and watched. The cigarette dropped lower on Collins' lips as if it had been forgotten. Farrier snapped the lighter closed and with his index and middle finger, pulled the cigarette away. He leaned closer. Collins twitched and turned away. \"I should go.\" Collins stood, crossed the room, and opened the door. Farrier couldn't stop him. He couldn't speak. The door closed softly. It was too quiet. It was too quiet and too still. He couldn't breathe. His chest was tight, everything inside twisted and threatening to burst. He hadn't seen the wall. It had been obscured by grey smog, each passed cigarette, each smile, each lingering glance another dew droplet weighed down by the ashy smoke and mirror game he had manufactured in the POW camp. He had been lured forward, caught in the enchantment of the softened light and dampened sound. The world had shrunk to a few feet in each direction, a little pocket carved perfectly for him. There was no war. There were no nurses or girls on the beach. There was no laid-out path. He could go where he wanted. But he had lost his way, crossed into enemy territory, face to face with a row rifles. His ears rang and his body convulsed as the flames he had ignited closed around him. He would burn. He needed out. Farrier grabbed his coat and left the room. He pulled the door closed roughly so that the knob rattled in his hand. He looked up the road, towards the airfield, then turned and walked the other way. He took the stairs down to sand to get closer to the waves. They crashed around him, the salty mist on his face, the roar in his ears. It was like drowning.[Chapter 5] The caw of gulls woke him the next morning. They were louder than usual. He opened his eyes slowly, disoriented by the wall of grey. He wasn't in his room. He wasn't in his bed. He sat up. His neck was stiff. The tendons warmed and strained as he looked around. The lighthouse loomed above him, its red and white stripes disappearing into low lying fog. The ocean spilled onto the sand just feet from his shoes. A gull landed on the rocks behind him and hopped closer. Farrier stood before it could reach him. He walked back towards town. The faint outline of person appeared in the fog a head of him. The person was still, looking out at the water. It wasn't much of a view. A device stood in the sand in-front of them. They were tinkering with it. \"'Mornin'\" Collins said. Farrier looked back to the figure, close enough now that he could make out the blond hair and the uniform. He should have given him a wider birth and slipped passed unnoticed. \"You're out early.\" \"Swim.\" Collins looked him over but nodded. \"That's good for your leg. Build back the strength.\" \"Pilots 'round here need pulling out every now and again.\" Collins dropped his head but Farrier could see the smile. \"Coffee?\" He offered the mug he had been holding against his chest. \"I got a thermos in my pack.\" Farrier hesitated. He didn't know his place. But Collins wasn't running so he stepped closer and reached for the mug. Their hands brushed over the exchange. Collins' was warm. He watched him closely, waiting for the twitch. But there was no recoil. \"Still that acorn shit,\" he said after taking a sip. He settled next to him, shoulder to shoulder and looked towards the water. The fog was so thick he wasn't sure if he could actually see it. \"Only the best.\" \"Can't remember what real coffee tastes like.\" \"We'll get so used to this we won't like the real stuff when we get it back.\" \"We'll get so used to being soldiers we won't know what to do without a war.\" \"Good thing there's another one on the horizon. They're saying Greece is about to collapse. They're getting planes ready to send.\" \"Not saying much. Greece is always about collapse.\" \"Fucking true, ain't it.\" Collins laughed. \"We just got done pulling their royal family out and now we're back at it pulling out another set.\" Farrier brought the mug to his mouth to hide his smile. He liked making Collins laugh. \"That first round all went a became Nazis.\" \"Shit.\" Collins turned towards him and grabbed his arm. \"I forgot about that. Fuck.\" \"Just call it a day mate.\" Farrier shrugged, moving his arm against Collins' grip, settling into it. \"You've made your mark. Western Civilization. The Olympics. Aristotle.\" \"But now it's just Nazis.\" \"Now it's just Nazis.\" Collins dropped his hand and thread it through his hair. \"It's not a good look if the founder of Western Civilization is no longer in the West.\" \"Neither is atomic war.\" He waved the mug at the apparatus standing in front of them. \"What're you doing?\" \"Ah, RADAR,\" Collins said turning back to the instrument. \"ASI is still unreliable so we're using RADAR to record the speed. Everything has to be verified. Pencil pusher crap until my wrist heals.\" \"They're flying in this?\" \"Na. Fog'll burn off in an hour or so. I come down early so the girls don't spot me. Even asked if I could wear civilian clothing.\" Farrier laughed. \"Dedicated bunch.\" \"What about you? When your leg heals. The guys said you asked about re-upping.\" \"Na. Wasn't thinking straight.\" Farrier stepped away, towards the pack Collins had set on a rock. He pulled out the coffee thermos and refilled the mug he had emptied. \"I don't know if this will ever heal.\" \"If you actually go for that swim, it might.\" Farrier took a small sip and then handed the full mug back to Collins. Steam rose off the black surface obscuring his face and mixed with fog hanging in air around them. \"We could use you,\" Collins said. Farrier shook his head. \"I haven't flown since Dunkirk.\" The fog held his words. They sat on the cool, dewy air in front of him and slowly seeped around him. He couldn't run but he didn't want to. He waited for the panic but it did not come. The air was fresh and opened his lungs. The world had narrowed to the small pocket of beach where he stood next to Collins. \"I know nothing about the Battle of London or the Bombing of Dresden. I don't know Soviet tactics. I spent the war in a camp. It doesn't feel like my air force anymore.\" His shoulders dropped as he said it. It was defeat but it was also release. Farrier had joined the air force in 1921. He was 20 and the RAF was still in its infancy. His superiors were transfers from the Flying Corps and the Naval Air Service after the restructuring following the Great War. He was one of the first true RAF pilots whose allegiance was to the sky and not the infantry or ships below. He had flown Buzzards, and Snipes, and Nighthawks. He had grown up with the fleet and was one of the first pilots to take up the new Spitfires in 1938. When the war brought a wave of new recruits, Farrier had trained them. They were young men, searching for their place in the world. They would not find it amongst hostile skies but Farrier vowed to show them something else, the grace and ingenuity of the planes, the comradery of a squadron, the endlessness of an open sky. But he had been captured and in those four years, the RAF had been tested more and grown more than it ever had in the previous two decades. Pilots, tactics, planes, history, it was all different now. He didn't recognize it. He wasn't apart of it. It was no longer his. \"It was just chaos, mate. Nothing to know. Just bombs and guns and smoke everywhere. The Soviets are daft. It won't take a day to get caught up there. At least when it comes to the air. The Americans are running the show now anyways. We all feel a little usurped.\" \"Who gave them the right.\" There was a pause before Collins answered. \"King George, I reckon.\" Farrier turned, surprised by the answer. Collins was holding the mug in front of his face but a quirk of a smile peaked out from behind it. \"Well really it was the atomic bombs but on D-Day, rumor is Georgie wanted to cross with the troops. Parliament wouldn't let him. Churchill wanted to hog all the glory. Could you imagine it though? That would have sealed Britain's fate. The picture of him planting a flag or whatever would have gone down in history.\" Farrier chuckled. \"Thought you were a republican.\" \"Bigger enemy.\" \"The Americans?\" Collins nodded and looked at him. \"I'll take an Englishman any day.\" Farrier raised an eyebrow. Was this another offer? Collins didn't waver. \"Bit out of touch, don't you think?\" That wasn't enough. Not after last night. \"Kings leading the charge. In the last war everyone thought the Tzar had lost it. And you said it, it would have been a photo shoot. Overshadowed the soldiers. And the resources diverted to keep him safe…\" \"Would have been worth it.\" \"You sure?\" \"Aye, Farrier.\" He tipped the rest of the coffee into his mouth and stepped back to his pack. He sat down on the rock beside it. \"We're lost up there.\" \"What are you looking for?\" \"I don't know anymore.\" \"A way of the fog?\" \"I don't think is there is a way out. Not anymore.\" Farrier turned around. Collins' shoulders were slumped and his good hand clung to the empty coffee mug. The flap of his pack was left flung open beside him, various contents spilling out onto the sand, pencil, notebook, flare gun, empty cigarette box. His body rocked back and forth. Maybe that was Farrier's imagination, a frame from a different reel cut out and stitched into this one in time with the steady roll of the waves. Farrier tucked his cane under his arm and pulled out his lighter and a cigarette. He placed it between his teeth and lit it. \"There never was. We just kept lighting the world on fire and burning it off.\" He stepped towards Collins and placed the cigarette on his lips. \"Through the night, it always resettled. Might be best to navigate it for a bit.\" Collins inhaled deeply. He set the mug down and took the cigarette from his mouth to exhale. A roar sounded from up the beach and grew louder and louder. Farrier turned back to the water and the sound of the plane. \"I should go. Gotta get back before my leg gives out.\" A hand knocked the back of his knee. Collins held the cigarette up for him. \"Come back tomorrow. We'll go for that swim.\" Farrier returned the next day as instructed. It was foggy again but Collins was easy to spot. His arm was wrapped in stiff neon orange fabric. \"Bit garish.\" \"Old life-vest,\" Collins shrugged. \"Keeps the cast dry. Works alright in the shower.\" Farrier blinked away the image of Collins in the shower. Injured Collins, who may need assistance. \"That water's freezing.\" \"You managed it alright the other day.\" \"You were drowning.\" \"Well we'll see how this arm hold up.\" Farrier furrowed his brow. \"Don't be doing stupid shit.\" \"Ah, Farrier. Too late for that. I raided the uniform cupboard.\" He reached for his pack and pulled out a pair of sweatpants and a jumper. They looked warm. And soft. And clean. \"Something for after.\" \"Alright,\" Farrier smiled. He looked out at the water. It was like glass, still and smooth. It was waiting for them, patiently. It could be deceiving them, louring them from the sand. \"Plot us a course.\" \"To the pier and back.\" Farrier sat down on the rock behind him and slipped off his shoes. He followed his foot prints in the wet sand, uneven, escorted by a perfectly round circle, until they disappeared into the fog. The pier was nowhere in sight. It was far. Farrier wondered if he would have thought so five years ago. He pulled off his trousers and then his shirt, setting them on the rock beside him. Collins navy battledress fell on top. His body was lean. There was more muscle than Farrier remembered. His white cotton shorts hung low, framing his hip bones. They jutted out from his thighs as if his torso was a plate of armour. The smooth groove created beneath was the perfect place to rest his thumbs as he curled his fingers around his waist. Collins reached out his hand. Farrier took it and allowed himself to be pulled up, leaving his cane resting against the rock. They walked into the water. The chill stung, cutting his skin as if its surface really was glass. It was paralyzing. Collins waded further though so Farrier followed. With each step, the salt water lifted more of his body, forming a brace around his leg. His limp straightened. When the water crept around their shoulders, Collins dove under in the direction of the pier. Farrier took a deep breath and did the same. The pins and pricks faded until his limbs were numb. He wasn't in pain though. Adrenalin had kicked in. It wasn't carrying him to a drowning pilot. It was carrying him to the man in front of him. He kept pace with Collins to the pier. Collins swam to the far post but he turned at the first, holding it for a moment to catch his breath. He was slower heading back. Collin pulled out of view at one point. He didn't know if he managed to catch up or if Collins had noticed and waited. His lungs ached and his arms grew heavy and limp. He closed his eyes and imagined fire rising behind him as the enemy closed in on his burning plane. Bullets whizzed past his head. Home was just across the Channel. He could swim it. He could swim it. \"Woah, watch the wrist,\" Collins winced. He stood facing Farrier in waist deep water beneath the lighthouse. Delirious, Farrier had swum into him. \"Sorry, sorry.\" Farrier stood and reached for the arm Collins had tucked to his chest. \"You're bleeding.\" Collins grabbed his hand and inspected his palm. A long red sliver ran through the middle. Blood seeped from it and pooled in the cup of his hand. Collins guided it down and dipped it back into the water to wash away the excess blood. He inspected it again. \"Doesn't look too deep.\" \"Must've been the barnacles on the pier.\" Collins swiped his thumb across the cut. Farrier tensed, expecting a sting. But his touch was soft. He cleared the blood from the wound again and lifted the hand to his lips. The kiss was light but lingered against his raw skin. Farrier looked up. Collins' eyes blinked open. A water droplet clung to the tip of his long lashes. His blue eyes were clear and vibrant against the grey surround as if they had stolen all the colour, as if they held at the world in their depths. But it wasn't time to fight for that light. It was time to live in the grey. Farrier eased his hand out of Collins' hold. \"All better.\" \"I have bandages in my pack,\" Collins said. He turned and waded back to shore. Farrier followed. The thin cotton of Collins' white shorts had gone transparent and clung to his ass. It was round and firm and concave on the sides where the muscle built up. Farrier's stomach dropped and his throat tightened. He felt guilty and dropped his eyes to the water. Collins tossed him the sweat pants and jumper and pulled on his own uniform. Farrier let him wrap a bandage around his hand before walking back into town. \"See you tomorrow.\" It was the least he could do. They swam every morning until the waters grew warm under the summer sun. When Collins' wrist healed and he was moved off RADAR duty and put back in a plane, they swam earlier so he could make it back to base. When the water turned cold again they started running instead. They ran the length of the boardwalk, starting from the hotel, past the pier, half way to the lighthouse and back again. Then they ran further, down the road, all the way to the base. Farrier's cane lived on the coat hook on the back of his door. He didn't take it to London for his meeting at the RAF offices. He couldn't remember the last time he'd used it. He passed his recertification and by March he had moved into the barracks. ' The gravity of the situation which confronts the world today necessitates my appearance before a joint session of the Congress. The foreign policy and the national security of this country are involved. One aspect of the present situation, which I wish to present to you at this time for your consideration and decision, concerns Greece and Turkey. The United States has received from the Greek Government an urgent appeal for financial and economic assistance…' The BBC was playing President Truman's address to Congress. Farrier's attention cut in and out from the radio like static. He lay on his back, staring up at the rotating blades of the ceiling fan. They spun slow. Too slow. If you could follow the motion of an individual blade, you would fall out of the sky. '… The British Government, which has been helping Greece, can give no further financial or economic aid after March 31. Great Britain finds itself under the necessity of reducing or liquidating its commitments in several parts of the world, including Greece... … Since the war Turkey has sought financial assistance from Great Britain and the United States for the purpose of effecting that modernization necessary for the maintenance of its national integrity… … The British government has informed us that, owing to its own difficulties can no longer extend financial or economic aid to Turkey…' Now, there were no blades. '… As in the case of Greece, if Turkey is to have the assistance it needs, the United States must supply it... … I believe that it must be the policy of the United States to support free peoples who are resisting attempted subjugation by armed minorities or by outside pressures...' \"Ready for your lesson?\" Farrier hummed a non-response. Collins walked down the neat row of cots, an un-lit cigarette dangled from his mouth. He reached Farrier's cot and switched off the radio that sat on his bedside table. \"Oi.\" \"We got more important things.\" Farrier's flight jacket hung on the bed post and Collin's dug his hand into the front pocket and pulled out his lighter. \"That was important,\" Farrier said. Collins rolled his eyes and lit the cigarette. \"America just handed out a blank check to the world al la Kaiser Bill.\" \"Aye.\" He returned the lighter and tossed the jacket onto Farrier's lap. \"So we should get our flying ace back in the air.\" Before Farrier could protest, Collins popped the cigarette into his mouth. \"Hanger. Three minutes.\" Collins patted his leg before walking back out of the barracks. Farrier watched him leave. His boot steps were heavy, his shoulders back, stride long. He ran his fingers through his hair and then slipped his hand into the pocket on his trousers. He looked confident, more confident than Farrier had ever seen him. He inhaled sharply. The nicotine was warm and coated the back of his throat. He stood, put on his jacket, and walked out to the hanger. They walked around L-London, their plane for the morning, an engineer guiding them through the final checks before Farrier climbed into the front cockpit. Collins climbed into the rear and they taxied to the runway. \"Set the trim to neutral,\" Collins said over the radio in his ear. \"Trim to neutral.\" \"Open the high and low fuel cocks. The low cock is tricky. Ye' have to reach 'round the center control. Doesn't like to be moved.\" Farrier twisted his arm and gave it a good tug. \"Fuel cocks open.\" \"Activate booster pump.\" \"Booster pump activated.\" \"Set the flaps.\" \"Flaps set.\" \"Retract the air brakes.\" \"Air brakes retracted.\" \"We're good.\" \"Control, this is L-London requesting takeoff.\" \"Clear.\" The red light on the control tower switched to green. \"Watch the jets,\" Collins said. The ocean pooled at the end of the runway. It beckoned him forth as if had when Collins' had gone down and when they had stood on the beach in their shorts contemplating a swim. But it was a lie. The ocean wasn't calling. It was the sky that called, its message reflected upon the waves. Farrier opened the throttle and they zoomed down the runway far quicker than he anticipated. It was like being shot out of a canon, zero to one hundred before he could take a breath. His body was slammed against the seat so hard he expected to be blown back into the second cockpit and into Collins' lap. \"Don't say I didn't warn ye',\" Collins laughed as Farrier eased the control column up and a cushion of air caught the underside of the wings, lifting them off the ground. \"Christ.\" He lifted the left aileron and the plane banked right, making for the beach. Collins talked him through the controls as they passed over the pier and the lighthouse. They were different to his Spitfire and the plane was more responsive. It had been six years but flying was flying and flying was home. \"Alright, give it go,\" Collins said. Your waiting for flames to engulf it. The controls have a mind of their own. Farrier opened the throttle. He felt the acceleration, the pressure on his chest. He glanced at the ASI. It climbed. 700m/hr. 800. 850. It started to jump and wouldn't settle. Everything shook. The vibrations ran up his leg and it throbbed. The horizon bounced and twisted and blurred out of focus and he lost it. The plane was moving too fast and world too slow and Farrier was caught in the middle, being ripped apart at the seams. The plane banked left. He fought the center column and pulled it right. The plane banked further to the left. They were losing height. He was losing control. Farrier pulled back on the throttle and jammed his foot on the right rudder. The plane jolted back to center. They were feet above the water and Farrier took a shaky breath as he climbed to a more familiar altitude. That recovery wouldn't have been possible in his Spitfire. \"Madness.\" \"It's just a bit o' turbulence,\" Collins laughed. Farrier could hear the waver in his voice. \"Have another go.\" \"You have a death wish.\" \"Oh I have a wish, Farrier.\" Instead of circling back to the airfield, Farrier banked left over the ocean and then climbed through the clouds. He squinted, the sun's rays were blinding after being conceal for so long. He banked the plane north and as they turned away from the sun, the blue sky panned across his wingspan, crisp and vivid, not a hint of grey. They fixed the glass and the plane's design was tighter, greatly improving the pilot's sight lines. And still, as they flew, Farrier's eyes were drawn to the odometer. Thirty-five miles from base and they would lose radio communication with the controller. They would be alone. It was their own sound barrier. \"Where're we goin'?\" Farrier took a breath. \"I used to watch the odometer after takeoff. I would watch until we passed out of radio range. And then neither of us said anything.\" He waited then, watching the odometer and keeping the heading north-east. It would be only minutes but in an open sky, minutes stretched out to infinity. The odometer clicked over. \"There was a moment when I went down in the Channel, I was trapped and the cockpit had flooded.\" Collins spoke quietly and slowly, as if he was thinking over each word. \"I had taken my last breath. I closed my eyes and hoped it would be over quickly. I imagined you pulling me out. That you had jumped and had somehow got the hatch open. You were always able to get me out of a jam. Ended up being some kid on a boat. He smashed the glass with a fishing net hook and was holding it out for me. Took me a moment to realise it wasn't you. You saw me through each run, Farrier.\" Farrier swallowed. He recognized those visions of deliverance. \"Collins.\" \"Go again.\" \"Jack.\" Farrier said. He wished the takeoff had blown him back. He wished he could look Collins in the eye. He felt resistance in the controls. Collins was holding them. \"Y-your-\" Farrier stopped himself. Collins didn't want the plane. He opened the throttle. \"Tom.\" The plane accelerated and shook. The vibrations ran through his body, up his spine and down his arm. This time though, he had a ground. The control column remained steady under the grip of two. The vibrations radiated instead through the shackles and the chains and he heard them clatter to the floor. It was as if the headwind suddenly died, the drag cut in half as the vestige of Collins he had carried with him through the war burned up in the rays of the sun behind him. They flew faster and faster and then there was a pop and everything was still and calm. They had pushed through the wall and it fell before them creating a smooth pocket of air that carried them forwards. It felt like floating. \"Holy shit.\" \"Holy shit,\" Farrier echoed. When they landed and taxied back to the hanger, Farrier's hand had cramped around the control column. He pried his fingers away and climbed out of the cockpit. \"How'd she fly?\" the engineer asked. \"Good. Real good,\" Collins answered. \"What did you get up to?\" Collins' eyes drifted to his and did not leave as he continued the debrief. \"The usual. Turbulence. Dive recovery.\" Farrier massaged his hand and watched as Collins grew more and more impatient, rocking back and forth on his feet, his hands balled in his trouser pockets. He lit a cigarette and walked towards Collins. The engineer had disappeared around the back of the plane, his questions echoing through the tin structure. Farrier placed the cigarette between Collins' lips, and snaked a hand around his waist. \"Come find me.\" He walked out to the low stone wall that surrounded the air field and looked out over the ocean. The breeze did its best to wash away the previous six years. It would never succeed. Farrier was okay with that. Foot steps grew softly in the grass behind him. He turned around and Collins walked towards him without hesitation. He removed the cigarette from Collins' mouth, pulled his hips close, and kissed him, hard at first but then soft as Collins' body melted into his. The days after came quickly. They were moved to Germany. From Bad Oeynhausen, the capital of the British zone, they listened to the BBC coverage of Princess Elizabeth's wedding to Philip. \"Guess not all the Greeks became Nazis,\" Collins said. \"A Mountbatten's not much better.\" They sat on Farrier's cot. Farrier rested against the head board, Collins against the footboard so as not to arise too much suspicion. Collins' foot often ended up in his lap and Farrier often massaged it idly while they listened to the radio that sat on the bedside table. Snow fell outside the barracks in late December as they listened through the static of King Michael's forced to abdication and flee to Switzerland. \"I remember the day he flipped,\" Collins said, nursing a cigarette. \"He sent the Americans working their way through Italy coordinates to all the SS command centers in Bucharest. Eleven hundred hours, he requested. The planes flew over on the dot and bombed out every building. The shouts from the American barracks, you would have thought the war was over.\" \"Kick out one dictator, get swallowed by another.\" \"When does it end.\" Farrier looked across at Collins. He was around the same age as the deposed King. Far too young to have faced such horrors. Far too young to fade into the hopeless grey. Apart from the Gatow Air Disaster, it was quiet until summer. The door to the barracks burst open the morning of June 25th. \"Farrier. Collins. Command, five minutes.\" They dressed quickly, Collins in his navy battledress, Farrier in his flight jacket. \"It's happened. They've put in the blockade,\" the flight commander said. \"They aren't just delaying shipments anymore. Four days ago they turned around an American supply train. They've loaded the cargo onto planes in Frankfurt. We're flying everything in. The Americans are short on personnel so you're flying support. Support only. Do not shoot unless shot at. You'll meet the cargo plane in Frankfurt and escort it into Tempelhof and back again.\" They walked from command to the hanger. The maintenance crew was already doing final checks on the two Vampires. Farrier followed Collins around the back of one of the planes. \"If they shoot, that's open war,\" Collins said. \"They wouldn't chance it.\" Farrier nodded. He looked around for prying eyes before steeling a kiss. \"Wouldn't chance it.\" He wasn't so sure but he knew Collins wasn't either. The Soviets flew their fighters like buzzards around the West Berlin airfields. They were there to intimidate and to distract the incoming planes trying to maneuver the tight corridors between the apartment blocks and down onto the runways that were too narrow and too short. But now that their commanders were intent on starving out the city… The red light on the control tower turned green and Farrier followed Collins down the runway and into the air. They flew South and then East, towards Frankfurt and then Berlin, beyond the Iron Curtain, into the unknown. But in to it together. ","Summary":" \"And how are you feeling this morning?\" Suddenly light headed and disoriented. And the ringing wa"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Coming back home, a new begining","Author":"horsegirl3712","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10546572","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I've been in a mental esylum for as long as i can remember. My mom is at home baking her classic oatmeal cookies. But then as i come to think of the smell that fills the whole house the horrible memory comes ack to haunt me. She died when i was 12. I never handled the pain that this tragic experience unleashed and I guess some or alot of furniture were smahed to the floor. It all happened in a slow motioned way, when i woke up i found myself strapped to an unrecognizable dwelling that i was forced to call home. They told told me in an abrupt manner '' Listen amy i know what you're going through but right now we're going to bring you to your very own room, make your self comfortable.'' I still remember the exact words these strangers had greeted me to. I'v been here for five years and since i'v been doing well they let me free from the horror to my home where i can start living again, im tired of just being alive. My dad embraced me with a warm, unbelievably tight hug, if I told you that i lost complete air circulation for about 3 seconds would you believe me? I hopped in to the car and we drove a long way. The evergreen trees had undoubtfully sprung for a while now. I miss the smell of pine needles in the atmospehere with my window down and air thrashing through my silky charcoal black hair. My dad started saying something about a surprise but I dazed off at the second sentence thinking about my sister and how independent she must have become without me. ''Aren't you just so thriller, a new beggining?'' ''Sorry dad, what was it you were explaing me'' He had a bright smile on and a forgiving look. ''My girlfriend, I want to marry her soon.'' I was breathless, speachless, frusterated, mad, confuesed. Didn't he love mom enough to not fall for anyone else? Has he even hought about me? If I was ok with it? He waited for a response, but I had none to give. I didn't understand why he would do such a thing when he knows that i need him most and the more his love is divided the less I get. ''Sweetie, what is it?'' He had an expression i had rarely ever een printed on his face. His bony long face. '' I can't wait to meet her'' was the only thing i managed to say. 0o0o After 45 minutes we finally arrive at home. A beauiful young women peers out the window and rushes out the door with the most extraordinary grin i have ever seen. She seemed to be in her very early thirties. She had a grass green eyes and dimples. Her blond hair was neatly tucked in a perfect bun as if she were to perform on stage as a ballerina. Her legs were such a perfect shape that she could probably fit in my clothes. I hope she didn't touch any of my garmets! Before i could even say more than hi she pulled me into a embracing hug. '' You must be Emily! I've heard so much about you, you're so beautiful in that dress!'' '' Thanks'' and i walked away out of mear frusteration. '' Hey, don't mind her, she'll get used to the adjustments, try to get to know her'' my dad said in a low voice to her as i reached for the knob. The house smelled different like someone had just cooked a feast. Chicken, gravy,salad, mashed patatoes and a whole bunch of auromas i couldn't make out. I hurried off to my room to find it painted pink with purplke butterflies and a whole new polished wooden desk. A figure stood behind me. ''Do you like it? Your dad asked me to redecorate your room for you to surprise you when you got here! He said I'm a women so I'd have a better sense of style and you'd like it better If it was me... So what do you think?'' She looks at my with this undesribable smile and waited for me to answer, I gave her my look. '' You shouldn't have changed my room, I loved the way it was before.'' '' Be grateful I even did it sweetie'' She had this tone like if she owned me. I ignored her sassy way and walked over to my dresser to find all my clothes well organised folded in half. I never folded them like that. It was strange. ''Did you touch my clothes?'' '' Yes, why does it bother you?,'' she walks over to me and whispers in my ear '' My daughter will have a tidy room and you will spend some bonding time with me, I heard you and your other mother didn't really do much at all'' '' How dare you talk about me mother, she was a wonderful women, better than you'll ever be!'' i was practicaly screaming but thought better of it. '' Dinner is ready girls'' My dad called from the banister. She walked in front of me and glanced back once at me. I didn't like her attitude. All the fancy silverware had been laid out and embroided napkins had been placed under the utensils. All the food was carefully put on the table and we served ourselves. My dad started the conversation that broke the heavy silence. '' So do you like you room Emily?'' He was chewing on the tender white chicken. ''Ya, dad it's.. Creative.'' He looked pleased. 0o0o There was a pool in the backyard. I used to hang out with my sister there on those hot summer days where inside was completly unbearable. She was off to work now for long hours so I didn't get to see her yet. I was in my room looked out through my window, a wave of memories hit me. Now all I think of is my mother and how proud she would be to know that I'm all better now. My fingers brushed the white pane and i was in my night gown, ready to head off to bed. The night lamp was the only thing brightning the room. My dad walked in. Heavy bags under his eyes. He worked on trhe computer for hours until he felt it was enough and did sonething else so he could go right back to the screen. ''Honey, Nathalie is trying very hard to exept you as her daughter so try aswell to exept her as your mother.'' ''Dad, I'll try but she's not my mother and she never will be, I don't care if you marry her it won't change any her I'm not interested in her bonding shit.'' '' Emily, she's different then you mother and you should embrace her qualities.'' I'm seriously up to the max with this bullshit. '' The only reason why you're in love with her is because of her body and how she makes you feel, not eotionally but you know, physically.'' ''Emily enough with that!'' Suddenly Nathalie walks in with a arm slund aross his shoulder. ''Is everythng ok here?'' I'm stunned at how innocent she if she didn't do shit to this family. ''Ya, sorry honey, I think everyone is tired.'' She nodded and they went across the bathroom to the room. The 2 bedrooms are ajoined by the bathroom. They keep my door and the bathroom door open. They need to see me. Doctors instructions... I hear grunting, and moaning whispers saying harder. They're disgusting. 0o0o The next morning I feel a tap on my shoulder. Weight is on my bed, someone sat down. ''Emily'' a soft voice is said. I open my eyes to see her in her bathrobe. '' You don't look to well, your father said to check on you just in case it's woman buisness.'' '' My back hurts, ok? Leave me alone.'' '' oh poor you, lie on your stomach.'' ''No.'' '' Excuse me, should i go tell your father you're being rude?'' I didn't feel like arguing and getting in trouble over something simple. I turned on my stomach out of force. She told me she'd be right back... ''I got my favourite cream, its made espiecally for messages.'' I groaned. She opens the cream and spreads them on her hand, she lifts my shirt and starts rubbing. It feels nice, i hate to admit it, but then it starts to hurt i tell her to stop but she says ,i know you like it when i hurt you, i don't know how she knows. She told me about her spa training and how she's trying to become a professional. She complemented me on my smooth back. Part 2 coming soon.[Chapter 2] It's been 4 days since I've been here and I doubtfully think every night that the asylum might have been a more comforting environment. I hated Nathalie, every single part of her, the way her body was just so perfectly fit, her blond hair that never seemed out of the place, the way she talked so sweetly in front of my dad but acted two faced when he leaves, how she tries to replace my mother but doing mother daughter activities, I'm not about that and how dare she try to replace my mother? She has no right to! I was getting changed in my room putting on my red and purple bikini my mom had bought me few years back. I sneaked past Nathalie singing in a sweet (though I can't admit) disgusting voice in the kitchen, she was baking, again. The wooden doors with translucent windows creaked open as I slipped through them on to the deck, a bit further was the water. It was the only place I could fully relax and indulge myself in a dream like place where things could turn themselves around. I peered towards the surface of the water and saw a distorted image towering over and it was a woman, with short curly hair, I rushed to the top as quickly as my legs would dare. I looked to where I guessed this woman was to be but there emptiness, just plain air, trees rustling, and evening was overshadowing. I was forever different, it wasn't the only hallucination and I doubted to be my last. I couldn't remember the friends I left behind, but it didn't matter if I ever start school again, I can make some new ones, right? That night Nathalie offered to bring me to the mall the following morning for new clothes, Words could never describe how utterly disgusted I was, especially her knowing how much I detested her presence, I gave her an icy cold stare, thinking of the most accurate thing to say . But all I could say in a solid and straight forward tone to get out of my room. I can't remember what her reaction to it was but my dad was informed of my \"attitude.\" What a big surprise... That b*tch! I will get her back, and it won't be so sweet and gentle... Chapter 3 coming soon, please leave a review or PM me! THANKS! ","Summary":" I've been in a mental esylum for as long as i can remember. My mom is at home baking her classic oa"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"The Unwanted","Author":"ItsMaddyMayhemYo","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5198925","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Inhope this a good chapter I know nothing is happening really so farnbut this is only the first chapter so there is much more of the storynline, I love the uninvited, and I would have changed the ending if Inwere directing the film. So here's the story. Please feel free tonreview, Give me some ideas for the following chapters. Enjoy. P.S.njust so you guys know, Alex is not dead in this story, neither isnMatt. Itnhad been just nine months since my mother died in a brutal fire. Itnhad been just nine weeks since dad started dating Rachel Somers. Inhated that name, I hated her. Who was she? Who was she trying to takenmy mom's place? She would never do that, She might have my dadnconvinced that she was 'just helping' but I knew ms. Somers hadnher eyes on much more. \"HeynAnna, what are you going for a swim?\" I heard Alex say as shenwalked down the dock to where I was sitting. \"No, just…nthinking.\" She rolled her eyes and sat down in front of me, \"Yournalways thinking. Take a break from thinking and go swimming, I mean,nwe have this whole lake in front of us and you sit here 'justnthinking.'\" She was constantly pestering me when I was at peace.nBut I wouldn't want to be in that house with Rachel either. So Inguess I should just get used to not thinking so much anymore. Inremoved my bathing suit cover up, and dove into the water. Alexnsmiled, \"I'm always right.\" I splashed water on her. \"OhnAlex, Oh my, oh my Its matt! What should I do?\" she hit the groundnwith her hand, so that told me to get up and sit beside her to waitnfor Matt. Secondsnlater, Matt docked his boat and stepped out, \"I missed you Anna.\"nI hugged Matt, I can't believe that it was a whole month since Insaw him. Had he forgotten about Rachel? Of course not, Who couldnforget the witch. \" I missed you to, Matt.\" \"WasnI invited to this party?\" Rachel walked down the dock smiling thatnsame smile that she uses to try to act like we like her. \"HellonRachel.\" I said after the moment of silence. \"Anna, Alex, yournfather Is looking for you, He has a gift for you.\" Alex and I justnstared at each other and began walking to the house. \"Coming Matt?\"n\"Ah, No I will see you guys at the party tonight.\" \"Bye Matt.\" \"Ohna party? You never told me about a part, Anna.\" I just smiled. \"Shendidn't need consent from you to go, We got it from our dadnalready.\" Alex said, making Rachel walk faster. \"Alex, I don'tncare for the way that you speak to me. You know I try with you.\"n\"No, You try with our dad.\" I nudged Alex to tell her to stop,nRachel got mad when someone mouthed off to her.[Chapter 2] Thenparty was okay, just like any other party. Alex got Drunk, and me andnMatt had to take her home. Whennwe got to the beginning of the driveway, Matt ran to the dock to gonback on his boat. I just walked Alex to the door, and helped her upnthe stairs. \"Anna,nyou know you don't have to keep doing this. I don't need someonento hold my hand when I come home from a party.\" Alex said. \"Wellnmaybe if you would just stop doing this than I wouldn't have to.nYou know Dad's rules Alex. Goodnight.\" \"Ciao.\" AsnI walked out of her room, I heard a sharp noise coming fromndownstairs. I started walking toward the sound, I was on the lastnstair when a creak came from me stepping on it. I heard somethingnrun. So I ran to the kitchen, I picked up a metal frying pan in onenhand, and walked toward the family room. I must have been gettingncloser, because I heard a loud door slam, it lead to the basement. IfnI was going to be killed, it would happen down there. It was so dark,neven with lights. But I opened the door, ready to throw the pan atnsomeone's face. I walked slowly and cautiously down each step,nwaiting for someone to jump out with a knife. It was silent. \"Anna?\"nA familiar voice said in the dark room. \"Whoever you are, I willncall the cops if you don't leave right now. I will hurt you.\"n\"Anna, no need.\" All of a sudden Rachel stepped out of thendarkness. She was holding that pearl necklace. \"Rachel? What arenyou doing down here? And why did you run away?\" she walked towardnthe stairs \"Let this be our little secret, okay Anna?\"n\"Whatever.\" Didnshe honestly think I wasn't going to tell anyone about this? Incertainly would not tell dad. He had enough to deal with, writing hisnnew book, and with his new sneaky girlfriend. I would tell Alex,nshe's the only one I trust not to tell dad. Insat at the table waiting for Alex to come out to go meet Matt at thenrock. \"Anna, would you just chill?\" \"No I cannot chill. I neednto speak to you immediately.\" \"If this is about Matt problems, Inswear that I will just backhand you were you stand.\" I just kept onnwalking. Mattnwas there already and we managed to get up as well. Ofncourse Alex dropped directly to the ground into a sitting position,nand Matt, looked at me worried. \"Guys,nits about Rachel.\"[Chapter 3] Rachel'snPOV Insat there on the patio, watching those brats talk. Anna was probablyntelling them how I ran away from her earlier today. I was so glad shendidn't see the notebook… Anna'snPOV \"Sonwhat? We've known she was a crazy nut job ever since she moved innhere.\" \"Yeah but now we have proof for dad.\" Alex looked at menwith wide eyes. \"Dad? We are not going to tell dad anything aboutnthis.\" \"Then what are we going to do about this?\" Matt saidncuriously. \"What are we going to do? I will tell you what we willndo.\" I said answering his question, then I continued \"We arengoing to find out what Rachel Somers is up to. And who she is.\" nAlex smiled that devious smile. Onenhour passed before I said it was time to make a plan. We managed toncome up with a seemingly great plot. But knowing Rachel, this wouldnbe harder then we took it for. Matt left on his boat, and me andnAlex ran up the dock to the house. Thisnwas going to be a great day. I just knew it. 2nhours later \"Okay,nAlex they are gone.\" I said as I watched my dad's new SUV pullnout of the driveway. \"Perfect, now lets go look into Ms. Somersnroom.\" I looked at her with unconvinced smile. \"Alex, We'rengoing to get caught.\" \"That's why we waited until they left tondo this.\" \"Right.\" Alex walked down the hall and into Rachelnand dad's room. I followed, still skeptical of her plan. Well mynplan. \"Alex,nwe need to get out of here, obviously she has nothing that can provenher of doing anything, plus gross in here.\" I made this conclusionnafter we saw the tons of lingerie in Rachel's closet. Alex justnrolled her eyes, as I knew she would. \"Come on, Anna. Rachelnwouldn't just leave a piece of evidence in the open for people tontake.\" \"Fine, you look and I will just keep watch for them.nBecause they are going to be home soon.\" \"Fine.\" 30nminutes later Ifnshe hadn't found anything by now, obviously there was nothing.nMaybe Rachel was just weird. \"Anna.. I think you should see this..\"nAlex said, I heard the worry in her voice. \"Coming!\" I yelled asnI ran to the room. Alexnstood there with a journal in her hand. I looked at her then thenjournal, puzzled. \"Alex, it's just a journal..\" she cut me off.n\"No no, look inside.\" she said, not taking her focus off of thenjournal. Inopened it slowly, afraid of what would be in there. I began reading..n There seemed to be names of people in there and then dates. It hadnthe birth date, then the death date. This could mean anything, I meannRachel was a nurse, but why would she keep the death's of a journalnin her own home? Incontinued reading. And then noticed the cause of death column. JulienClaus -nBirth: Jan. 16th ,n1991. Death: Jan. 16 th ,n2009. Cause of death: Poisoned Inread on, and was even more scared then the time that I almost drownednin the lake. \"What could this mean?\" I asked, Alex took a deepnbreath. \"Rachel Somers is a murderer.\" My eyes widened. And Indropped the book. I was now hyperventilating, we lived with anmurderer?! She was going to kill us! \"No, that cant be.\" Alexnpicked the book up and looked at the last page. \"Or maybe it can.nAnna I don't remember us dying.\" \"What are you talking about?\"nand I looked at the page, and saw three names written in red inknlarge and clear. They read, me and Alex's name's and Matt's.n\"You don't think…\" \"I don't know, Anna. But I do know, wenfound our first piece of solid evidence that she is an insane psychonwench.\" \"Alex, this could mean anything really. She could just benwaiting until we die… Oh what is the use we are living with anmurderer!\" \"Look, Anna. We absolutely cannot tell dad about this.nI've seen shows about people like her. And when they getndiscovered, the last option is to kill, violently.\" I looked atnher. \"Dad would never believe us, Alex. He thinks we just don'tnlike Rachel, that may be true. But he doesn't know how she is, hownshe acts when he is not around.\" She nodded and walked out of thenroom, I bent down and picked up the journal. This was the last stand.nRachel Somers was going down, and there wasn't a thing in thisnworld that was going to stop me. ","Summary":" Inhope this a good chapter I know nothing is happening really so farnbut this is only the first cha"},{"Movie":"True Romance","Title":"The trip to voltera","Author":"Theafterlife1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9080749","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Me and Jacob been like brother and sister since I was born I know A lot of you think that if he imprinted on me were together forever well that's true for him and I guess me too except without the imprinting well anyway we thought about dating he thought it would be good but I just didn't know how to date him,sure I loved him but knowing that him and my mom used to be a item and they kissed I just think it would be way to awkward so we never did once and a while aro would come and see how much I've progressed with my age and powers but today I go to voltorra to see them[Chapter 2] Carlisle and Esme end up taking me voltera instead of my parents it's a long ride but we get there and I decide to goby myself.i start walking and I run straight into some one \"oh my god I'm so sorry I wasent paying attention\" I say and look at the guy he looks a little older than me but he's a vampire I can tell right at that stands up \" it's fine aro sent me to see if you were here yet you are renessme right?\" He asks in a smooth voice.\" Yes I am\" I say \" come then \"he says and leads me in we stay in the elevator and we don't really talk and we walk in towards aro \" dear brother I thought you had gotten lost\" aro says \"I see you brought her\" he says again with a creepy smile \" Renesmee dear how lovely to see you again it's been awhile\" he's days to me taking my hand seeing all my powers I've gotten since the last time I seen him.[Chapter 3] Chapter 3 \"Yes aro it has been awhile\" I say in a polite voice which is weird for me but there the boss technically .\"we'll dear lets see what powers you've grown\" aro says holding his hand out to me and I take it and he's pretty much searching through my brain which isn't really weird considering my dad does it when ever I'm with Jacob if only I had my moms power \" we'll this is interesting\" aro says slowly \" what is it brother\" Marcus says \" she has a werewolf power she can read a ware wolfs mind with out being a wolf ...interesting very\" aro says \"you may leave \" he says kinda shoving me and I fall back and the boy I ran into helps me up \" I never to u my name ..I am Alec\" he says holding his hand out to me and I take it and something goes through me and then the next thing I remember is I'm at home and my parents and everyone are surrounding me \"what happened\". I ask[Chapter 4] Chapter4! So in this chapter we will introduce Emmett's new girlfriend (not rosealie) her names jenna hope you all like her :) \"Well when you were leaving we think Jane use her powers on you and you collapsed and Jenna found you found you \" (let's skip a few months shall we?) -Jenna's pov- Carlisle and Alice called me into Carlie's office saying it was important\"what is it Carlisle?\" I ask confused \" Alice seen a vision of you and Emmett and you guys had a baby I'm just wondering are you pregnant?\" He asks and it sinks in that I could be and probably am \" I might be Im not for sure though\" I say \" ill find out just lay down \" he says and I lay back and he presses on my abdomen and I flinch\" ow\" I look at Alice and Carlisle and they call Emmett in and tell us that...I'm pregnant Emmett looks ecstatic and I look terrified \" how far along Is she?\" Emmett asks \" around 4-7 weeks\" Carlisle says but I'm not paying attention this is gonna be hard... So what about that that's a shocked right? Well that's it for now it's really short but I ran out of time and haven't updated for awhile[Chapter 5] Chapter 5! -3 months later- Jenna's pov Me and Emmett walk home and were talking about the baby we both stop and I see a car and push him away and it hits me instead and I fly up and hit the ground and I'm laying there and my hand goes to my stomach Emmett's pov I see someone get out of the car ...Alec \" oh my go Jenna!\" Alec says Jenna's pov I feel someone pull my shirt up and feel around \"blood...\" Emmett says and look at my pants stained in blood \" she's misscarrying!\" I hear Emmett scream into his phone and I wake up crying I hear a car pull up \" Jenna can you hear me?\" Carlisle asks . I nod alittle \" Jenna you have to stay still I might be able to save the baby\" I nod with tears going down my face and Emmett's beside me an I can tell the blood is making him uncomfortable Carlisle touches my stomach and I groan in pain and Alice and Edward also show up \" we've gotta move her back home so I can help the baby Emmett Edward pick her up slowly \" he says and they pick me up and I hold onto Emmett's hand -at home - they lay me on a bed and Carlisle has his hands on my stomach and I'm crying ..I can't loose this baby ohhhhhh this is deporessing[Chapter 6] Carlisle and Esme end up taking me voltera instead of my parents it's a long ride but we get there and I decide to goby myself.i start walking and I run straight into some one \"oh my god I'm so sorry I wasent paying attention\" I say and look at the guy he looks a little older than me but he's a vampire I can tell right at that stands up \" it's fine aro sent me to see if you were here yet you are renessme right?\" He asks in a smooth voice.\" Yes I am\" I say \" come then \"he says and leads me in we stay in the elevator and we don't really talk and we walk in towards aro \" dear brother I thought you had gotten lost\" aro says \"I see you brought her\" he says again with a creepy smile \" Renesmee dear how lovely to see you again it's been awhile\" he's days to me taking my hand seeing all my powers I've gotten since the last time I seen him. ","Summary":" Me and Jacob been like brother and sister since I was born I know A lot of you think that if he imp"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Time Is Running Out","Author":"The Pedantic Lady Pendragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6885552","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So my lovely people here is the sequel that I promised you all! Please read and enjoy! The girls were sat on the dock each donning their bikinis as they soaked up the summer sun. The music was blasting from the stereo system beside them as Amy tunelessly sang along much to the annoyance of her two sisters. The temperature was scorching and they could all feel the prick of the sun on their skin. \"Dance the night away grab somebody drink a little more\" Amy sang loudly fist pumping the air as she leaned over and refilled her glass of vodka and coke. She also poured another two glasses for her siblings. \"La la la la la la la la la la la, tonight we gonna be hit on the floor!\" she continued to basically yell. \"Will you shut the hell up\" Alex groaned as she sat up putting her weight on her elbows and looked at her older sister who just sent her a death glare. \"Hey do you want this drink or not?\" Amy said back smarmily pulling her outstretched hand with the drink in it back. Alex just frowned back at her. \"That's what I thought\" she said handing her the drink. She then proceeded to pick up a ice cube and throw it onto Anna's stomach who shrieked loudly and shot bolt upright the cold snap shocking her. \"What the hell was that for?\" she practically yelled still in shock at the cold. She looked at Amy who was giggling to herself. \"You're such a child\" she scolded her and this just made the eldest Iver chuckle a little louder. \"Here this will calm your nerves\" she chortled handing the drink to the girl who took a long gulp of it. \"Hey careful kiddo, we don't want that going straight to your head now do we\" she said pushing her fringe off of her face. \"I'm not a kid Amy, you should know I can handle my drink just fine since you've been back here for the last year\" Anna responded swiftly. Since being around her sister's a lot more she had become very street wise and wasn't half as naïve as she was the year previously. \"True but you have had your exceptions which we are not going to speak about due to their graphic nature\" Alex said quickly as she got to her feet and stretched. The eldest two just chuckled once more. Anna was just the perfect target to wind up though when Amy and Anna combined against Alex they had produced some of the best memories the girls had. \"Okay I admit I've had my moments but so have you\" she said pointing at Alex as she too got to her feet. Amy was just sat there leisurely watching the girls throw insults back at each other and various comments. \"Low blow\" Alex said her hands on her hips as she tried to stare down her shorter sister who surprisingly had a pretty good evil stare of her own. Finally though their staring contest came to an end when for the first time ever Alex conceded and dropped her gaze. Anna didn't hesitate to burst into celebrations. \"I win, I win\" she chorused as she swung her arms around in happiness though this was short lived as in a flash Alex had pounced and the two went hurtling into the water. Amy choked on her drink and spat it out everywhere as she watched the two girls throw handfuls of water at each other as they messed around in the clear blue liquid. \"Hey give us a hand please?\" Anna said as she and Alex swam up to the dock. Amy got to her feet and walked over to where they were missing the evil glint in their eye. They outstretched a hand each and she took both but just as she was about to pull them up she was yanked forward and went head first into the lake. She made her way to the surface and tugged at their legs pulling them under the water. \"I hate you both\" she yelled as they all got to the surface again. \"Love you to\" they both said at the same time as they jumped on her pushing her under once more. The girls were drying off in the boathouse. Amy was towel drying her hair whilst the girls sat there drying themselves off. They watched their sisters movement and couldn't help but wince every time they saw the horrifying scars on the girls abdomen. Two large scars ran from just under her breast down to her hip as did two noticeable puncture wounds. On her face their was a medium sized scar which run down from her eyebrow over her eye and just below the lid. Their observation however was cut across by Amy who had noticed them staring. \"Okay how many times a day do I have to tell you about not looking at my scars\" she tutted softly looking at the two. She wasn't self conscious about them and didn't care that they were there but she hated it when her sisters looked as it always flooded their minds from incidents from that night. \"We can't help it\" Alex said her voice frank. \"Just reminds me of that bitch who did this to you\" she said her voice filling with venom at the thought of Rachel. \"And to think that it's a year since the day all that shit happened tomorrow\" she shuddered looking between her older and younger sisters. \"Please don't remind me\" Anna groaned putting her head in her hands. \"Hey guys come on, we just can't think about this okay it's in the past now, so let's just move on\" Amy cooed kneeling down in front of the two. She wasn't going to deny but she knew they were still traumatised by the whole thing. Hell even she was . The two nodded knowing that they had to get on with their lives. \"Yeah you're right, she isn't worth our time really! She couldn't beat us and she can't hurt us again\" Anna said with a smile on her face as she realised everything that she had gained through the ordeal. She had gotten her sister back, they had avenged their mothers death successfully and now they were a real family. Amy was about to speak again when the shrill ring of her phone cut her off. She stood to full height and picked it up answering swiftly. Her expression went from one of relaxed to one of horror. Her face had paled considerably and she nodded before responding. \"Okay thank you we'll be there as soon as possible\" she said before putting it down and turning to look at her sisters. \"We have to go\" she said as she grabbed the keys off the hooks and chucked on her top quickly. \"Amy what is it\" Anna asked worriedly as she grabbed her sister's arm. She couldn't shake the nagging feeling that something had gone horribly wrong somewhere. \"It's dad\" she gulped her throat going dry. \"He's had an accident\" she said throwing on her trousers her hands shaking slightly. \"Is he okay? What happened?\" Anna and Alex said their voices nearly yelling over each others. \"I don't know anything, all I know is that we have to get to the hospital now\" she said heading towards the door the two girl hot on her heels. She locked the door behind her and ran up the stairs to the driveway. \"Right jump in I'm just gonna lock the door to the house\" she said running over to the front of their massive house and locking the door swiftly. She ran back over to her Audi and just as she was about to jump in she noticed something. \"What the fuck?\" she practically yelled as she kneeled down next to the front wheel. A visible slash mark went through it taking all of the air out of the tyre. \"What is it\" Alex said popping her head out of the window. She had heard her sister's curse and instantly wondered what was wrong. \"Someone's slashed my tyres\" she said kicking the deflated wheel in frustration. \"Who the hell would do this?\" she yelled again standing up and looking at the girls. \"What?\" they asked hopping out of the car and looking at the visibly damaged tyre. \"Look we'll take the jeep instead yeah, you've got a set of keys for it haven't you\" Anna said looking to her disgruntled sister who nodded. The two didn't hesitate to run as fast as they could to the land rover. Amy locked up the car still upset over the car as well as her dad. What was going on today she questioned herself as she jumped into the drivers seat of the car and quickly started the engine. She put her foot right down and they sped off towards the hospital. What had happened?. So guys first chapter of this little sequel! If you're enjoying then please indulge me with your comments.[Chapter 2] They ran through the hospital corridors full pelt until they reached the reception. \"Uh hi I'm looking for my dad Steven Ivers?\" she asked her voice filled with worry. Anna and Alex stood on either side of her worry etched across their pretty faces. \"He's just up the corridor, room 139\" she said pointing the way. She nodded gratefully and they took off in the pointed direction their hearts pounding in their chests. Was he okay?. Would he survive? All these questions were running through their heads. A doctor in a long white lab coat walked out of the room they were headed and looked at the girls who were panting loudly. \"You must be Miss Ivers\" he asked looking at the pretty girl in front of him. She nodded her head. \"What happened? Is he okay?\" she asked trying to stop herself from asking twenty one questions. \"Mr Ivers suffered some severe head trauma in his accident\" he said sullenly and he didn't fail to notice the smallest girl instantly crumble at the words. \"His car lost control and he went off the road, they had to cut him out of the car and by the time we got him here a lot of oxygen had stopped going to his brain\" he said to the eldest Iver who's face was just completely solid in shock. A loud sob came from Anna as her knees went from beneath her. Alex instantly grabbed a hold of her holding her up. Tears were flooding down their faces as Alex led them to the chairs nearest to them. Amy was just stood there like a statue listening to the doctor intently. \"The swelling on his brain was too much for his skull to handle so to reduce it we had to put him in a medically induced coma\" he said trying to read the girls expression but it was impossible. It was merely blank. She just nodded her head allowing him to continue. He looked into her eyes and she didn't even have to speak for him to know what she was asking. \"I'm sorry but his condition is touch and go\" he was about to continue when his pager beeped and he looked at it quickly. \"I'm sorry I have to go but if there's anything you need please come find me\" he said simply before hurrying off down the corridor. Anna was sobbing into Alex's shoulder as the middle Iver stroked her hair her own tears falling down her face. \"Why?\" Anna choked out through sobs. She was struggling to make sense of it all. \"I don't know Anna\" Alex said her voice also pained. She wished she did. Why did this happen to them?. Why was their dad lying in there in a coma?. What made him go off the road? He was always such a good driver. \"Amy\" Alex called looking at her eldest sister who was just stood where the doctor had left her, her back to them. \"Amy?\" she called again but still she got no response from her sister who was almost frozen in place she was so still. Amy could hear Alex calling her but she couldn't move. Her muscles had contracted and the shock of it all made her just go numb completely. She couldn't feel a thing. Not even her sister's hand on her arm turning her around. \"Amy?\" she called again and this time the girl eyes finally flicked down to her own brown eyes. \"Look after Anna\" she said simply her voice hoarse and choked. \"I'm going in to see him, come in when you're ready\" she said and slowly she approached the door and pushed it open lightly. Looking in her heart thudded wildly. That wasn't her dad on that bed. The person laying there was covered in bandages and tubes went in an out of nearly every orifice. Machines beeped and she could hear the distinctive sound of the ventilator pumping air up and down. She gulped and took a few more shaky steps forward and stopped a few centimetres away from the bed. With a shaky limb she took a hold of her father's hand. It was him. She could tell by the gold wedding band that was on his hand. Since the whole incident with Rachel he had gone back to wearing it every minute of every day. \"Hey dad\" she said quietly not knowing what to say to him. Not as if he can fucking hear you she screamed internally as she tightened her grip on his hand. This wasn't happening. Not again. Alex held Anna tightly as sobs racked her small frame. The two were sat in the uncomfy chairs that were the hospital plastic ones. Alex rocked the girl back and forth in her grasp cooing every so often. Why was this happening again?. \"We lost mom, we nearly lost Amy so we can't lose dad Alex, we just can't\" Anna said through chokes as she raised her head to look up at her sister. \"I can't go through all this again\" she said as Alex wiped away one of her tears. \"Where do you think we get our stubbornness from huh?\" she said trying to think positive for her sister's sake. She was a lot more emotionally unstable than all of them and she didn't want to do anything that would make her worse. \"He'll be okay\" she added trying her best to fill her voice with enthusiasm. Anna just nodded against her chest. \"I just don't understand why this happened, dad is one of the best drivers I know, how would he manage to just lose control of the car?\" she questioned hundreds of thought going through her head at once as her mind began to go into overdrive as she tried to seek the answer she wanted so badly. \"We won't know until he wakes up Anna\" Alex said softly the question playing on her mind now also. It was a bit weird. \"And I mean of all the times of year it had to be on basically the anniversary of everything that happened with Rachel\" she said her expression changing from one of sadness to one of horror. \"Wait you don't think she had something to do with it did you?\" she said sitting upright now and looking at her sister. Alex shook her head. \"Anna she's dead, how the hell can she do anything?\" she asked back wondering what her sister was playing at. Where is your mind at she yelled internally at Anna who's eyes were darting back and fourth quickly as she tried to piece things together. \"It's too much of a coincidence Alex, what if she's come back from the dead or something?\" she said standing up now and pacing the corridor her eyes flicking to the room where her father currently was. \"What if she's getting her revenge on us for everything?\" she said as her pacing began to get faster and faster. Alex stood up as she tried to get the girl to see sense. She could see that she was running herself into the ground. \"Anna just stop\" she said firmly as she gripped a hold of her sister's shoulders and stopped her in her tracks. \"This has nothing to do with Rachel\" she said her voice even harder than before. She could only watch in heartbreak as her sister's complexion completely dropped once again as she realised what she had been saying. \"Rachel's gone, she cannot come back! It was just an accident\" she said and with her words she could only watch helplessly as Anna fell to her knees in front of her sobbing loudly. She dropped down next to her and clutched her tightly. This wasn't fair. Amy walked out of the room still in shock. She could see her sisters huddled there sobbing and stopped to take in their appearances. Usually she would have run to them and hugged them tightly but now she couldn't feel anything. She was completely and utterly numb. \"I'm going for a walk\" she said simply and strode past them swiftly but she couldn't evade Anna who threw herself at her and wrapped her arms around her tightly sobbing into her chest. She was just stood there still her arms frozen midair. Her body wasn't allowing her to embrace the girl back. \"What's happening Amy?\" Anna said through sobs as she looked at her older sister who was completely out of it. The girls blue eyes flicked down to her's. \"Why dad, I can't go through losing another parent\" she whimpered as she clutched the girl even tighter. \"Don't block everything out Amy, we need you now\" Anna added from nowhere as she looked at the girl once again her eyes filled with heartbreak. The words seemed to trigger something in her mind as all of a sudden her mind clicked back into gear. She regained control of her frozen limbs and on impulse she wrapped her arms around Anna tightly resting her chin on Anna's head. The words were replaying over and over. We need you. We need you. We need you . Those words made her realise that the two needed her support now more than ever. She blinked a few times and all of a sudden she could feel tears prick at her eyes. She was about to speak when an unexpected choked sob came from her mouth. Her knees buckled and she pulled Anna down with her as everything she had been holding in for the last half hour came pouring out. She extended her arm out for Alex who swiftly jumped into the embrace with her two sisters. For now it was just them. They were on their own. So second chapter guys. Hope you are enjoying and if so review.[Chapter 3] The car ride back was one of silence. Anna was asleep across the back seats with her head in Alex's lap. Amy eyes were fixed on the dark road ahead as a light summer shower overcame them. The car ride seemed to take an eternity but finally they pulled up at the huge house. Amy stopped the car and jumped out opening the back doors and grabbing a hold of Anna gently. Carefully she lifted the sleeping teen and carried her to the house. Alex opened the door with shaky hands and the three walked straight up the stairs. Amy walked into Anna's room and placed her down on the bed throwing the duvet's over her and tucking her in tightly. She pressed a long kiss to the girls head and brushed the hair out of her face. \"Al do you think you could stay with her for a bit?\" she asked turning to look at her sibling. \"Just until she settles\" she added and Alex nodded and walked over to the bed and hopped onto it. She sat along the bed next to Anna and rested her back against the headboard. Amy left the room and walked into her own. She stripped out of her clothes and slipped on a pair of track pants and a tank top. As she was pulling the top over her head she caught her reflection and her eyes instantly went straight to the scars on her body. Her eyes were fixated on them as she tried to clear her head. Everything that had gone on today. Their dad in an accident. It just seemed too coincidental. And then her mind wandered to her slashed tyres. Her thoughts were racing at a hundred miles an hour and without even realising what was happening she found herself walking out of her room, down the stairs and out of the front door. She opened the boot of her car and pulled out the spare tyre placing it down on the ground. She then grabbed her toolbox and shut the trunk and then she kneeled down next to the busted wheel. She pulled out her ipod from her pocket and stuck the earphones in her ears. Turning the volume up on her favourite song she proceeded to work. \"What's that sound?\" Anna mumbled groggily as she lifted her head off of the pillow. She looked at Alex who was stood at the window. \"Just Amy fixing the car up\" she said pushing the blinds back into place and walking back over to the bed. Anna just looked at her in confusion. \"Why is she doing that at this time of night?\" she asked knowing the answer but she still wanted Alex to confirm it. \"You know what she gets like, when she's stressed she likes to keep herself occupied\" Alex answered as she made herself comfy once again. \"How are you feeling?\" she asked looking at her sisters red and puffy face. Anna just shrugged. \"I feel a bit better\" Anna said a ghost of a smile on her face. \"Well as good as one can feel when their dads in a coma\" she added on rubbing her head slightly at the oncoming headache that was about to hit her. \"He'll be fine, we have to keep thinking positive about all this yeah\" she replied with a small nudge and Anna nodded back in response wanting to think of all the positives and not the negatives of the thing. She had to have faith in her dad but at the moment she was severely lacking in it. \"I swear someone hates this family\" Anna said as she too sat herself up. \"Mom, Rachel, Amy, now Dad\" she said straining each and every name. \"Now that I will agree with you on\" she said with a small grin on her face. They were about to continue their conversation when a loud bang from downstairs made them jump out of their skin. Alex and Anna both jumped off of the bed and looked at the window to see that Amy had gone from the car. The two breathed out a sigh of relief as they realised it was just their sister but jumped once more when the sound of glass smashing hit their ears. \"What the hell was that?\" Anna mumbled as she edged closer to the door Alex right behind her. They popped their head out into the hallway and flicked on the light before continuing forward. \"Ames?\" Anna called through the house trying to see if it was her sister but she got no response. This was starting to frighten the both of them now. Slowly they made their way down stairs trying to be as quiet as possible. Anna picked up one of her dads golf clubs and clutched it tightly in her hands as they edged closer and closer to the source of the noise. \"Ames?\" she called out again but once more they had no response. Her and Alex looked at each other and gulped simultaneously. This was exactly like déjà vu. Anna reached her hand around the corner and flicked the light on and in a flash the two jumped into the kitchen. The golf club clattered to the ground as it slipped from her grasp in shock. \"Is that….. Blood?\" Alex said as she looked at the stains across the window. Anna just nodded backwards as she read the words. I'm going to get you . \"Right I think we better look for Ames right now\" Anna said in horror as she knelt down to pick the golf club back up. Alex nodded with her and they navigated their way out of the house and practically ran over to the car. When they got there they noticed that her ipod was strewn on the floor one headphone in the middle of a heavy blood drop. Anna picked it up and placed it in her pocket. Scanning the floor they noticed that a small trail was leading away from the car and over to the boathouse. \"I don't like the look of this\" Anna said as she tread cautiously. \"Me neither\" Alex replied as she now led the way following every little blood drop. They followed it over to the smashed window where the etching was and then down the steps to the boathouse. In the distance on the dock they could see a figure laying on their side at the edge of the water. The two girls picked up the pace and as they expected lying there was no one other than Amy. She looked relatively unhurt with just a small cut on her head but her right hand had a large gash on it which had blood flowing from it heavily. \"Amy wake up\" Anna said as she shook the girl but as she did this the girls eyes snapped open and Anna recoiled in horror at the sight. Her eyes were completely black and a loud piercing scream ripped from her chest. It certainly wasn't human. Before either knew what was happening she had each of them by the throat and in one push the two were thrown through the air both hitting the other end of the dock which was at least three metres away with a loud thud. \"Ahh\" Alex groaned as she rubbed her wrist gingerly. Looking up they watched as Amy made their way towards them her eyes still black. Alex thought instinctively and grabbing a hold of the golf club she swung at Amy only for the girl to rip it from her grasp and snap it in half with ease. Just as she brought her fist back though her eyes flashed blue and she fell to her knees. \"GET OUT OF MY HEAD\" she screamed at the top of her lungs as she clutched her head tightly. Her head snapped up and her eyes were black once more and she gripped a hold of Anna and was about to strike when once again her eyes flashed blue and she fell down. \"RACHEL I WON'T HURT THEM NOW LEAVE ME ALONE!\" she cried her voice filled with pain as she clutched her skull tightly. Blood began to drip from her nose as the pressure in her skull was taking it's toll. Anna and Alex just watched a mixture a horror and fascination etched across their faces. \"One of you hit me\" she yelled towards the girls as she continued her inner battle. Alex ran over to the snapped club and picked it up. She hesitated for a moment as she watched the girl eyes change at rapid speed from blue to black. \"JUST DO IT\" she screamed and on that Alex smacked her hard across the head with the club. Amy's body thudded limply to the wood and as she did a black swarm emerged from her body and shot up into the air. Then there was silence. Anna ran over to her sister again shaking her slightly trying to rouse her. Surprisingly she began to open her eyes and thankfully when she did they were their beautiful blue again. \"Shit my head\" she mumbled groggily as she rubbed her tender skull. \"Shit your head, is that all you're gonna say?\" Alex practically yelled as she looked down at her eldest sibling. \"You were just possessed by the psycho nanny and tried to kill us\" she said angrily. Not at Amy but at the fact Rachel was indeed back. Amy slowly and shakily got to her feet. She wiped away the small bit of blood under her nose and then her head with the back of her sleeve. \"You think I don't know that?\" she said back rather cuttingly. Not wanting an argument at the way she was currently feeling she merely put a hand on Anna's shoulder. \"Look just help me get up to my room okay\" she said as she began to walk away but she quickly doubled over and vomited into the water. Anna had a hold of her by the waist to stop her falling head first into it. \"That was the most disgusting feeling I've ever had in my life\" she said as she spat the last remnants of bile out of her mouth. Anna and Alex just looked at each other still in complete horror. \"Right you're gonna sleep and then we can sort this out in the morning\" Alex ordered as they ushered the groggy girl up towards the house. \"I'm telling you one thing\" Amy spat angrily as they entered the house. \"I'm gonna enjoy killing that bitch all over again\" she said venomously and the girls both agreed with her. The bitch was back and they would be damned if she would hurt them all over again. So action action action. Hope you like guys and please review if so, they mean hell of a lot.[Chapter 4] So all the next chapter is up so I hope you all enjoy this one and thanks for the kind words. 0o0o0o0o0o The sun had risen over the house and beams of light began to filter in as another hot summers day lurked on the horizon. Anna and Alex were in the kitchen scrubbing the blood off of the windows and placing a piece of wood over the shattered area. They had been awake for the past four hours now and finally they had managed to clean up all of the mess. Both were still reeling from last nights events and they tried not to speak about it until they had heard from Amy who unsurprisingly was still asleep. Neither could really get over it. \"Right Anna ring the hospital to see how dad is for me please, I'm going to go up and see Amy\" Alex said authority filling her voice as she walked into the other room and towards the stairs. Alex went upstairs the steaming coffee in her hands and made her way into Amy's room. She sat down on the edge of the girls bed and placed the coffee on the side board. She gently squeezed her arm and Amy rolled over and looked at her sister. \"Rise and shine sleeping beauty\" Alex grinned as Amy slowly sat upright shaking the grogginess off. \"I'm up\" she mumbled as she rubbed her head wearily. \"I feel like crap, well getting possessed that's another thing I can cross off my list of a hundred things I wanna do before I die\" she chuckled to herself. Alex on the other hand didn't find her dark humour funny one bit. \"Don't joke about this Ames, you could have killed me and Anna last night as well as yourself\" Alex scolded and Amy just rolled her eyes at her tone of voice. \"Don't you think I know that Al\" Amy said as she took a hold of Alex's hand in her newly bandaged one. She hadn't realised that on there. \"How did I do this?\" she asked holding her hand up for Anna to see. \"We think when you were possessed you smashed the glass, cut your hand on it and drew on the window with your blood\" Alex said with a shrug and Amy's face paled slightly. \"Oh so now you're taking this seriously thank god for that\" she said as she passed the girl the coffee once more. \"I'm feeling fine this morning, a little tired and my head is pounding because of that freaking golf club! But yeah I'm okay, I just can't get over it! Rachel is back!\" she said spitting the last bit angrily. Oh she just had to. Then again Amy had always said even hell couldn't hold the woman and looks like she was right all along. \"I should have believed Anna when she said this was her, right from the beginning when the hospital rang about dad. She said and I just shrugged her off!\" Alex said back her voice filled with hurt. \"Hey come on now no one can blame you, even I didn't at first!\" Amy cooed softly as she slung a laze arm around Alex's shoulder squeezing gently. \"But at least now we know the truth and it's a step forward in the right direction yeah!\". The two could hear Anna heading up the stairs towards them and they turned to look at the door and within seconds she walked in phone in her hand. \"How is he?\" Alex asked wondering what the hospital had said to her. \"They say there has been no change in his condition, but that he should have woken up by now but he still hasn't\" Anna sighed as she leaned against the doorframe. Her eyes skipped between the two on the bed. \"Oh Regan there you are\" Anna said a light chuckle in her voice as she tried to ease the tension and worry that was filling the room quickly. \"Ha dee freaking ha\" Amy responded as she clapped her hands together loudly in mock applause. Alex just watched the exchange with amusement, though deep down she knew she should be finding all this funny. \"Now enough with all the wise cracks smartass, do you guys have any information on how to get rid of her ghost or whatever the hell she is now?\" Amy asked snapping straight into commander mode. She just wanted this all to be over as soon as possible. \"Well\" Alex said as she knelt down and pulled the laptop out of the draw and walked over to the bed sitting down on it next to the other two. \"I did some research and stuff about how she could have come back and the most probable cause was that before she died she enchanted a treasured item of her's which is currently acting as a talisman, therefore it is holding her soul on earth and until we find the item and destroy then she will forever roam the earth\" Alex said as she finished reading the paragraph. The other two looked at her sceptically. \"Okay so any ideas on what this talisman could be?\" Anna asked as she tried to think of Rachel's possessions. They had burnt most of her stuff a few weeks after she had died so what the hell was left was a complete mystery. \"Maybe it's Mr Chubby\" Alex chuckled as she remembered her and Anna's discovery of one of Rachel's toys in the draw. Anna giggled as she remembered that as well. \"That my friend is quite a longshot\" Amy smirked as she rubbed her sore head once again. \"My mind has gone completely blank it's not even funny\" she grumbled as she tried to think of something that could have been used. \"Right where didn't we check for her things before we burnt them?\" Anna questioned as she tried to think of a possible hiding place for the item. \"The boathouse that's it\" Alex said jumping to her feet. \"That's the one place we didn't check for some of her stuff, didn't think we needed to because she never went down there\" Alex said wondering how they had missed that in the first place. \"Right so let's take a look yes?\" Anna said hopping off the bed the other two following her swiftly. They needed answers and they needed them now. \"What about the pearls, did we get rid of them, I mean they were her prized possessions right?\" Amy questioned as they rummaged around the boathouse. The two girls nodded in agreement. She had a point. \"I'm sure we did\" Alex pondered as her mind wandered to the neck wear that Rachel usually had on her. \"Yeah we did remember, we snapped the pearls up into loads of little pieces and threw them on the fire remember?\" she said to them both and finally it clicked and they nodded in agreement. \"Well what the hell could it be then?\" Amy said as she turned over the sofa and checked the underneath of it finding nothing. She stopped and wiped the sweat off of her head and shook the sudden wave of dizziness away. That was weird she said inwardly as she stood to full height and another wave of nausea hit. Anna and Alex were completely oblivious to their sisters sudden turn and carried on with their searching. Her head throbbed and she was blinking away the double vision that was hitting her. \"This is really doing my head in now\" Anna said as she sighed and gave up searching. It was hopeless. She looked at her two sisters who had also stopped their searching. Amy was leaning against one of the draws and Alex… Well she had their back to the both of them and was stood perfectly still. \"Alex?\" Anna asked as she walked over to her sisters still form and put a hand on her shoulder. As she did this though Alex spun around and grabbed her wrist. Anna gasped as she took on the girls appearances. Her eyes were a jet black. \"Amy, Rachel's possessed her\" Anna practically shouted over to her sister who was very slow to react. Amy looked up through her dizziness as she heard Anna's terrifying shout. \"Shit\" she said simply as she pushed herself off the drawers and staggered over her adrenaline overtaking her nausea. Before she could get there though with one hand Alex threw Anna hard and high and the youngster flew through the glass, through the wooden gate and dropped about fifteen feet to the water below. \"Anna\" Amy screamed as she watched her sister disappear from view. She went to run out the door to help her but it slammed by itself. Next thing she knew she was hurtling towards the wall behind her. She hit it with a sickening thud and could hear as the wood splintered loudly but nevertheless she got back up shaking the pain off. As she stood there gathering herself she grabbed a hold of the iron poker and just as 'Alex' lunged at her once again she took one firm swing and hit the girl straight across the head. 'Alex' flew backwards and hit the floor hard and lay there unmoving. Without thinking Amy ran out of the room and without hesitation threw herself off of the side of the boathouse and into the water below. She hit the cold water and quickly opened her eyes searching for her sibling. Finally she found her and pushing off of the rocks behind her she pushed herself deeper and grabbed a hold of one of her hands and started to tug her to the surface. But her efforts were thwarted as she discovered the girl was caught in something. She pushed herself down deeper again and with her current ailments this was causing great difficulty as the pressure hurt her head even more than it was. But she carried on and eventually she got down to where the girls feet were and unhooked the reeds that had clung onto her. Finally she began to get closer to the surface and in less than twenty seconds they had broken through. Amy sucked in lungfulls of air as she towed Anna as quickly as possible towards the dock. Eventually they got there and with the last of her strength she heaved Anna up onto the hard wood and slid out herself. As soon as she was out she rolled the girl onto her side and watched gratefully as she coughed up a load of water finally clearing her lungs. \"That's it sweetheart, get it all up\" she cooed as she rubbed soothing circles on her back. Once all the water was up Anna slowly and shakily sat upright. \"Where's Alex?\" she gulped as she shivered involuntarily as she remembered who it was who threw her out of the boathouse. Her back was stinging and she could feel the contrast of the hot liquid that was seeping through her shirt. Amy noticed this and quickly went around the back of her and made quick work of pulling out the pieces of glass that were lodged in her back. Anna winced and hissed in pain as she did this and put her hand onto her head and she wasn't surprised that when she pulled her hand back there was blood on her fingers. \"I don't know, when she threw you off she threw me across the boathouse and slammed me into the wall and when she went for me again I hit her over the head and ran out into the water to get you, but more than likely she's still in there, I hit her pretty hard\" she spoke as another bout of nausea hit her. She didn't know where this feeling was coming from. \"We better go and have a look then\" Anna gulped as she slowly got to her feet clutching onto Amy's shoulder for support. But when she did this she could also feel Amy putting some of her weight onto her and why she did not know, she didn't seem hurt or anything. \"Come on then\" Amy said as the two made their way up to the boathouse. Neither what to expect when they got there but both knew that it wouldn't be good. 0o0o0o0o0o So another chapter down, ahh I do hope your enjoying guys and if so review please they keep me motivated yeah.[Chapter 5] The two arrived at the boathouse and slowly walked around to the side where the glass had shattered. Anna grabbed a hold of Amy's hand and held it tightly as her panic began to rise. She just didn't know what to expect when they rounded the corner and frankly it scared her. Amelia looked at the floor which was littered with glass and taking a deep breath as she tried to shake away the excruciating pain in her skull she popped her head around the corner and looked in. The inside of the boathouse was a mess and small puddle of blood was on the floor but there was no sign of 'Alex'. \"She's gone\" Amy said turning to look at Anna who just shook her head. \"Where? How? Why did Rachel have to do this?\" she said her voice breaking slightly as worry for her sister increased. Amy just shook her head and was about to speak when from around the back of the boathouse Alex appeared dazed and confused. \"Jesus my head hurts\" she grumbled as she grabbed her skull tightly as she made her way towards them. The two took a step away from her just to make sure that this wasn't another trick by Rachel. Alex just looked at them her eyes completely clear of the blackness that had encompassed them. \"Guys it's okay it's me\" she reassured as she moved closer once again and this time they didn't move away. She took in her siblings appearances and couldn't help but wince at them. The two were soaked to the bone and she could visibly see blood spots covering Anna's white shirt and a cut across the side of her head. She then looked at Amy who didn't look that bad except from the fact that she had gone seriously pale. \"Anna, I am so sorry\" she said moving forward beside the girl who was shivering lightly. \"Are you okay? You're not too hurt are you?\" Alex added and Anna shook her head side to side. \"I'm okay Alex, a little cut up but don't worry\" Anna shrugged not wanting to make her sister feel worse than she knew she already was for what she had done. \"And Amy I am so sorry too, how hard did I throw you against that wall\" Alex said as she popped her head back into the boathouse and looked at the huge indentation that lay in the splintered wood. \"Oh…\" she trailed off knowing that there was no need for Amy to answer as she had seen the damage. \"Shit I think I'm going to throw up\" she said as she clutched her stomach and in a flash she was leaning against the boat house vomiting violently. Anna rubbed soft circles on her back as she got all of her stomach contents up. \"Same happened to me after I got possessed last night, must be a side effect\" Amy said as another dizzy spell overcame her and she grabbed onto the railing next to her. \"I feel awful\" she murmured quietly and Anna put one arm around her waist and guided her towards the steps. \"Okay I think we've done enough for now, when we're all feeling a little better then we'll have another search\" Anna said as she helped Alex up towards the house Amy trailing slowly behind them. \"Couldn't agree with you more\" Alex muttered as they got into the house. 0o0o0o0o0o \"This isn't right\" Alex said simply as she sat by the table holding a bag of frozen peas to her sore head. \"I mean we have nothing against her, look how easy it is for her to just jump in to one of us and hurt us\" she added sullenly as she watched Anna and Amy fiddle with the laptop as they tried to find more information. Amy coughed loudly and picked up some tissue to cough into but when she pulled it away from her mouth she noticed that there were specks of black blood on it. Before the two girls could catch on she shoved it into her pocket and tried not to give away how she was feeling. Which wasn't very good . Her head felt like it had been hacked in two by a pick axe and wave after wave of dizziness kept hitting her hard. Pulling the laptop so that only she could see the screen she continued to look through the pages about possession trying to find a reason why she was feeling like she was. And then she found it. Reported possible side effects of possession. Rapid poisoning of the immune and neural system . She read through the symptoms and gulped loudly before slamming the lid down on it. \"Everything alright?\" Anna questioned looking at the eldest Iver. She noticed that she was three times as pale as before and could see her head swaying side to side very slowly. Amy nodded at her but a blinding pain went through her skull and she rubbed it. \"Yeah, just pissed off that I can't find anything about what we're looking for\" she said trying to cover up the real reason for her worry. Another coughing fit overcame her and this time when she put the tissue to her mouth a large clumps of black blood came up. Anna and Alex looked at her as she suddenly began to choke and grasp onto the table as she tried to get air. \"Amy, you okay?\" she asked worriedly as they went over to her in fright. She was going to respond when all of a sudden she vomited up a load of thick black blood. The three looked in horror at her as all the stuff flowed from her mouth. \"Jesus Christ Amy\" Anna said worriedly as she knelt down next to the girl. Amy lifted her head slowly to look at them her eyes bloodshot and her face pale. Her head was lolling side to side slightly and Anna could only watch as blood began to slip from her nostril. And with one last look she fell forward onto Anna the two of them hitting the floor. \"Alex call an ambulance\" Anna practically yelled as she tapped at her sisters clammy cheeks. Alex typed in the number furiously but she got nothing. \"Phone lines are down\" she said in horror as she tried again only to get no sound what so ever. \"Right get her to the car I'll drive\" she said as she aided Anna in carrying their sister to the car. They went over to the Audi and opened the door but once more all four tyres had been slashed. \"Shit okay the jeep\" Alex said and they manoeuvred over towards it but when they got within ten feet of the vehicle it exploded in their faces. The three were blasted off of their feets as the car ripped itself apart and shrapnel flew everywhere. Anna and Alex hit the ground severely dazed but Amy was still unconscious. \"What the hell is going on?\" Alex yelled as she scrambled to her feet as did Anna the youngest one fell straight back down when she noticed a piece of metal sticking out of her thigh. With a quick and painful tug she pulled it out and stood up once again putting pressure on the wound which was bleeding quite heavily. \"What are we going to do?\" she whimpered as she leaned up against the bin and began to wrap her jacket tightly around her leg to stem the bleeding. \"Alex what are we going to do?\" she yelled a little bit more hysterically this time. They were trapped. \"Back inside now\" Alex ordered and obediently she began to hobble over to the door. Alex grabbed a hold of Amy and pulled her to her feet the girl putting all of her weight on her. \"You're gonna have to help me out here\" she said to her as she struggled to move her into the house. The sentence didn't even register in the girls mind. The only thing that did was pain. After much struggling she got the girl into the house and dropped her onto the settee. Anna slumped down on the arm as she fiddled with her leg. \"This is out of control\" Anna whispered as she realised full well what exactly they were up against. \"Hand me the laptop I'm going to try and find some more info\" she said and Alex gave her the laptop. \"No point Anna we've looked at everything on the internet, what else is there to look at?\" Alex snapped her frustration taking over. She couldn't work it all out. It seemed as if there was no way they could escape from this. Anna ignored the comment and lifted the screen back up and the laptop flashed on. Looking at the corner of the screen she could see that the internet was also down. \"Web's down\" she grumbled as she looked at the angry girl in front of her. She then proceeded to look at what was on the screen and her face dropped horror. \"Oh…..\" she said simply and she put the laptop on the table. Alex noticed her sister's sudden change in demeanour and walked over to her curious as to what had gotten to her. She looked at the laptop screen and her jaw dropped also. \"She's dying\" Anna whispered looking from Alex to Amy who was out cold on the settee. Alex couldn't even say anything. It felt like her throat had constricted completely. She wasn't just worried for her sister's health but also for her own. She had been possessed also. Alex turned and kneeled down next to Amy and put the back of her hand to the girls boiling and sweat soaked head. \"Anna will you go and get me a bowl of cold water and a cloth\" she asked as she lifted the girls eyes lids to expose her eyes. The girls eyes were now nearing complete redness. Dropping them back down she placed a hand on her chest to see how her breathing was. She could feel it was laboured and the raspy breaths that were escaping her lips. Anna returned with the stuff required and dropped the cloth in the water and began to dab at her face cleaning away the blood that had seeped from her nose. She then folded it the otherway round and placed it onto her forehead to try and cool it down. \"Same things gonna happen to you isn't it\" Anna said looking at her sister sadly. Her leg was aching badly but she tried to ignore it as much as she could. The older girl just shrugged not knowing herself before she moved from Amy to Anna and began to look at her leg whilst the girl treated their sister. Removing the jacket she inspected the wound and hurried over to the kitchen and grabbed a rag and a bottle of vodka which she had stashed under the bag full of crisps. \"Since when did you get all doctory\" Anna chuckled as she watched her sisters movements. \"What can I say, I watch way too much TV!\" Alex said as she tipped some vodka onto a rag and began to dab lightly at the nasty wound. A hiss escaped Anna's lips and Alex apologised for causing her sister pain. She was just about to talk when all of a sudden something hard hit her across the head and she collapsed to the ground. Anna looked up to see what had happened and when she did she saw Amy standing there with a bottle in her hand her eyes completely black. Anna tried to move away to her sister but the possessed girl grabbed a hold of her leg and dragged her off of the settee onto the floor. Anna writhed against the grip but it was far too strong. All of a sudden though a searing pain ripped through her leg as 'Amy' poured the bottle of vodka on top of the wound. Anna tried to pull it away but her hand clamped down hard onto it and she continued to tip the spirit over it until the bottle was empty. Tears streamed down her face as she wrenched herself off of the settee an agonising scream ripping from her chest. \"Rachel get out of her body now!\" Anna spat as she watched the woman who was inside her sisters body advance on her. Rachel walked over to where Anna was and stamped her foot down onto the wound hard and the girl screeched in pain once again. \"Aww poor Anna is all on her own\" she chuckled through Amy's body. \"And I'm sorry to tell you but Amelia doesn't live here anymore\" She laughed again down at the girl who was completely at her mercy. This wasn't good. Found this on my laptop and never realised that I'd finished it. So final two chapters are coming your way guys!. So dun dun duhhhh. If your enjoying review guys. ","Summary":" So my lovely people here is the sequel that I promised you all! Please read and enjoy! The girls we"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"My Little Sisters","Author":"The Pedantic Lady Pendragon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6030174","Passage":"[Chapter 1] So basically Alex never died in the fire, only her mother did, Rachel was the one who started the fire to finally bump the mother off, and Alex and Anna have an older sister who comes to visit unexpectedly and gets caught up in the events. \"There's something off about her, i really don't think she is who she says she is\" Anna said to Alex as the two sat idly on the dock kicking their legs through the water slowly. \"I've been thinking that too, i can't believe dad's actually marrying her\" Alex grumbled as she thought of the blonde nurse who was sat indoors probably draped over her father. \"Me neither, i can't get over how quick she's jumped into mom's place\" Anna groaned her blood boiling at the woman's actions. She absentmindedly began to rub at the scars on her wrist, it's something she always did when she thought of her mother's death. \"She'll never be mom, she thinks she can be, but she won't\" Alex replied taking a hold of her younger sisters hand. Squeezing it lightly she tried to avert her eyes away from the scars but it was unsuccessful. A cold shiver went through her as she remembered how the girl had acquired them. \"Anna, you in here\" Alex called as she hurried into the girls room. Looking around she noticed that it was completely empty. She narrowed her eyes in confusion at the Anna's absence and spun on the spot. \"Come on, you know what he's like sis he didn't mean it like that\" she shouted through the upstairs as she walked out of her sisters bedroom and over towards the bathroom. Looking through the blurred glass she could see the outline of her sister sat up against the wall. \"Anna, please come out and talk, we talk about everything\" Alex pleaded as she stood looking through the cloudy glass. She looked closely and noticed that Anna still hadn't moved from the position she was in when she first got there. \"Look i don't care what you say i'm coming in\" Alex said and with that she threw the door open and took a step in. But suddenly her body recoiled in horror at what was in front of her. There sprawled up against the wall was Anna blood pooling around both of her arms which hung limply at her sides. \"No, no, no\" Alex screamed as she bolted forward sliding to her knees next to her little sister. Alex pulled Anna into her lap tightly. \"What have you done, come on Anna answer me\" Alex yelled as she watched her sister's head loll limply in her arms. Her eyes were rolling into the back of her head no concentration in them what so ever. \"Help, please somebody help, Dad\" she screamed at the top of her lungs trying to get anyone's attention. Suddenly she could hear thumping footsteps and her dad skidded into the bathroom. \"Oh my god\" he said his voice barely above a whisper. \"Get an ambulance, dad ring the paramedics now\" she screamed tears rolling down her tanned face. Her father just nodded numbly and sprinted from the room his head all over the place. \"Come on Anna, keep your eyes open, please do it for me, I lost mom I don't wanna lose you to, I can't lose you\" she cried as she cradled the girl in her hands. Anna was trying to say something but all the energy she had had been completely drained from her. \" 'm sorry\" she managed to get out weakly trying to steady her head but not being able to. \"Shh, keep your energy\" Alex cooed as she stroked the girls hair lovingly. She could feel her heart thumping hard against the inside of her ribcage and it felt as if it was about to burst out. \"Just stay with me yeah\". \"So what are we going to do, you know to find out about who she really is\" Anna sad snapping Alex out of her reverie. Alex shook the memory out of her head. \"I say we make a few phonecalls, and find a bit out about those three kids\" Alex said not really sure if it would work but was willing to try anything she could to bring the woman down. \"Yeah that sounds good\" Anna grinned looking at her sister. She was about to add on to what she said when behind them they could hear a car pulling into their driveway. \"I didn't know we had visitors\" Anna said looking up to where the sound was coming from. \"Me neither\" Alex said getting to her feet and hurrying up to the driveway. Anna got a up a little slower and looked out at the water. She shivered as she remembered Matt's body being pulled from the lake. His back broken. Just like in her dream. Shuddering she turned on her heel and disappeared after her sister. When Anna finally got up to the driveway she stopped in shock at who was stood in front of her. But finally she found her voice and ran forward. \"Amy\" she cried jumping straight into her eldest sister's arms. The older girl embraced her little sister tightly a wide smile on her face. \"Hey kiddo\" she grinned as she finally pulled away from her. \"I'm only two years younger you know, you can't call me that anymore i'm eighteen\" Anna laughed and Amy just rolled her eyes. \"I can call you whatever you want because i'm the oldest, that goes for you too smart ass\" she said looking over at Alex who had already locked her in a bone crushing hug. \"I didn't know you were coming home this weekend\" Anna asked as she looked at the raven haired girl. Her hair was long and tied back into a loose ponytail. She was a little taller than Alex and her skin was slightly more tanned, but her features were a mix of Alex's and Anna's. \"I just thought i would surprise you that's all, what can't i stop by to see my little sister's\" she laughed as she slung one arm over Anna's shoulder and the other over Alex's. \"So where's the old man\" she grinned referring to her father. \"Who knows, more than likely with that bitch\" Alex snarled as her thoughts turned to the blonde woman once more. \"Oh this is interesting, wait dad has a girlfriend\" Amy replied slightly stunned at what the girl had said. \"Yeah and never guess who it is\" Anna said pushing the question at Amy. She narrowed her eyes in concentration. \"I don't know give me a clue\" she said wanting a little aide in figuring it out. \"Tall, Blonde, a little crazy, lived with us for a while and is now a permanent feature\" Anna said and Amy's face completely dropped as she realised who it was. \"Oh you have got to be kidding me, please don't tell me it's Rachel\" Amy said spitting the sentence out in disgust. Of all the people he had to pick it was her. You should have seen this coming, they were having an affair after all she thought to herself feeling slightly nauseous. \"Nope, now she wants to play mommy dearest with us, but we think she's not who she says she is\" Alex said as the three slowly walked towards the house. \"What are you\" she began but stopped when she saw her dad and Rachel walking towards them. \"Hold that thought\" she mumbled quietly and broke away from the two and embraced her father. \"Well look who's flown back to the nest\" her father grinned pulling back from his eldest daughter. \"Hey daddy\" she grinned back putting a soft kiss on his cheek. Finally her eyes managed to meet Rachel's and instantly a scowl made itself known on the youngsters face. \"Amy it's so nice to see you again\" Rachel said the falsest smile you could ever imagine on her face. \"Wish i could say the same thing Rachel\" Amy said casually. Behind her she could hear Anna and Alex stifle a laugh and her dad glared warningly at her. Rachel just kept that fake smile on her face stopping herself from biting back. Ever since she had first met the girl the two had taken an instant dislike to each other. \"Amelia I'm warning you\" her dad whispered quietly in her ear. Amy just rolled her eyes and turned back towards her car. \"Where are you going\" he asked wondering why she was going back that way. \"To get my stuff from the car, not getting rid of me that easily\" she laughed as she opened the boot and reached in pulling out a big duffel bag. Rachel who was stood right at the back by the front door listened to the girl's words closely. Let's hope you can back that up she thought silently watching as the eldest gathered her stuff. So first chapter up guys, i actually cant believe that there aren't more stories on this amazing film! Well you should know the drill, if you want more guys drop me a review :D[Chapter 2] \"Right so where do we start\" Amy said as the three girls sat down in the boathouse several of Rachel's bank cards and social security numbers around them. \"Right let's start with the medical system, if she's a nurse she'd be in it under her own name\" Alex said as she grabbed the phone and walked into the next room. Anna and Amy were stood next to the window looking out at the blue lake in front of them. \"So how you doing now, feeling better\" she said referring to the youngster's suicide attempt nearly a year ago. Anna nodded her head, \"Yeah I think so\" she answered back looking up at her sister. When she did she noticed something that hadn't been there when she last saw her. Running down over her eye was a faint narrow slice which was only just about visible beneath the girls make up. She was about to make a comment on it when Amy cut across. \"I'm sorry I wasn't here more Anna, after you, well you know\" she said her eyes going down to the girls wrist. \"It was just when i saw you being wheeled out of the house by paramedics, i got scared, we had just lost mom but losing you too, it scared the shit outta me\" she said her voice breaking slightly as she said this. \"It's okay, look you were the only one who rang me every week to see how i was doing, you wrote me letters, you were dealing with things too\" Anna said back softly sending a reassuring smile at the older girl. Amy smiled back slightly and pulled her sister into another big hug. \"Ah i've really missed you and Alex, i thought travelling would be fun but i don't think i'm going to be going very far again\" Amy said into the girls hair as she held her tightly. Anna pulled back and looked at her in confusion. \"I thought you said you were having the time of your life\" Anna said slowly wondering what had brought this on. \"I was up until a few months ago\" she said turning away from Anna slightly and looking over at the water. \"Why what happened, is it something to do with that scar on your face\" Anna said gently grabbing the girl by her shoulders and turning her around to face her. She had never seen her sister looking so glum as she did now. Amy merely nodded at this. \"Amy what happened, come on tell me\" Anna begged forcing the girl to look at her. \"I was over in California about four maybe five months ago, a bunch of us went to a party to celebrate our win in a game of high stakes poker, I had a few drinks, not enough to get me drunk but suddenly i was falling around everywhere, i couldn't see properly anyway i ended up staggering out of the back yard and into a lane when i heard someone shouting\" Amy said gulping as she continued on with her story. Anna's eyes were wide in horror. \"I knew i'd been spiked, it was the only conclusion, so when i got into the lane i looked up and could see a gang of people kicking someone on the floor, i ran towards them to make them stop but they turned on me\" Amy spoke her voice low and slightly hoarse. \"In my state it was impossible to fight back, next thing i know i was on the floor with about five pairs of feet stamping on me, fists smashing into me, and when i tried to get up someone picked up a glass bottle and smashed me across the face with it, next thing i knew i was waking up in a hospital with my purse, phone jewellery all gone and the guy they were beating up, turns out they beat him to death\" she finished rubbing her face wearily. Anna was in a state of shock, how could she have hid something like that from her . \"Why didn't you say, jesus Amy why didn't you tell me\" Anna said shaking the girl by her arms. \"You had your own problems, i didn't want to burden mine on you, I'm a big girl and can look after myself you know that\" Amy sighed looking at the upset teenager. She had wanted to tell her family,but there was no right moment to say with everything that was going on. \"I just wish you'd have said\" Anna said back knowing that the only reason she didn't say anything was because of her. \"Well you know now, anyway that is not important, what is important is how Alex is doing in there\" she said pointing over her shoulder at the bedroom where Alex was pacing whilst on the phone. \"Let's go have a look then\" Anna said hurrying indoors to see if Alex had found anything new. Two hours later . . . . \"I knew it\" Anna said as the three girls sat on the bed still stunned that they now knew. \"Do you really think she killed those kids, drugged them and stabbed them\" Amy said having slight doubts about what they had found. Sure she didn't like Rachel but she never really thought that she was capable of murder. \"Hell yes, we found those sedatives in her room\" Alex cut across her hands clenching at her sides. \"She killed them to get close to their widowed father, and it looks as if she's probably gonna do the same to us, i mean we are the only things standing between her and what she wants now\" Alex said feeling slightly sick at the revelation. \"Well we have to stop her before she hurts anyone else, i mean i know it was her who killed Matt, no way did he accidentally break his back, she knew he was gonna meet me that night\" Anna said her heart sinking as she thought of her dead ex boyfriend. No matter what she still had strong feelings for him. \"I think she did too\" Alex agreed looking at the youngest of the three. All of them nodded in agreement. \"So what do we do next\" Anna said wondering what their plan was, they had to stop Rachel and they had to do it very soon. \"We're gonna give her what for, but first, we're gonna show her what a real party is\" Amy grinned and the other two nodded wanting to know what she was up to. Rachel was strolling around with drinks in her hand offering them out kindly. Once again she had that false smile plastered onto her face. Looking around she noticed that none of the girls were in sight. She narrowed her eyes in anger. How dare they not show up, she wanted to show these people that they were a family. Steven worked his way over to his fiancée and took the drinks from her putting them on the table. \"Hey have you seen the girls, i can't find them anywhere\" Steven said looking at her sweetly. Her face darkened as he mentioned them but she instantly got back the 100 watt smile she constantly had on her face. \"No, i was just thinking the same thing actually\" Rachel said dabbing the sweat from her brow with a tissue. \"So it was a nice surprise having Amy come back out of the blue\" Rachel said trying to disguise the bitterness in her voice whenever she mentioned the eldest Iver. \"Yeah I couldn't believe it either when she turned up, got all my girls around me now, what more could I want\" he said a wide smile on his face. Rachel kept up the typical stepford facade as he talked about his girls. She was his girl. Not them. Her. Steven was about to continue when all of a sudden the front door opened and in staggered a drunk Anna, Amy and Alex with around thirty to forty teenagers behind them. Each had barrels of beer on their shoulders and they trudged into the house quickly turning off the soft classical music that was playing and replacing it with a dance beat. \"What the hell are you doing\" Rachel screamed as she watched the teenagers come in and down the glasses of champagne that were loitering about the living room. \"We heard there was a party\" said the boy peeking over his sunglasses cheekily before strutting off into the kitchen. Rachel's visitors were frozen in shock as they watched the flock of kids invade the house. \"GET OUT\" screamed Rachel her face turning purple as she screamed. Everyone went quiet and looked at her Amy, Anna and Alex in amusement. \"Everyone just get out now\" she screamed again and within seconds everyone was hurrying out of the front door, her guests included. Steven was trying to give his apologies to the guests but it was in vain as they fled hurriedly. After around five minutes the only people left in the now trashed living room was Rachel, Amy, Anna, Alex and Steven. \"Sit down now\" Steven said through gritted teeth at his daughters and they did. \"What the hell did you think you were doing, you knew how big tonight was for Rachel\" he practically screamed at the three. Anna and Alex flinched at his tone but Amy merely leaned back against the sofa. \"Yeah it was big for Rachel, not for us though\" Anna said finding a bit more confidence to tell her father what she was feeling whilst drunk. \"We're a family Anna, all for one and one for all you know that\" Steven said pointing his finger right into Anna's face. She swatted it away angry at his words. \"Jesus you need to get a grip dad, she's got you wrapped right around her little finger\" Alex said smirking at him. Rachel stood behind him her face still purple she didn't know what to say. \"I don't understand you lot sometimes\" Steven said throwing his hands up in the air in frustration. \"I could say the same thing for you, like for instance i can't understand why you would settle for a slut like her\" Amy said casually as she stretched her hands high above her head. Rachel took a menacing step forward her hand clenched tightly. \"What did you just say\" she seethed her eyes igniting in anger. Amy sprung to her feet and took a step forward a wide smile on her face. \"Oh look the little miss perfect mask is starting to slip daddy\" Amy said laughing as she said this. If there was one thing she was good at it was getting under people's skin. Rachel looked as if she was going to jump forward but Steven took a step between the two girls. \"Stop it\" Steven yelled but the two never broke eye contact. \"She's not as perfect as you thought, she's not who you thought\" Amy spat her anger finally arising now. \"Amy what are you getting at here\" Steven said narrowing his eyes at the girl. Anna and Alex both stood up next to their sister ready to back her up if she needed to. \"Why don't you ask Ms Summers if that's what she's really called\" Amy said and with that turned on her heel and staggered towards the front door. \"Where do you think you're going Amelia\" Steven yelled after her his anger building up once more. \"Out the front door where does it look like i'm going\" she said and with that walked out and slammed the door behind her tightly. Steven rubbed his forehead and turned to his other daughters. \"Get to your rooms now\" he said trying to keep his voice low and calm. Anna and Alex looked at each other and turned to their father. \"Smooth dad, picking your lying fiancée over your kids, and you still wonder why i tried to kill myself\" Anna said over her shoulder as she headed towards the stairs Alex on her tail. \"Ugh i feel sick\" Anna groaned as the alcohol from a few hours ago began to make itself known. She was laying on her bed Alex at her side. The girls had been talking for the last two hours about what had happened. \"Amateur\" Alex laughed at her sister. She never had been able to hold much alcohol. \"Honestly i could have sworn that Rachel was going to blow earlier, the look on her face was priceless\" Alex laughed as she remembered the nurse's face. \"Me too\" Anna said pushing herself closer to her sister sleepily. \"Alex we need to end this thing with Rachel, before she hurts any of us\" Anna said softly to her sister placing one hand under her head. \"I won't let her hurt any of us, neither will Amy\" Alex said reassuringly squeezing one of her hands lightly. \"I hope you're right, where do you think she is now\" Anna asked thinking of her raven haired sister. \"Probably out partying with some of her old friends\" Alex said shrugging her shoulders. It was like a chain with the three of them. Anna looked up to Alex, Alex looked up to Amy and Amy, well she didn't have anyone to look up to. Maybe that's why she used to be so rebellious. \"Ahh do you remember the first time you two took me out and i got so drunk you and Amy had to carry me all the way home\" Anna laughed as she remembered her eventful fifteenth birthday. \"Yeah i remember, mom went crazy on us the next morning\" Alex laughed along remembering the scolding the three got over breakfast. \"They were th-\" Anna began but stopped when she heard a clinking outside her window followed by a string of swear words. The two girls shot up and looked at the open window. Before they even got off the bed a figure appeared outside of the window. \"Stupid stupid ladder\" Amy grumbled as she crawled through the window, but just as she was about to step in she completely lost her balance and instead of stepping in gracefully she fell head first into Anna's bedroom. \"Ouch\" she groaned as she rolled around on the floor. \"Amy, how much have you drank\" Anna said as she hurried over to the girl who was struggling to get to her feet. Anna wrapped one arm around her waist and helped her over to the bed dropping her on it carefully. \"Not enough\" she slurred looking up at the ceiling. Alex ruffled the girls hair who was now middle of the bed her sisters on either side of her. \"Nice entrance Amelia\" Alex laughed as she used the girls full name. Amy muttered something beneath her breath aimed at the middle sister. \"Don't call me that\" she groaned putting her hands over face. Anna and Alex just laughed at her reaction. They had missed her . A comfortable silence fell amongst the three sisters. Each were on the verge of falling into an alcohol induced sleep but before she could Anna curled into Amy's side as did Alex on the otherside. Amy put an arm around both of them and kissed both of their heads. \"Goodnight\" she mumbled drunkenly and not thirty seconds later she fell asleep a soft snore emitting from her. \"G'night Anna\" Alex said as she got herself comfortable. Anna smiled into her sleeping sister's side. \"Goodnight Al\" she said quietly and soon followed the other two into a sleep. Not that it was a good one. So second chapter is up guys :D whats next for the three musketeers, review if you liked guys.[Chapter 3] Rachel and Steven were sat downstairs when finally they heard movement above them. Slowly the three girls came down the stairs, if Steven wasn't as angry at them he would have laughed at the mess they were in. Alex was the first to get to the bottom. Her head was hung low on her chest and she was as white as a ghost. Behind her emerged Anna who looked like she had also seen better days. Big black bags went under her eyes and she had one hand pressed against her head trying to suppress the oncoming headache. And then behind her emerged Amy who didn't look as bad as the other two except that her hair was completely tousled and she was still in the same clothes as the night before. All three sat themselves down on the settee groaning quietly. \"Ugh oh god i think i'm gonna puke\" Alex muttered as she leaned her head onto Anna's shoulder who's face had a slight green tint to it. \"Me too\" she mumbled back resting her head on top of Alex's. To her left Amy got to her feet and headed towards the kitchen. \"Where's the aspirin\" she asked walking past her father and Rachel to get three glasses of water. \"Second cupboard on the left\" Steven said pointing to the cupboard. Silently she went over to it and pulled out the box. \"So\" her father began as she turned back around to face him. \"So what\" Amy asked furrowing her brow at his question. \"Don't you have something to say to Rachel\" Steven asked and Amy rolled her eyes. Typical he has to side with her again she thought angrily he truly is blinded by love . \"Nope I don't think I do, I'm not in the mood for one of your lectures dad\" she said as she handed the girls a glass of water each and two aspirins and they took them gratefully. \"You know what you have to say Amelia\" he said and she spun back around to face him. She knew her father was serious when he used her full name. She hated it but at least it warned her about how much trouble she was actually in that was a positive. \"I didn't do anything wrong really, freedom of speech\" Amy merely said flopping down next to her sister's who were listening intently. \"Speech which I don't like in this house\" Steven said firmly to his eldest daughter. I can't understand why she's intent on causing so much trouble for me and Rachel whilst she's back here her father thought rubbing his hand across his face. \"Well there's someone I don't like in this house\" she said her eyes narrowed at the blonde who was sat behind Steven her eyes burning. \"I'm here to stay, no matter what you say Amy\" Rachel said pulling a smirk onto her face. \"Oh really well why\" Amy said as she began to lose her temper. Her voice began to rise but before she could continue Anna jumped up in front of her and pushed her back a little. She knew how easy her sister could blow, she had seen it and been on the recieving end of it many of time. When she blew her fuse she was a danger to everyone and even herself. \"Amy just leave it, come on just cool down\" Anna said her hand firmly on the girls shoulder. As much as she wanted Amy to give the blonde a good pasting she didn't want to see her sister get into a fight at this time in the morning. \"She's not worth it, come on let's go\" she said and pushed her little so her sister would move but she didn't. The youngsters eyes were on fire as she stared at the nurse. Every atom of her was screaming to jump forward and tear her limb from limb. \"Anna get out of my way\" Amy said through gritted teeth as her hands clenched tightly at her sides. She was trying her hardest to not sound harsh when she spoke to the youngest of the siblings but that was a lot easier said then done. I'm gonna kill her i swear to god Amy was screaming internally as her body tensed up her muscels constricting and contracting as the adrenaline pulsed through her veins. \"No! we're not moving, Amy come on\" Alex said as she too got up and started to usher her sister towards the back door. After a lot of forceful pushing finally Amy began to move, reluctantly, and just as they got to the door she turned around to look at the woman again. \"This is not over you hear me\" she spat pointing her finger at her menacingly. Rachel just kept that smug look on her face and this made Amy's fury increase. She was about to take a step back in into the house but Alex took a firm grasp of her slim wrist and yanked her backwards. Finally thought the two teens got their sister out the door. A tense silence were amongst the three as they slowly moved away from the house.\"Why did you do that\" Amy said spinning sharply looking at the two as they were walking down the drive. She kicked at the large metal bin solidly her anger getting the better of her. The two girls flinched at the sound and took a step back from their eldest sibling. God she is scary when she's angry Alex said to herself watching as her sister took out her anger on the bin. \"It wasn't the right time to confront her\" Anna spoke trying to keep her voice as soft and calming as possible as she and Alex walked behind her slowly. Amy turned around again and stopped to look at them. \"Well when will it be Anna, can you tell me that, because I don't know how much more of her I can take\" she said holding back her anger. She wasn't angry at them, they were only trying to help her. Like they always had done, always there to calm her down or be a shoulder to cry on. \"Tonight\" Anna said quickly understanding what her sister meant. Her fuse was a very short one and she could see the girl was teetering over the edge of breaking point. \"We'll stop her tonight\" she said once more to her sister. Amy nodded rubbing one hand across her head and sucking in a deep breath, finally this nightmare would be over. \"Okay\" Alex said from beside Anna. \"How we gonna do it\". \"Dad\" Anna said as she knocked on her father's study and took a step in. Turning in his seat he looked at her pulling off his glasses. \"Can I talk to you please\" she said closing the door behind her and walking over to where he was sat. Nervously she twiddled her thumbs in front of her. \"Sure, what's wrong\" he said looking at his youngest daughter. How she had changed in the last year. Gone was his sweet and innocent little girl. He didn't even know who she was anymore, his Anna would have never have tried to kill herself, no matter how hard things had gotten. \"It's about Rachel\" Anna said and her father rolled her eyes at this breaking his thoughts on how she had changed. The only thing they ever spoke about these days was Rachel. \"Anna I don't want to hear it\" he said turning his back on her and filing through the books on his wall. I can't understand why they hate her so much he thought to himself trying to drown out Anna's voice she hasn't done anything wrong . \"Look Dad please believe me, she isn't who she says she is she's been lying\" Anna said her voice filled with desperation. Why couldn't Alex do this part of the plan she said inwardly dad already hates me enough as it is without all this . But she knew that Amy would never be able to do it neither would Alex because the last few days had severed their bond completely. At least she had some hope with getting somewhere with him. \"Anna i don't have time for this, i'm leaving for a meeting in ten minutes\" Steven said as he busied himself with sorting out his briefcase. \"Dad just listen to me she's a liar, she's tricking you\" Anna said again her voice more forceful this time. She was fed up with her dad siding with Rachel. \"Rachel is my fiancée, i love her, we're getting married that's it Anna, look i'm going now i'll be back around midnight\" Steven said to his daughter as he walked past her not giving her another glance. It killed him to do that to his little girl but he didn't know how much more he could withstand. Anna leaned back against the desk in shock. Her heart felt like it was shattering into thousands of bits as he left the room. Rachel really did have him around her little finger. \"We tried Anna, that's all we could do\" Alex reassured squeezing her sister's hand gently. Anna nodded knowing that she was right. \"So next phase\" Amy began as she got to her feet. \"I'm gonna go get my keys for the car, once i've got them ready we can go and get the pearls but wait for me to come back, i'll be back in five minutes\" Amy said as she walked out of the entrance of the boathouse. \"Be careful in there on your own with her\" Anna said slightly scared for what Rachel could be up to. The woman surely was shifty and she was genuinely frightened of the worst case scenario. The thought of losing any of her sister's was one that was almost unbearable. \"Don't you worry about me\" Amy said winking at the two before hurrying up to the house. For some reason goosebumps had began to appear on her skin and she had a cold shiver run through her spine as she neared the house. Something isn't right she thought to herself as she almost arrived at the front door. \"I'm going up there, she's been gone twenty minutes now\" Anna said worriedly getting to her feet. Alex was behind her straight away. As soon as Amy had left the room she knew something was up, when danger was around any one of them she had the tendency to feel it. \"Okay let's go\" she said and the two sprinted up the path up to the house. Quietly they opened the front door and took silent steps in. Shutting it silently they listened for any sort of movement, but heard nothing except for the thumping of their hearts in their chest. Anna gulped and she could feel her heart pounding hard in her chest. Sweat laced both their brows as their worry for their sister increased. Where the hell is she Anna thought to herself as she looked around. Her eyes landed on an old vase which was shattered on the floor. Oh no! please no! she thought as the realisation of a struggle hit her. \"You go find Amy, I'm gonna try and get those pearls okay\" Alex whispered to her sister. Just as she was about to walk away Anna gripped her arm tightly. \"Are you sure it's the right thing to split up\" she said her voice low as her eyes managed to reach the vase once more. Alex followed her gaze and gulped as she saw what she was looking for. \"We've lost track of Amy, I don't wanna lose track of you as well\" Anna said her voice filled with worry. \"It's the only thing we can do at the moment, don't worry now, everythings gonna be fine\" Alex reassured trying to put on the best smile she could. Deep down though she was terrified. Terrified of what had happened to Amy. Terrified of what could happen to Anna. With one last look at each other the two split up Alex going upstairs and Anna scouring the down stairs. First she looked in the living room. Looking around she couldn't see anything out of place, and she definitely could not see Amy in there. She then slowly made her way through into the kitchen. The room was completely dark and just as she turned the light on her foot slipped on something wet and she hit the ground with a thud. Shaking herself off she was about to press herself off the ground when something caught her eye. Just under the table there lay Amy's car keys. Her eyes narrowed in confusion at why they were under there and she grabbed them quickly stuffing them into her pocket. She then turned her head to see what she had slipped on but once she saw what it was Anna wished she hadn't. Just where she had fallen there was a small puddle of blood. Her eyes widened in shock and her heart rate increased dramatically. Looking around the rest of the room she had to stop herself being sick. Blood was spattered across the floor and counters, the glass doors that separated the kitchen and patio were completely shattered and shards of glass littered the floor and a large empty syringe was amongst it. Swiftly she got to her feet and took in the scene around her. She felt as if she was in a trance. Her eyes were fixed on the blood pool, her sister's or Rachel's blood pool, though she didn't think it was the latters. Anna wanted to look away, but she found it impossible. Suddenly there was a loud thump upstairs and it shook her out of her reverie. Sucking in a deep breath she hastily made her way out of the kitchen and towards the stairs. Anna didn't know what to expect when she got to the top of the stairs. Would there be blood everywhere like there was in the kitchen?. Looking over at her dad's room she saw the door was slightly ajar and she crept ever so slowly over to it. Opening the door her eyes instantly zoomed in on the jewellery case on the dressing table. Anna opened it slowly but when she had done that she noticed that the pearls were not there. She shut it back down quietly and turned to search the room when from behind her she heard a cough. She whipped around and recoiled in shock as she saw Rachel stood there, her white top covered in blood and the pearls in her hand. Her nose had blood around it and was swollen and her lip was completely cut open. On the right side of her head she could also see where her hair had gone red and was matted with blood. \"Looking for these Anna\" she said as she held out the pearls in her hand. Anna gulped in shock. \"We know who you are Rachel, we know everything\" Anna said her courage increasing. More than likely she was the last one standing by now with Alex and Amy nowhere in sight. I have to do it for them she thought as she stiffened her posture. \"Oh you caught me\" she said her voice sickly sweet yet filled with menace. \"If you wanted the pearls you could have asked for them sweety, here take them\" she said and took a step forward. Anna looked at her and then at the pearls. She didn't know what to do. Amy and Alex would know what to do, why aren't they here, this is what they're good at she screamed at herself wishing to have her sisters with her more than anything. \"You can have them\" Rachel said again stretching her arm forward. Anna looked at the blonde's face once more and before she even knew her legs were moving she had gripped a hold of the pearls. But just as she pulled her hand back she realised that Rachel still had a grasp on them and yanked her back hard. Suddenly a syringe similar to the one that was in the kitchen was bearing down on her exposed arm and she tried to grab it with the other one. Just as Anna had pushed the syringe away though she felt herself being shoved back. Pain went through her body as it smashed hard against the dressing table. Her head hit the mirror hard and she fell to the floor in agony. Once again she could feel Rachel grab her arm and with her other one she grabbed one of the glass perfume bottles and smashed it across Rachel's head. The grip on her arm released and Rachel flew backwards. Taking a quick glance at the woman she could she blood beginning to flow down the side of her head. Anna kicked herself off the ground and grabbed the pearls running as fast she could to the door but Rachel caught her ankle and she went sprawling across the hallway. Hearing the other woman's footsteps behind her she got to her feet again and ran towards her room. She pushed the door but found that it was locked. Shaking the door knob frantically she tried to get in but found it impossible. \"I don't want to hurt you Anna\" she said her head tilted to one side. In her hand she still had the syringe. She continued to shake the door trying anything to get away from Rachel. Knowing it was pointless Anna began to back up slowly as she looked at the woman. Rachel lurched forward towards her and Anna spun on her heels bolting it into Alex's room and just as Rachel got there she slammed the door in her face and locked it. \"Open this door Anna\" she screamed loudly slamming her fists on it. Anna turned and her heart stopped at what was in front of her. \"Alex\" she said as she ran and slid to her knees next to the girl. \"Are you okay\" she said as she watched the girl's head loll unsteadily. \"She drugged me\" she slurred as she tried to move her muscles but found it impossible to do so. \"Come on we gotta get you out of here\" Anna said and went to lift the girl up but Alex pushed her away slightly. \"No you need to get to the police and get help, i'll be fine here\" Alex said to her sister. Anna shook her head wildly not liking the idea at all. Why does she expect me to leave her, I can't leave her she said to herself. \"I am not leaving you here\" Anna said her voice firm. How could Alex even ask her to do that. \"Yes you are, did you find Amy\" she said her voice even more slurred then before. Anna shook her head the feeling of dread in the pit of her stomach once more. \"No, but in the kitchen downstairs, i found blood, and there was lots of it Alex, i think something bad has happened to Amy\" Anna said her voice breaking in fear. Alex weakly grabbed her little sister's hand and squeezed it. \"Hey this is Amy we're talking about, she's probably fine yeah\" Alex said reassuringly. She didn't even want to think about the possibility that her sister wasn't. \"Now go and get help\" she said letting go of the girl. Rachel was still screaming and thumping on the door. \"I'll come back, i promise\" she said running a hand over her head. \"I love you\" she added and placed a small kiss to her forehead before getting to her feet and going towards the window. And with one last look at her sister who was now unconscious she jumped out of the window. Anna finally got down to the ground and sprinted fast across towards where Amy's car was park. Lights came on as the sensors activated themselves. Now she was completely visible. Finally she managed to get to the car and fumbled blindly with the keys as she tried to open it. Throwing the door open she jumped in slamming it shut and started the engine. The car revved to life and just as she was about to pull off Rachel appeared and was pounding on the window. The door was wrenched open and without thinking Anna was about to put her foot down, but just as she did that a sharp pain went through her neck and she could feel liquid being dispensed into her veins. The car jerked forwards and she could vaguely see Rachel fly from the side of the car and roll across the floor. Turning back to the driveway her vision began to get cloudy and her body felt weak. The car began to veer sideways dangerously close to clipping the trees. Everything began to move in slow motion until finally the car swerved straight off the driveway and into the trees. The car rolled over onto it's roof and Anna lay amongst the shattered glass trying to pull herself out but found her limbs rendered weak. A shadow fell across the side of the car and through her clouded vision she could make out Rachel's face. And finally the drugs took full effect and she succumbed to the dark abyss of unconsciousness. So what's gonna happen now, Rachel has got her hands on all three of them. Is their fate going to be the same as the last three children. Review if you liked guys.[Chapter 4] Rachel entered the house a limp Anna slung over her shoulder. For someone of her build she was surprisingly strong. Anna's head rolled about as she tried anyway she could to get away from Rachel but it was pointless. She could only watch as blurred lights and wallpaper went past her vision everything moving twice as slow. Any thought she had instantly disappeared as she was too weak to hold onto it. She could just about register the sickly taste of blood in her mouth and feel the hot liquid drip down the side of her face. She must have done it when the car crashed, though she couldn't be too sure. She couldn't be sure of anything at the moment. After what seemed like hours she felt herself fall through the air and land on a bed. Looking around she noticed that she wasn't in hers but in Alex's. \"Alex\" she said weakly somehow managing to find her voice even though it was barely above a whisper. \"Don't you worry about her Anna, she's right there\" Rachel said and she grabbed Anna's body and sat her upwards. On the floor she could make out Alex's still form, right the way she had left her. Rachel let her drop backwards and her back hit the soft mattress once more. \"Where's Amy\" she mumbled incoherently the worry for her other sister hitting her once more. \"Well i can't really say the same for her\" Rachel laughed as she sat on the edge of the bed next to Anna. \"What have you done to her\" came Alex's voice from the floor. Even in her drugged state it was filled with venom. She better not of hurt her Alex said to herself as she tried to move. Finally she could feel the effects wearing off now as she got more strength and movement in her limbs. \"Let's just say she put up a fight, but she couldn't stop the inevitable\" Rachel laughed as she walked over to Alex and kneeled down next to her. Gently she brushed the ahir out of Alex's face so she could see it clearly. \"No, no\" Anna whimpered from the bed. Rachel let out a loud laugh. Alex's body tensed up at her words. Please no she can't be gone Anna thought to herself trying to hold in the sob that was threatening to leave her lips. \"Oh yes yes\" she said sitting back down next to the girl. Gently she ran a hand over the girls head. Anna tried to move away from her touch but her limbs felt too heavy. \"I'm gonna kill you\" Alex yelled from the floor as she slowly started to get up. She succeeded in getting onto her knees as she regained feeling in her muscles but fell straight back down when Rachel's foot slammed into her arm which was supporting her weight. A loud crack was heard and Alex howled in pain. She knew that it was broken. \"Yeah right\" Rachel growled angrily at the girl. \"Leave her alone\" Anna said as she found some strength in her anger and rolled herself over. She tried as hard as she could to get herself off the bed but found it impossible. But she could tell the difference between now and five minutes ago, her arms and legs didn't feel as bandy as they did. Rachel just turned to look at her and laughed at her. \"Yeah like I'm going to do that\" Rachel said as she looked down at the girl who was clutching her arm in agony. She was about to say something again when a loud bang came from downstairs. The two girls heard it as well and both turned their attention to the doorway. Rachel growled angrily and picked up the knife. \"Don't you dare move\" she said waving the knife at them. \"Well it's not as if you can\" she grinned before leaving the room. As soon as she had gone Alex started to get up once more. Pain was stinging through her arm as she tried to put as little pressure on it as possible. Finally once she got to her feet she limped over to the bed next to Anna. \"Come on, let's go\" Alex said as she grabbed her sister and pulled her up but with one hand she couldn't support her weight. \"She killed her Al\" Anna whispered as tears slipped down her face. Alex laid her back on the bed and wiped them away. \"Shh calm down\" she said knowing that she would never be able to get her sister out of the room until the drugs had worn off a bit more. She held in her own tears but only for Anna's sake. She couldn't be dead, she just couldn't. Suddenly footsteps echoed down the hall and the two froze in fear. She held Anna's limp hand tightly. The steps got closer and closer until suddenly a bloody hand came around and grabbed a hold of the doorframe. Finally though a whole body came into sight and the two recoiled in shock. There in the doorway stood a battered and bloody Amy. \"We have to go now\" she said breathlessly one hand wrapped tightly around her waist as she took shaky steps into the room. Alex jumped up from the bed and grabbed the girl pulling her to her tightly. \"We thought you were dead, she told us you were dead\" Alex said as tears slipped down her face. \"I almost was\" she said before turning her attention to Anna. \"Come on kiddo, we gotta get you out of here but you're gonna have to help us okay\" Amy said as she kissed her sisters head softly and with her free hand she and Alex pulled her into a sitting position. \"Amy you're okay\" Anna said her voice filled with relief. Amy just put on the best smile she could muster but that was hard due to the excruciating pain her face was in. There was only small patches of skin visible beneath the blood soaked surface. Three large slices went down the side of her face and her lip was heavily split and swollen as was one of her eyes. \"What did she do to you\" Alex asked as she watched the other girls hand tighten around her waist once more. \"She caught me from behind, hit me across the head a few times but i got her too, next thing you know she was going at me with a knife, slashed me few times across the face and slashed my stomach, thankfully she didn't manage to stab me, next thing i knew there was a syringe sticking out of my neck and i was waking up in the basement\" Amy said as she winced at the pain in her stomach. Definitely a few broken ribs as well. \"Jesus\" Alex muttered as they readied Anna to stand. \"Right she'll be waking up soon, Just wait there, i'm gonna make sure the coast is c-\" she said as she stepped out of the room but before she could finish her sentence Rachel appeared from nowhere and plunged the knife that was in her hand deep into Amy's stomach. The force of it made Amy slam backwards into the wall her eyes wide in shock. Anna and Alex could only watch helplessly as the knife was ripped from their sister's body and she slid down the wall a long blood trail following behind her. Her hands trembled as she tried to stem the bleeding from her stomach. Rachel turned and spun the knife in her hand menacingly. \"One down\" she muttered as she looked at the two teenagers on the bed. Alex got to her feet and stood in front of Anna protectively. Looking over Rachel's shoulder she could see Amy slowly pushing herself up off the ground. \"Two to go\" Rachel said as she lunged towards Alex. Alex managed to get out of the way of the knife and punched Rachel hard in the face with her non broken arm. The woman spiralled backwards the knife flying from her hands. Once Rachel had gotten her bearings she went towards Alex but was stopped when Anna pushed herself off the bed and straight into her path. The two women clattered to the ground and Rachel quickly jumped on top of Anna slamming her hand into her face repeatedly in a frenzied rage. Just as Alex was about to jump on top of Rachel Amy got there first and grabbed Rachel by her top flinging her off Anna. \"Get out now\" Amy screamed at Alex as she gripped Rachel by her hair and slammed her head against the floor. \"What about you\" Alex said as she helped Anna off the floor. Her face too was covered in blood where her nose had been broken. She slung one arm around Alex's shoulders as she was still groggy from the drugs and Alex put one around her waist. \"Don't worry about me, just go\" Amy screamed as she grabbed Rachel once more and threw her across the room. Pain racked her small frame but she continued to fight nonetheless. The two youngsters looked at her none of them moving. \"Go\" Amy screamed over her shoulder and finally they scurried out of the room Alex gripping Anna tightly. \"That's for drugging my sister's\" Amy yelled as she slammed her foot into Rachel's face hard. \"That's for what you did to me\" she yelled again as she sent the blonde sprawling onto her back. \"And that's for killing my mom\" she yelled once more as she stamped on her stomach. She went to do it again when Rachel's hand shot out and grabbed her ankle pulling her off her feet and to the floor. \"Ahh\" she groaned as the pain in her body began to get too much. Rachel managed to get on top of Amy and she punched her solidly in the face then in the ribs and face again. Her body got weaker and weaker with every blow and stars danced dizzily in front of her eyes. She tried to fight the blonde woman but her body would not allow it. Suddenly though Rachel got to her feet at walked over to the door picking up the knife and she strolled menacingly back to the youngster who was lying completely helpless on the floor. She could just about make out Rachel stopping next to her side and falling onto her knees the knife still clutched tightly in her hand. As her head fell to the side something caught her attention. There not two feet away from her was a syringe. And it was unused. \"I warned you\" Rachel muttered her eyes like ice as she toyed with the knife in her hand. Amy slowly began to slide her hand across the floor and tried to grab a hold of the syringe. Anna and Alex stumbled out of the front door her arm still tightly around her younger sister's as the pushed themselves as far away from the house as possible. \"We shouldn't have left her in there, we need to help her Alex\" Anna said as she tried to pull away from her sister and go into the house but the grip around her waist was too strong. \"I know, but I can't let you go in there Anna\" Alex said as she held her sister tightly too her. She wanted to go back in to, to help out but she couldn't risk her little sister. \"I don't know why you didn't like me, i never did anything wrong\" Rachel said as she leaned right over Amy her face only inches from the youngsters blood soaked one. \"You were having an affair with my dad\" Amy growled her adrenaline starting to kick up more as she thought of all the reasons why she hated Rachel. \"You should have been looking after my mother, but instead you were screwing her husband\" she spat through gritted teeth as she finally got a grasp on the syringe and began pulling it towards her. \"I guess I couldn't help myself\" Rachel said simply her eyes alight in glee but in anger also. \"Ah you know I'm going to get Anna and Alex right, once I'm done with you right, just like i did to your mother\" she laughed in the girl's blood soaked face. Amy's face twisted into one of anger and she spat into Rachel's face her blood dripping off it. Rachel wiped the bloody saliva off of her face and with one last look of hatred she said. \"Sleep tight Amy\". And with that she brought the knife into the air and plunged it down into Amy's stomach but as she did this she felt a sharp sting in her neck and she realised that Amy had managed to get the syringe into her at the same time. Amy's eyes widened in pain as Rachel twisted the blade in the stomach. She tried to shout and to scream but her voice had disappeared. Above her she could see Rachel swaying side to side slightly and she pulled the knife out of Amy about to plunge it into her once more when she fell to one side her muscles weakening. \"I'm going in there Alex\" Anna said as she ripped away from her sister and headed towards the door. The drugs had completely worn off now and even though she was petrified she pushed on towards the house determined to save her sister. \"Wait Anna\" Alex said hurrying after her. \"Don't try and stop me\" Anna said as she reached for the door knob and pushed it open. \"I'm not going to stop you, I'm coming with you\" Alex said as the two crept into the house quietly. There was no sound to be heard coming from anywhere and this worried the girls. \"Ring the police and an ambulance\" Anna ordered and Alex picked up the phone next to the door and rang up the emergency services. Anna continued her way up the stairs her heart thundering in her chest. She didn't know what she might find when she got in there, who she might find. After the walk to the room which took agonisingly long Anna stopped just before it too frightened to walk around into the room. Sucking in a deep breath and rubbing her hands on her dress she stepped around. Her jaw fell down to the floor in shock. \"Amy\" she cried sprinting forward and falling to her knees next to her eldest sister. To her right lay Rachel the bloodied knife in her hand loosely flat on her back. \"You okay\" Amy whispered looking at her sister's own bloody face. Anna nodded as she stroked the hair back off of the girls face. \"Thanks to you\" she said putting her hand over the newest stab wound and trying to stem the bleeding. The wounds though were now bleeding profusely and stopping the blood was becoming increasingly difficult. \"No problem\" she answered weakly feeling her body begin to shut down. Everything was starting to go blurry and stars started dancing in front of her vision. \"Where's Alex\" Amy croaked noticing the her other sister wasn't there. \"Phoning an ambulance\" Anna cooed as she pressed down harder on the wounds. \"They're not going to get here in time\" Amy whispered as she felt her limbs become even heavier then they were. \"Don't say that, don't you dare say that\" Anna scolded not liking the way her sister was talking. She couldn't lose her, not now. She needed her. They all did. \"I can't fight it any longer Anna, it's too hard\" she muttered as she tried to focus her eyes. \"Please keep fighting Amy, i lost mom, I lost Matt, I cannot lose you as well\" Anna sobbed as she pulled her sister right up into her lap tightly. \"You haven't lost Alex, or dad, you'll have to hold on for them\" Amy said struggling to get her words out now. She grabbed one of Anna's hand and squeezed it gently. The pain it was causing her mentally was excruciating, she hated seeing her sister like that. \"But I'd be losing you\" Anna cried her voice breaking in heartbreak. She was giving up, Her stubborn sister was giving up. \"I love you yeah just remember that I love you kiddo\" she managed to get out before her breath suddenly hitched in her throat and her head lolled to the side and her body went limp in Anna's arms. Anna let out an agonising cry as she cradled the girl back and forth in her arms. Sirens roared in the background and she could hear Alex bounding across the landing and into the room. \"No, No, she's not\" Alex said as she looked at the scene of carnage in front of her. She slowly walked further into the room and fell to her knees next to the girls. \"No\" Alex cried as tears slipped down her face. Anna just nodded and buried her head in the girls chest. She was gone. So is she really gone or was she saved! All will be revealed next chapter peeps :D x[Chapter 5] Two weeks later . . . . Anna and Alex were walking through the graveyard slowly a bunch of flowers in their hand. Neither spoke as they made their way over to the gravestone which sat in the centre of the field. Both were dressed casually and they strolled slowly towards the stone. When they finally got there both kneeled down in front of it with glassy eyes. Anna lifted her hand and her fingers traced the soft grooves of the stone where her name had been carved into. She hadn't thought about her in a while surprisingly. Neither of them had with everything that had been going on. \"We miss you so much\" Alex said from beside her sister and she felt Anna's hand slip into her's and squeeze it lightly. \"Yeah we do\" Anna added looking down on the grave. Things hadn't been the same ever since. Ever since she had gone everything had changed. \"Brought you these\" Anna said holding up the flowers in her hand. \"Lillies, your favourite\" she said as she placed them in front of the headstone. \"Why did you have to leave\" she added as she looked at her sister dejectedly. \"It was her time Anna\" Alex said to her sister. She had taken it hard when they lost her but she stayed strong for Anna, she blocked everything out to protect her. \"She didn't deserve to go, why was her time so early\" Anna countered looking at her tanned sister once more. Alex didn't have an answer to that. It was something she wanted to know as well. Anna took a quick glance at her watch and sighed. \"We gotta go now\" she said to the headstone quietly and her hand once more brushed across the marble. \"We love you\" she said as the two girls got to their feet. Anna kissed the tips of her fingers and pressed them to the cold marble and sighed. \"We love you mom\" she said once more and the two girls walked away from their mothers grave slowly heading towards their dads car. Anna was sat in her room headphones stuck into her ears deep in thought. She thought about everything. Everything that had happened in the past. Everything that will happen in the future. About the people around her. A loud knock on her door snapped her out of her reverie and she beckoned for them to come in. But she was shocked at who had walked in. \"Hey kiddo\" Amy said as she shut the door behind her and walked over to Anna on the bed. Before she even knew what was happening Anna was right in front of her arms squeezing her tightly. \"Woah watch it, i'm still sore you know\" Amy said and Anna instantly released her grip and began muttering apologies. \"I didn't think you were coming home from the hospital till next week\" Anna said looking at her sister in shock. She could easily see how bruised and cut her face was still. \"I was meant to be, but I convinced them that I would recover better at home\" Amy smiled and she sat down on the bed next to her sister. Anna just smiled and rested her head on the girls shoulder. \"I'm glad, I've missed you\" Anna said softly to her injured sibling. Amy slid one arm around Anna's shoulder and pulled her into her side firmly. Anna's arm went around her back and rested gently around her waist. \"I missed you too Midge\" she laughed referring to her sister's nickname which mocked her height. Anna just narrowed her eyes but a small laugh emitted from her mouth. As much as she hated the name it was good to hear it. \"Does Alex know you're here\" Anna said lifting her head and looking up at Amy. Amy nodded. \"Yeah she caught me when I was on my way in, I'm surprised you couldn't hear her screaming\" she giggled remembering her sister's excitement at her being back with them. \"I can imagine\" Anna laughed as well as she buried herself closer into her sister. She could remember the last time she had been this close to her sister. Had been holding her. She could vaguely register herself falling down next to Amy and trying to help the girl. \"I can't fight it any longer Anna, it's too hard\" she remembered her saying her voice strained. Millions of thoughts were racing through her head as Amy said those words. Words she never thought the girl would ever say. \"Please keep fighting Amy, i lost mom, I lost Matt, I cannot lose you as well\" the fear that was seeping through her bones and her veins was unbearable. She couldn't lose anymore people. Especially not her sister. \"You haven't lost Alex, or dad, you'll have to hold on for them\". What was she saying. It had to be the blood loss, just delirious that's all. How could she be such a hypocrite. \"But I'd be losing you\" She could remember screaming those words her heart shattering into thousands of pieces as her sister prepared herself for what was to come. But it was impossible for Anna to do. Impossible to think of a life without her. And the words that really did burn her heart to ashes came out of Amy's cracked and bloodied lips. \"I love you yeah just remember that I love you kiddo\". And then she was gone. Just like that her body gave up and she had died, right there in her arms. The pain that was shooting through her was intolerable and she let out a loud cry of anguish. She could remember Alex come into the room and breaking down next to her as well. Then more footsteps were heard and before she could even fight them the paramedics were prying her away from Amy trying their hardest to save the girl. \"Shocking 300\" one of the paramedics said and an electric current zapped through Amy's body. Everytime they did this Anna could feel it go through her as well. She could feel the stab that was pushing the life back into her sister. Finally after five minutes of trying a heartbeat was registered on the small monitor the paramedics had and they quickly whisked her off to the ambulance. The ride there took forever as Anna and Alex huddled next to her whilst the paramedics looked over their wounds. The rest was a blur. Amy had disappeared into theatre. Doctors came and went most with no news on their sister. Their father turned up and began to break down in shock. And she couldn't even touch him. Couldn't comfort him for his pain, because it was his fault that this was happening to them all. If he had only believed them. \"Anna, hey you okay\" Amy said waving her hand in Anna's face. The girl instantly snapped out of her memory and gave her sister another hug just to make sure that she was really there. \"Never better\" she grinned as she held onto her sister tightly but not too hard because of the injuries. After around five minutes of the two just sitting there Amy spoke once more. \"So how has things been around here whilst I was in hospital\" Amy asked and Anna turned to look at her. \"Been better\" she said sullenly as she thought of the transition the place and the people had gone through. \"Alex is finally back into her own room now that it's been cleaned\" Anna said as she looked through the door that led to her sister's room. \"But she's still staying in here with me\" she added. Amy completely understood why she slept in with her sister. They'd been through something traumatic and they needed each other. \"Have you spoken to dad since it happened\" Amy said wondering what the situation was between the two. Anna shook her head side to side. \"Not really, we've made small talk you know like what do you want to eat and all that but not really\" Anna said shrugging her shoulders. She still hadn't come to forgive her father. She knew it wasn't completely his fault but she couldn't help but hold some resentment for him. \"Anna you need to talk to him\" Amy said looking down at her little sister. \"He feels bad enough about this as it is without his kids hating him, I've forgiven him because I know that Rachel had him wrapped around her little finger, you know he didn't think I heard him breaking down at my bedside last week\" Amy said and Anna's eyes widened slightly in shock. \"He thought I was out cold but I was wide awake, and he cried his eyes out, saying how sorry he was, and how he should have believed us over her, that as well as losing his wife he was that close to losing his kids\" Amy said trying to coerce Anna into actually talking to their father. \"Really\" Anna said listening intently to her words. She hadn't seen her father show much emotion over the past two weeks and this had really hit her for ten. \"Yeah, so please just try to talk to him, tell him how you're feeling, but don't blame him any longer, because he's suffering as much as we are\" Amy said squeezing the girl shoulder on which her hand was on. \"I suppose I can at least try\" Anna conceded knowing that she would have to have it out with her father sooner or later. \"Good\" Amy said smiling at her sister. She wanted peace in the house not conflict. There had been enough conflict already. \"Oh and by the way\" Amy said to her sister her gaze a little harder. \"Thanks for wrapping my car around a tree\" she laughed as she thought of her trashed car which was currently being repaired. Anna held her hands up in mock defeat. \"Sorry about that\" she said back knowing that it was all meant in light heartedness. Amy smiled lightly. She didn't care about the car. The only thing she cared about concerning the car was her sister. Anna walked slowly down the stairs and into the living room where she knew her father would be sat. She stopped at the doorway her breath hitching in her throat. She didn't know what she would say, she hadn't really planned anything in advance. \"Dad\" Anna said quietly as she took slow steps into the room. Her father turned in his seat and looked at her. It was the first word she had said to him in a while. \"Hey Anna\" he answered back pulling of his glasses and placing them down on the table in front of him. \"What's up\" he asked softly looking up at his youngest girl. \"Dad, i just\" she began but her words got lodged in her throat. When did they get like this? That they couldn't talk the way they used too?. \"I just wanna say that, I'm sorry\" she said biting her lip hard trying to stop the tears that were threatening to fall any second. \"Anna honey you have nothing to be sorry for\" he said quickly jumping to his feet and walking over to her. He dropped one hand on her shoulder and squeezed it gently. \"But I do dad, I took everything out on you, when I slit my wrists I pointed the finger at you, when mom died I took it out on you and you didn't deserve it, and I really am sorry\" she said her voice breaking and finally the tears fell from her large brown eyes. Steven quickly took a hold of his daughter in his arms and held her tightly as she wept. Tears of his own were beginning to fall as he clutched her tightly never wanting to let go. His daughter had come back to him. \"Hey kiddo\" Amy called from her room and Anna skipped on still happy every time she saw her sister sat there alive and breathing. \"What's up Ames\" she asked as she laid herself down on the bed next to her eldest sister. \"Nothing\" she said back gingerly rolling over onto her side to look at the youngest sibling. \"Just wondering how It went with dad?\" she said placing one arm over her waist and one under her head trying to get herself comfy. \"It was good\" she said back with a small smile. \"We've sorted it all\" she added relief swimming her body everytime she thought of the conversation. \"Good, we need to start getting back to normal I think\" Amy said with a grin and Anna nodded her head and rolled over so she was tucked in tightly to her sister's body. Amy moved her arm over Anna and cuddled her lightly. She knew the girl was still hurting. Hell they all were. \"How can we ever be normal again?\" she replied to Amy who's head was resting on her's. For the first time in her life she didn't have a clue how to answer it. \"We're just gonna have to try I think\" Amy answered simply. She wished she knew the answer to put her sisters mind at ease but it was impossible to know the future. Anna didn't reply and the two fell into a comforting silence as they both lay there pondering their thoughts. Before the two knew it they had both dropped off to sleep. Amy due to her pain medication and Anna due to the emotional trauma of the day. Alex walked into Amy's room to find her two sisters sound asleep on the bed Anna cuddled into Amy's side and the elder girls arm around her protectively. She smiled at the sight. Something she thought she would ever see again. As quietly as she could she crawled onto the bed next to them. Amy rolled over a little and opened her eyes to look at her other sister who was on the opposite side of her so she was now sandwiched in between the two younger Ivers. \"Hey\" she said her voice rather hoarse as she had been asleep. \"Hey, sorry did I wake you?\" Alex asked apologetically as she looked at her sister the girls hair all over the place. \"Nah it's alright I wasn't in a deep sleep anyway\" she said back with a small smile on her pretty yet bruised face. \"Where have you been?\" she asked softly wondering where her sister had disappeared all day. \"Just into town to get a few things\" she said back quietly as to not to disturb Anna who was snoring quietly. \"She looks comfy\" Alex spoke with a light laugh as she looked at the girl. \"Yeah she is I think\" Amy said as she brushed a stray strand of hair off of the youngsters face. \"We're gonna be okay, you know that right\" Amy said looking at the tanned girl next to her. Alex nodded her head. \"I hope so\" she said her voice filled with weariness. She really didn't know what their futures would bring to them. \"Hey none of that hope so you, we will be\" she said her voice a little firmer and Alex nodded once more trying to make the words sink in. \"Okay\" she conceded trying to take the advice given to her. \"So when you going back?\" Alex said her voice low and Amy could hear the distress in it. \"I don't know\" Amy said wit a light shrug. \"But I'm thinking never, I mean I can't leave you two to run amuck here now can I\" she chuckled lightly with a grin. Alex's eyes lit up her words. \"So you're really gonna stay here with us again?\" Alex added just to make sure she had heard the girls words correctly. \"Yeah I am, got nothing keeping me from here now have I\" she smirked and she couldn't help but laugh at the bonecrushing hug Alex pulled her into. She lifted her arm and placed it around Alex's shoulders so she now had an arm around both her siblings. \"Did I hear that right?\" came Anna's muffled voice to her right. The two girls smiled and Amy squeezed her lightly. \"Yeah you heard right kiddo\" she grinned planting a kiss on the top of her head and then doing the same with Alex. \"I'm back for good now\" she smiled as she shut her eyes to fall asleep once more her two sisters following suit. And she knew. They all knew. That as long as they had each other that nothing could touch them. Though that theory was about to be tested a lot faster than they expected. So there we are guys. Finished. I do hope you enjoyed and I'm planning on doing a sequel to this. So let me know your thoughts and thank you so much for the support as much as I screwed you lot over with my unreliable updates haaa. Thanks you guys. ","Summary":" So basically Alex never died in the fire, only her mother did, Rachel was the one who started the f"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"An unexpected terror","Author":"roseDB","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5314814","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Authors note: Helloneveryone! Just wanted to let you now in this Uninvited fanfic, Annanactually never had a sister, but her mother is still dead; though thenfire actually was an accident. Anna has also been back from thenmental hospital for a month. 'Anna?' StephennIvers questioned his daughter. 'Rachel and I have to talk to you.'nHe said joining Rachel on the sofa. Anna made a confused face and satnon the chair farthest away from them. 'We have some good news,nAnna.' Rachel piped up with a smile on her evil face. 'What isnit?' Anna said unenthusiastically. 'Were getting married.' Annandidn't say anything, she just looked shocked. So he continued.n'It's going to be on October first.' He said looking at Annanfor a response. 'And you call that GOOD news?!' Anna saidnstorming out of the room and up the stairs to her room. She ran into her room,nforgetting to shut the door. Anna sank onto the floor, crying. Before even a fewnminutes in her room, Rachel came up. She stood in the doorway.n'Anna.' She said gently. Anna just stood up and walked into hernbathroom, slamming the door. Rachel walked over to the door; Annancould see her through the blurred glass. 'Anna? Please let menin so we can talk. I don't want this to be a bad thing for you.' Rachel told her. 'Rachel, please gonaway.' 'Anna, I know you'rensaid about what happened to your mom.' 'Yes! I am! Oh, bynthe way, I know about the affair you and my dad were having before mynmom died!' Rachel was taken aback.n'Anna, remember what I told you about, how we all have things innour past that were ashamed of? And that sometimes it's best to justnlet go?' 'Well, whatever. Indon't care.' 'I don't want to benthe evil stepmother, Anna. I want to be the nice one who you can talknto.' 'I will never talk tonyou about my problems, Rachel! You're not my mother!' 'I'm not trying tontake the place of you're mom, Anna. I think you're mom would benhappy that there was another woman looking after you, especiallynsomeone she trusts.' 'Who said my mothernever trusted you?' 'Well, I was hernnurse, Anna.' 'Rachel I don'tnwant to talk to you right now. Leave me alone.' 'Okay, Anna. Will youncome down for dinner tonight?' 'Definitely not.' 'Well, I'll come upnanyways to ask you.' 'It will be wastes ofnyou're time.' 'I'll see younlater, Anna.' She said gently then left. Rachel walkedndownstairs. 'How did that go?' Stephen said putting his armnaround his new fiancée. 'Not well. I have a feeling this will benhard.' Rachel said. At around six, Rachelnknocked on Anna's door. When she didn't hear her voice, shenwalked in and found Anna asleep on her bed. There was a Kleenex boxnunder Anna's arm, and a mound of tissues surrounding her. Rachelngot rid of them quietly then left.[Chapter 2] Anna Ivers woke up withna sick feeling in her stomach. Rachel was going to be her stepmother.nShe couldn't believe her father would do this! Her mother just diedn10 months ago. She knew about her father and Rachel's affair, butnshe hadn't said anything until now, when she and Rachel werenfighting yesterday. Well, mostly Anna was doing the fighting part. nRachel was just giving her the step parent speech. Rachel and Stephen wereneating breakfast in the kitchen. 'So, I was thinking that we couldninvite a few people for dinner tomorrow night.' Stephen said tonRachel. 'That would be fun,nbut what about Anna? That might just make her even more upset aboutnthis whole thing.' Rachel thought aloud. 'Oh, don't worry aboutnAnna. She will adjust eventually.' He said putting his hand overnRachel's. 'I hope so.' Later that day, Rachelnwent up to see Anna, and to tell her about the dinner party;nhopefully it would brighten her mood. 'Anna?' she said throughnthe door. \"What?' Anna saidnrudely. 'Can I come in?' 'If you want.' Rachel opened the door. 'Are you feelingnany better today?' 'Not really.' 'Well, I came to tellnyou that tomorrow that we invited some people up.' 'Like what people?' 'Like people fromnyour family and from mine. Their excited to meet you, Anna.' 'Oh, no wondernexcited to meet the ex- mental patient who slit her wrists. 'Anna they probablyndon't even know about that. And that's done and over with.' 'I'm sure you'ventold them Rachel. And anyway, I don't care. It is done and overnwith. But it's too bad they won't meet me. I'll be in my roomnthe entire time.' 'Anna, please justngive it a chance. You're father and I would love to see you out ofnyour room.' 'Oh I was out of mynroom. Last night when you were sleeping. And you might see mentonight, I'm going to a party, and I have to go out the front doornto get there.' 'Party? Who's?' 'I have no clue. Somenchick I know from school.' 'Well, you can go,nbut don't drink, and you can't be home too late.' 'I am going to drink;nI don't give a damn what you tell me to do.' Anna stood up acrossnthe room from Rachel defensively. 'Do have someone tontake you?' 'Matt's driving.' 'Well okay.' 'Okay, Rachel, youncan leave now.' 'You can come downnfor dinner tonight; you need to eat, Anna.' She said walking out. 'Bitch.' Anna said.[Chapter 3] The next day, Anna wasntired from the party she went to, and Rachel was getting the housenready for that night. To Rachel's surprise, Anna actually walkedndown the stairs and into the kitchen. She had obviously just wokennup. 'Well, good afternoon, Anna. It's good to see you out of yournroom.' Rachel said smiling. Anna said nothing and just opened thencupboard I got the Advil. 'So, I assumed you had some drinks lastnnight?' Rachel askedndisappointed. 'Yes, Rachel, I did.' But I'll be fine forntonight. Seeing as I'm not going.' Anna said swallowing thenpills. 'Yes Anna, you are. I will get you downstairs kicking andnscreaming if I have to.' Rachel said. 'Well, you're going tonhave to then, Rach.' Anna said with a challenge for Rachel. Later that day, Annanwas waiting for Rachel to come up and take her kicking and screaming.[Chapter 4] That night, it was justnas, or even more boring than Anna thought it would be. It was just hernannoying cousins and family, and Rachel's family who were ever sonexcited to meet her. When Anna had had enough she went into thenkitchen and sat on the counter. She was suddenly distracted by thencuts on her wrists. It was odd; she never thought much about them.nThen, she heard the door to the kitchen open. Rachel stood at thenthreshold. 'Anna, what are you doing?' She asked walking into thenroom and standing in front of her. 'Oh, well I'm just tired ofnpeople staring at my wrists, so I came in here.' Anna said just staringnat her. 'Anna, I'm sick ofnus fighting. Please, can we at least try to get along?' 'Rachel! If younhaven't noticed, I don't want to get along. I am so mad that mynfather is getting re married. Especially that my mother died 10nmonths ago, and he marrying my mothers nurse! Wouldn't you be madnat that?' 'But me and you'renfather really love each other! I don't want to take place of yournmom. I just want to be there for you. I'm going to be you're stepnmom. You're mom would be happy that there is someone taking thatnrole for you! 'I don't want anstep mom! I just want my real mom back.' A tear slid down Anna'sncheek as she got off the counter. Anna walked for thendoor, when Rachel said 'Anna. Please you can talk to me if you neednit.' Rachel said. 'I'm going to bed.'nAnna said as she left the room. Rachel just stood therenfor a minute. She might actually be getting somewhere with Anna. Shentalked about her mom, that was a good sign. Rachel was scared aboutnhow Anna would react when she told her she had to go back to thenmental hospital to be evaluated. No, it wasn't becausenher attitude. It was because it was custom.[Chapter 5] The day finally came when Anna had to go back to the mental hospital. Her father had told her the day before. She was still mad at him; but this just put them on even worse terms. 'Anna?' Rachel said through her door. 'Anna, are you coming downstairs? We have to leave now.' She said in a kind voice. 'Do actually thing I'm going to go back there, Rachel?' she said defensively. Rachel opened the door. 'Anna. Please. Their not going to do anything to you. They just want to see how you're doing.' Rachel said. Anna said nothing. 'If you don't come down, I'll have to get your father up here to carry you.' She said. 'Fine. But that's only because I don't want him touching me.' Anna said knowing he had probably been touching Rachel. She got up and walked down stairs with Rachel. She said nothing, but just walked out the front door into the car. 'Well that was fast.' Stephen said kissing Rachel. After about forty five minutes in the car, they pulled around the corner; and Anna could feel her heart popping out of her chest. 'I can't go in there.' Anna said hyperventilating. 'It'll be fine, sweetie.' Rachel said. They pulled into a parking spot and Rachel and Stephen both got out but Anna stayed in. Stephen opened her door. 'Come on, Anna. You'll be fine, I promise.' He said. Anna slowly unbuckled the seatbelt with shaking hands. She walked in the hospital and it felt like a nightmare she was re-living. They got into the elevator. 'Anna you're shaking. You like you're going to faint.' Rachel said. She felt her arm behind her back. She really did think she would faint. Maybe Rachel was right too, the elevator doors opened and Anna felt herself losing consciousness. Everything went black and she collapsed into Rachel's arms. She woke up and was strapped on to a bed. 'She's up' Stephen said. 'You okay sweetie?' he asked her. 'Do I look okay?' she said. Anna started to struggle. Two nurses came in and gave her a needle. Anna screamed. Once again blackness gripped her body as she fell into a drug induced sleep.[Chapter 6] It was a sunny day in late august. Anna was sitting in the pews of a church. All around her were friends, family, and her father and Rachel's friends. She was wearing a dress, she didn't know why. She looked up, her father was wearing a suit, and he was standing at the front of the church. Why was he there? Then Anna heard the wedding march. She looked questioningly at her father. She looked down the aisle and guess who was walking down it? Rachel. Anna woke up in her bed. Her heart was pounding. 'Thank god. Thank god. It was just a dream, Anna. Everything is alright.' She thought to herself. But no. everything wasn't alright. The nightmare she just had was going to be a reality! Just then Rachel walked in. 'Anna, sweetie, your awake! I was just coming up to check on you. How are you feeling?' Rachel said sweetly. 'I just went back to hell, how do you think I'm feeling.' Anna asked. 'Its not hell, they just want to help you.' Rachel said sitting beside Anna on her bed. 'Can we talk, Anna? I think we should. Without fighting.' Rachel asked. 'Fine.' Anna mumbled. 'Alright, so I know you're mad about me marrying your father. And I know you know that your father and I were having an affair. And I'm sorry about that. But I love your dad. And even if you don't think he loves you, he does.' Rachel said. 'he clearly doesn't love me, because if he did, he wouldn't have cheated on my mom. I cant believe he could be so shallow to do that. Cheat on his sick and dying wife? And you knew that too Rachel. So you are just as bad as he is.' Anna said. 'he does love you. When you were away, he was so sad, and he wanted you back. He missed you.' Rachel said. 'No, he didn't really miss me. He just wanted me back so you two could get married and start some kind of god damn family. That is never going to happen, I don't understand why I couldn't have just died in the fire with my mom, and not have had to deal with this shit.' Anna said, he voice shaky. 'Do you really think that? Anna, I don't want to be your mother. I want to look after you. I know I cant replace her.' Rachel said, standing. 'I'm going to get your father. He wants to see you, sweetie. If there's anything you need at all, let me know.' She said leaving. When she left, Anna didn't know what to think. Rachel tried so hard to be nice, Anna did not want Rachel to be her step mother. How could her dad do this to her? She didn't know, but she was going to just stop talking to them completely. *** Hey everyone! After a LONG time without updating, here is chapter 6! Please review and tell me what you think. I will update soon! ","Summary":" Authors note: Helloneveryone! Just wanted to let you now in this Uninvited fanfic, Annanactually ne"},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Parallel Universe","Author":"Synonyma","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12616727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: Je ne prétends pas connaître les horreurs vécues par les anciens combattants et cette fiction ne se veut pas être un manque de respect. Ah et les personnages appartiennent à maître Nolan, l'un des meilleurs réalisateurs ever (oui je fangirlise XD ). Notes: Je voulais juste que Gibson survive. Que quelqu'un retourne le chercher pendant qu'il se noyait. Alors je me suis fait plaisir ! Il n'y avait plus rien à faire. Même s'ils tentaient de boucher les nombreux trous percés par les avions nazis, les dommages étaient devenus trop graves pour qu'ils puissent réussir à sauver le bateau. Ils devaient quitter ce navire au plus vite. Gibson tentait encore de sauver l'épave alors que presque tous les autres étaient sortis de la cale inondée. Alex poussa Tommy vers les escaliers avant d'empoigner violemment Gibson par les épaules en criant \" come on let's go! \" . Sa compréhension de la langue anglaise n'était pas encore tout à fait au point malgré qu'il ait passé la dernière semaine en compagnie de soldats britanniques, mais il ne lui en fallut pas plus pour comprendre qu'il était temps de partir. Il laissa Alex passer devant lui avant de se mettre à le suivre. Lorsqu'il voulut monter le petit escalier qui menait à l'extérieur de la cale, il se rendit rapidement compte qu'il était maintenu par quelque chose qui refusait de le laisser partir. Il avait beau tirer de toutes ses forces vers l'avant, mais ses doigts ne parvenaient même pas à toucher l'escalier de bois. Gibson voulut crier à l'aide, mais l'eau le submergeait déjà, couvrant sa bouche et son nez. Le cœur battant, il continuait de battre ses pieds sur le sol du bateau englouti, mais ses bottes ne faisaient que glisser sur la surface trempée. Ses bras continuaient de se battre dans l'eau, mais tous les gestes qu'il faisait étaient vains. Plus il paniquait et plus son énergie vitale diminuait. La bouche grande ouverte, il avalait des litres d'eau salée qui lui brulaient l'œsophage. Ses poumons réclamaient de l'air et ils lui faisaient tellement mal qu'il avait l'impression qu'ils pourraient exploser à tous instants. Bientôt, il n'eut même plus la force d'essayer d'attraper l'escalier. Il se rendit à l'évidence. Il était coincé et les autres ne s'étaient pas aperçus de son absence. Après tout, qui allait risquer sa vie pour venir sauver celle d'un Frog , d'un soldat français qui avait quitté son armée pour fuir les atrocités de Dunkerque ? Personne. Les yeux encore grands ouverts, il ne voyait plus que l'obscurité de cale et les caisses de bois et autres objets qui commençaient à flotter doucement autour de lui. Dans sa tête, il revivait les derniers mois de sa jeune vie en accélérer. Il se revoyait rejoindre les rangs de l'armée française parce qu'il voulait que la folie hitlérienne s'arrête. Il revoyait les larmes sur le visage de sa mère lorsqu'il lui avait annoncé la nouvelle. Il revoyait ses camarades tombés au combat sous les feux meurtriers des Allemands. Puis Dunkerque et sa folie. La plage, le cadavre du soldat britannique et Tommy. Tommy qui s'accrochait avec lui en dessous du quai en attendant une nouvelle occasion pour quitter cette plage maudite. Tommy lui donnait une gourde d'eau. Tommy qui lui souriait. Tommy à qui il jetait une corde dans l'eau pour qu'il puisse suivre la barque. Tommy qui le défendait face à Alex qui était prêt à le jeter à l'eau pour sauver les autres mates . Gibson ferma les yeux et laissa ses bras flotter au gré de l'eau. Il sentit quelque chose tirer ses vêtements dans son dos, mais il était trop léthargique pour faire quoi que ce soit. Bientôt, une force mystérieuse le propulsa vers l'avant et la seconde d'ensuite il sentit ses narines et sa bouche être libérés de l'emprise de l'eau. Il ouvrit les yeux brusquement avant de recracher une bonne tasse d'eau et de prendre une grande inspiration. Il se trouvait toujours dans l'eau, mais il était hors du bateau. À moins d'un mètre de lui se trouvait Tommy qui nageait vers un autre bateau qui se trouvait assez loin, mais qui semblait venir dans leur direction. Plus près d'eux, il y avait un énorme paquebot qui ne semblait pas être en bon état. Malgré son manque de vitalité flagrant, Gibson remarqua plusieurs hommes sauter par-dessus bord tandis que le bateau était penché d'un drôle d'angle. \" Come on you fucking frog, follow him! I didn't return in this bloody boat for nothing! \" Gibson reconnut aussitôt la voix d'Alex malgré ses oreilles bouchées et les nombreux bruits environnants. Il se trouvait juste derrière lui et il lui jetait un regard noir. Le même qu'il lui avait fait quinze minutes plus tôt. De manière instinctive, Gibson se mit à nager dans la même direction que Tommy alors que d'autres soldats faisaient de même. Tous semblaient vouloir embarquer sur le bateau blanc qui flottait doucement comme un mirage au milieu de tout cet enfer. Le visage maculé d'huile noire et le souffle court, Gibson nageait le plus rapidement possible. Bien qu'il n'osait pas regarder le paquebot qui coulait à plusieurs mètres de lui, les bruits qu'il entendait ne laissaient rien présager de bon. Gibson, Tommy, Alex et d'autres hommes chanceux se firent embarquer à bord du nouveau navire qui était déjà plein à craquer avant qu'une explosion retentisse sur la mer huileuse. Un puissant feu prit naissance au-dessus de l'eau, un spectacle à la fois étonnant et terrifiant. Les cris de ceux qui se retrouvaient prisonniers de ce brasier infernal leur parvenaient sans peine et Gibson ressentit une immense pitié. Ils n'eurent cependant pas le temps d'en voir davantage puisqu'ils furent conduits dans la cale par un jeune homme blond qui indiquait aux soldats où se placer. Le voyage jusqu'à la marina se fit en silence. Les hommes étaient fatigués, trempés, sales et complètement dépassés par les événements. Assis entre Alex et Tommy, Gibson profitait de leur chaleur corporelle pour se réchauffer un peu. Il n'arrivait pas à croire qu'il avait finalement réussi à échapper à Dunkerque. Il avait souvent frôlé la mort durant cette dernière semaine, mais il avait réussi à survivre malgré tout et il s'estimait plus que chanceux. Il faisait déjà nuit lorsque le bateau s'arrêta au port. Un à un, les soldats sortirent du navire en gratifiant les hommes qui les avaient sauvés d'un mot ou d'un geste significatif. Comme à sa bonne habitude, Gibson suivit Tommy et Alex de près. \" You should stay here with them \" , fit Alex en pointant l'homme d'une cinquantaine d'années et le plus jeune. Incertain d'avoir compris ce qu'Alex voulait dire, Gibson regarda Tommy. Ce dernier secoua la tête. \" I don't think that's a good idea. \" \" Why the hell not? He's a frog for fuck's sake! He can't stay with us! \" fit Alex à mi-voix. \" I know but what's gonna happen to him once he's back in France? \" \" He'll go home, I guess. I don't care! He just can't stay with us! \" \" He saves our lives many times Alex… I think we kinda own him… \" \" Own him?! Really?! We just got back in that bloody ship to save his frog's ass! You don't think that's enough? He's the one who choose to left his companions behind, so he's the one who's gonna have to live with this responsibility, not us! \" Les yeux de Gibson alternaient entre les deux soldats. Il savait (ou du moins, se doutait fortement) qu'ils parlaient de lui et de ce qu'il allait advenir de sa personne. Si la voix d'Alex était remplie de frustration et de colère, celle de Tommy demeurait calme et compatissante. Ce dernier ne quittait pas Gibson des yeux comme s'il attendait qu'il dise quelque chose. Bien qu'il fût incapable de prendre part à cette conversation, il ne pouvait pas retourner en France. Du moins, pas tant et aussi longtemps que la guerre n'était pas terminée. Il refusait catégoriquement d'être contraint à vivre sous le régime de Vichy qu'il n'acceptait pas. Il pourrait rejoindre la Résistance, mais étant donné son statut de soldat déserteur, Gibson n'était pas certain d'être le bienvenu. Pour le moment, son nom devait être sur la liste des soldats porté disparu ce qui le mettait dans une position sûre, mais il ignorait quel serait son futur s'il retournait en France. En dépit de son choix de partir plus tôt de Dunkerque, sa véritable place était dans l'armée française. Il était parti uniquement parce qu'il avait eu peur, parce qu'il en avait eu marre d'attendre que les Anglais viennent les sauver à leur tour. Les hommes avaient eu la mission de tenir la ville face aux Allemands pendant que les Anglais se faisaient sauver par Winston Churchill, mais Gibson n'avait pas tenu. Il comptait tout de même continuer à se battre. Il se faisait la promesse solennelle de ne plus jamais flancher. S'il avait survécu à l'horreur de Dunkerque, il était capable de survivre à tout. Il en était persuadé. \" Gibson… What do you want to do?\" demanda Tommy d'une voix calme. \" Do you want to come with us or you want to go with them? \" Son index pointa l'homme du bateau et son fils qui regardaient les soldats qui continuaient à son sortir de la cale. \" He doesn't understand you anyway. Come on. We gonna miss the train. \" Alex passa son bras autour des épaules de Tommy avant de l'entraîner avec lui dans la direction opposée. Bien qu'il se laissa tirer par son ami, Tommy jeta un regard par-dessus son épaule. Gibson demeurait immobile parmi la foule de jeunes vétérans qui prenaient tous la direction du train. Son cœur était tiraillé entre l'option de suivre Tommy ou bien de recommencer à zéro en retournant dans son pays natal. S'il retournait en France, il savait qu'il ne pourrait revoir sa mère de sitôt et qu'il devrait se cacher. S'il poursuivait la guerre, ce serait aux côtés d'Anglais qui ne connaîtraient jamais sa véritable identité et qui le prendraient pour un homme muet. Ça, c'était dans le cas où Alex et Tommy acceptaient de préserver sa nationalité jusqu'à la toute fin. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il ne vit plus ses deux compagnons habituels que Gibson se mit à courir pour aller les rejoindre. Passant l'étape des différents kiosques qui offraient des objets, de la nourriture ou de l'eau, il zigzagua parmi la foule jusqu'à ce qu'il parvienne à repérer les deux jeunes hommes. Il s'immisça entre eux avant de passer un bras autour des épaules de Tommy et l'autre autour des épaules d'Alex avec un sourire. Surpris, les deux autres lui jetèrent un regard. \" So you made your decision… Welcome aboard! \" fit Tommy en lui souriant. Alex n'avait pas l'air aussi content que son camarade. \" Stay alive this time. There's no way I'm gonna come back for ya twice \" marmonna-t-il entre ses dents. Même s'il n'avait pas tout à fait compris ce qu'Alex venait de dire, Gibson éclata de rire. Il relâcha ses deux amis. Ils se mirent à la file à la suite des autres soldats afin d'embarquer à bord du train passager qui les attendait. Une fois à l'intérieur, ils choisirent l'une des nombreuses cabines fermées où ils se laissèrent choir sur les banquettes confortables. Tommy s'installa pour dormir en position fœtale à la verticale, la tête appuyée contre sa couverture encore roulée. Alex tourna la tête vers la fenêtre et Gibson poussa un petit soupir de soulagement. Quelques minutes plus tard, le train se mit en route. Gibson se laissa bercer par ce transport terrestre. Il avait oublié la sensation de sécurité que l'on pouvait ressentir à bord d'un tel véhicule. Pour une fois, il ne tanguait pas sur un bateau malmené par les eaux vives et déchaînées qui menaçait de se faire bombarder ou détruire par une vicieuse torpille ennemie. Pour une fois, il pouvait respirer sans avoir peur de perdre le souffle à tout instant. Pour une fois, il pouvait fermer les yeux et se laisser transporter vers l'inconnu. Il s'endormit avant même de s'en rendre compte. Le silence, le confort, la chaleur et la sécurité dans laquelle il baignait avaient finalement eu raison de lui tout comme la fatigue et l'épuisement physique et émotionnel. Il se réveiller au petit matin par les rayons du soleil. Le train poursuivait sa route et le décor extérieur avait complètement changé. Gisbon sourit lorsqu'il vit toute la verdure qui défilait de l'autre côté de la fenêtre. Elle semblait si rayonnante, si vivante et si brillante que ça lui fit chaud au cœur. Ça faisait changement de Dunkerque et sa triste plage dénuée de couleur avec ses hommes aux visages terrorisés. \" It's beautiful right ? \" demanda Tommy qui souriait aussi. Le sourire de Gibson s'élargit. Il jeta un rapide coup d'œil à Alex qui dormait toujours, le visage appuyé contre la fenêtre. \" I'm glad you've decide to come with us. I know we can count on you. You can count on us too. Don't worry too much about Alex. \" Encore une fois, Gibson ne saisissait pas tous les mots qui sortaient de la bouche de Tommy, mais il se doutait qu'il s'agissait de quelque chose de positif. En retour, il lui fit un signe de tête. - Merci, murmura-t-il. Quelques minutes plus tard, le train s'arrêta dans un endroit presque désert. Deux garçons semblaient transporter des caisses de légumes tout juste à côté de la fenêtre du compartiment des trois amis. Alex interpella les gamins et il eut droit à un journal. Tommy fit la lecture d'un texte qui semblait être adressé à la population et qui concernait les combats qui avaient eu lieu à Dunkerque. Bien que Gibson ne comprit qu'un nom et qu'un mot ou deux, l'expression des deux autres semblait en dire long concernant cette nouvelle. Il regarda Alex et Tommy tour à tour, mais il ne lisait que de la fatigue dans leurs yeux. \" We shall never surrender. \" Le train se remit en marche et le silence fut de retour dans la cabine. Alex et Tommy se contentaient de regarder à l'extérieur tandis que Gibson feuilletait le journal à la recherche de nouvelles sur la France ou autre chose à se mettre sous la dent. Il trouva bien un article ou deux, mais il ne parvient pas à comprendre de quoi il s'agissait ce qui était assez frustrant. Il allait devoir faire des efforts pour s'approprier l'anglais. Au moins, la comprendre à défaut de pouvoir la parler. S'il prononçait un mot dans la langue de Shakespeare, il serait aussitôt trahi par son accent, mais la compréhension serait déjà quelque chose d'important dans son cas. Environ deux heures plus tard, le train se mit à ralentir. Bientôt, ils aperçurent des visages inconnus à l'extérieur. Ils venaient d'arriver dans une gare. Plus le train perdait de la vitesse et plus les gens semblaient vouloir se rapprocher des fenêtres. Ils avaient tous un sourire sur les lèvres et plusieurs d'entre eux applaudissaient chaudement l'arrivée des vétérans de Dunkerque. Certains venaient même cogner gentiment contre la vitre en espérant pouvoir saluer les héros britanniques. Les trois amis échangèrent un regard, incertains de ce qui tout ceci signifiait. Lorsqu'un homme courut à la fenêtre de leur cabine pour leur offrir des bouteilles de bière et des fruits, Alex n'hésita pas une seconde pour s'emparer de ce butin. \" Thanks mate! \" s'exclama-t-il à l'homme avant de distribuer les cadeaux à ses camarades. Ils se mirent tous les trois à sourire en gratifiant les passants qui continuaient d'affluer aux fenêtres avec un signe de la main. Ils avaient l'air si heureux et si reconnaissants que Gibson était certain que ces gens avaient été désinformés. À ses yeux, Dunkerque avait été un désastre sur tous les plans pour les Alliés. Non seulement ils avaient perdu du terrain, mais en plus ils avaient perdu beaucoup d'hommes en attendant les secours. Sans parler de ses compagnons français qui étaient toujours prisonniers de cette terrible ville… Un frisson lui parcourut l'échine à cette pensée. Pendant qu'il avait le loisir et le luxe d'être au chaud dans un train avec des gens qui l'accueillaient comme un héros, ses frères d'armes étaient toujours à Dunkerque à essayer de défendre le territoire comme ils le pouvaient. Il ressentit une immense culpabilité à cette idée et il reposa aussitôt sa bouteille et sa pomme sur la table qui trônait entre les deux banquettes. Le train s'immobilisa complètement et un chaos prit naissance dans le corridor. Les hommes étaient sortis de leur cabine en chantant et en poussant des cris de victoire tout en se pressant les uns contre les autres. Ils avaient hâte de pouvoir rejoindre le bain de foule qui continuait d'affluer autour du train. Ce fut aussi le cas d'Alex et de Tommy qui pressèrent Gibson afin qu'il se lève. \" Come on mate get up! Let's go celebrate! \" s'exclama Alex en le tirant par le bras. C'est avec une boule dans la gorge que Gibson suivit ses camarades en dehors du train.[Chapter 2] Voici la suite ! Bonne lecture ! :) Ils avaient été accueillis comme de véritables héros à la sortie du train. Hommes, femmes et enfants s'étaient rassemblés autour des jeunes vétérans qui scandaient leur victoire sur le miraculeux sauvetage de Dunkerque. Pour une fois, les soldats souriaient et leurs yeux pétillaient de bonheur. Ils acceptèrent avec joie les nombreuses accolades, baisers et cadeaux offerts par la population. Le bonheur était au rendez-vous tandis que les gestes de remerciements fusaient de toute part. Ils étaient tous heureux. Sauf Gibson. Il se laissa envahir par cette vague d'affection, mais contrairement aux autres il avait du mal à sourire. Il serra la main des hommes sans grande conviction. Il offrit des câlins dénués de compassion aux enfants qui courraient vers lui les bras grands ouverts. Il se laissa embrasser par les jeunes femmes qui se pressaient contre lui sans retourner de baisers. Il ne parvenait tout simplement pas à accepter les différents gestes de bonté qui lui étaient offerts. Il se sentait comme un intrus parmi cette foule uniquement constituée d'Anglais. La culpabilité et les remords lui dévoraient l'esprit. Il était comme un zombie qui continuait de suivre Tommy et Alex, enfermé dans un monde à part. \" I just want to take a photo of you guys! \" dit un homme en s'approchant du trio. \" It's for the local newspaper! \" Gibson ne se rendit pas tout de suite compte que l'homme s'adressait à eux. Il se laissa faire par Alex qui passa son bras par-dessus ses épaules tout en se rapprochant de lui. Lorsque Tommy se positionna de l'autre côté, Gibson aperçut l'appareil que tenait l'homme entre ses mains et il eut un mouvement brusque vers l'arrière en secouant la tête. L'homme poussa aussitôt une exclamation de surprise. \" What's wrong mate? It's just a camera, don't worry! Everybody will know you're a hero! \" Sans comprendre ce que racontait l'homme, Gibson continua de secouer la tête tout en se reculant pour être certain de se fondre dans le décor afin de ne pas apparaître sur la photographie. Il ne pouvait pas prendre le risque de se retrouver sur un portrait et ainsi se faire reconnaître par quelqu'un de l'armée ou du peuple français. Tommy et Alex avaient tous les deux tourné la tête vers lui. Si Tommy avait un regard plein de compassion, Alex fronça les sourcils. \" He's camera shy \" fit Alex à l'intention de l'homme. \" It's a damn shame. Well alright boys, give me your brightest smile! \" Gibson observa ses deux amis combler l'espace qu'il avait laissé entre eux. Bras dessus-dessous, ils offrirent leur plus beau sourire à la caméra qui s'élevait devant eux. \" And… There you go! Thanks a lot guys! \" L'homme reparti de son côté après avoir serré la main des deux jeunes hommes et Gibson les rejoignit. \" You need to stop this if you really want to stay with us. Act like a normal guy or you will attract too much attention. \" murmura Alex en attrapant Gibson par le bras. \" I'm sure he did not mean to. He probably just wants to preserve his identity. Give him a break \" fit Tommy à l'égard d'Alex. \" And you need to stop protecting him. You're not his mother for God sake! \" La tension était palpable entre les amis et Gibson se sentit encore plus coupable. - Stop, fit-il à voix basse avec un accent très français. Come on. Il se libéra de l'emprise d'Alex avant de les pousser gentiment vers la foule qui continuait d'acclamer les vétérans. Plus tard durant la journée, les soldats furent conduits à un camp de fortune installé par l'armée dans un stade de la région. Les hommes en profitèrent pour prendre un bon repas chaud, prendre une douche et changer d'uniforme. Lorsque Gibson reçut ses vêtements tout neufs, il serra ses tags militaires dans sa main tout en ayant une pensée pour le véritable Gibson dont il avait volé l'identité. Il était déjà mort lorsqu'il l'avait découvert sur la plage et il n'avait pas hésité une seconde à le dépouiller de peur de se faire surprendre par l'un des camarades du défunt. L'angoisse et l'urgence l'avaient poussé à se réfugier dans la peau d'un autre. Il avait agi sans vraiment réfléchir tandis qu'il avait été mené par son instinct de survie. Avec le recul, il commençait sérieusement à regretter ce geste. Il avait été égoïste non seulement envers ce jeune soldat mort au combat, mais aussi envers Tommy et Alex à qui il avait dû cacher la vérité. Il avait été reconnaissant que Tommy ne pose aucune question et il avait détesté Alex pour vouloir le sacrifier alors que lui n'avait pas hésité une seconde pour les laisser sortir du bateau dans lequel ils avaient été prisonniers après l'attaque d'une torpille ennemie. Il avait également été égoïste envers son peuple et envers ses compagnons avec qui il s'était battu et qui lui avaient accordé leur confiance. Ces mauvaises pensées ne cessaient de le hanter et il ne parvenait pas à s'en départir malgré l'agréable journée qu'il venait de vivre. Il avait l'impression que rien ne pourrait remplacer sa traitrise, peu importe ce qu'il ferait. Il termina de s'habiller avant de rejoindre ses amis qui discutaient avec d'autres vétérans. Dès qu'il l'aperçut, Tommy lui fit un sourire. \" The mates wants to go out in town, just to get a beer or two. Wanna come? \" lui demanda-t-il. \" Of course he wants to come! \" répondit Alex avant même que Gibson ait le temps de saisir ce qu'on venait de lui dire. Encore une fois, Gibson se laissa entraîner par la bonne humeur de ses amis qui le guidèrent jusque dans un pub plein à craquer. La lumière était tamisée et une fumée perpétuelle à l'odeur de cigarette habitait les lieux. Les tables étaient déjà toutes occupées par des soldats qui buvaient des chopes de bière à grandes gorgées. Le comptoir à commandes était également très achalandé par des militaires assoiffés qui fouillaient dans leurs poches à la recherche de monnaie tandis que d'autres bougeaient les bras dans tous les sens afin d'avoir l'attention du barman débordé. Quelques hommes s'étaient improvisé une piste de danse et ils n'hésitaient pas à inviter les jolies demoiselles qui se trouvaient à proximité. La fête battait son plein tandis que le brouhaha, les rires et la musique offraient un environnement sonore propice aux célébrations. Ils venaient à peine d'entrer dans l'endroit qu'ils furent séparés des autres avec qui ils avaient fait la route. Les trois amis se retrouvèrent seuls sur le pas de la porte et ils hésitaient à avancer plus loin, comme s'ils ignoraient par où commencer. \" I'll buy us beers. Get a table if you can \" fit Alex d'une voix forte avant de partir en direction du comptoir. Tommy fit signe à Gibson de le suivre avant de se rendre vers le fond du pub à la recherche d'une table disponible. Après quelques recherches, ils trouvèrent trois tabourets sur lesquels s'asseoir à défaut d'avoir une véritable table. Ils les installèrent contre un mur afin de pouvoir s'adosser et ils attendirent Alex. Celui-ci se pointa quelques minutes plus tard avec trois énormes verres bien remplis. Il en distribua un à Tommy et offrit le second à Gibson avant de prendre place sur le tabouret restant. \" Cheers! \" dit joyeusement Alex avant de lever son verre et de prendre une bonne gorgée de bière. \" Cheers! \" répéta Tommy avant d'imiter le geste de son ami. Gibson leva son verre dans le vide, mais il ne parvient pas à boire une seule goutte. Il regarda plutôt les deux autres qui buvaient leur boisson avec dévotion. Il ne parvenait toujours pas à laisser la bonne humeur le gagner en dépit du contexte dans lequel il se trouvait. Il ignorait si cette culpabilité finirait par partir un jour ou s'il serait capable de pouvoir reprendre goût à la vie après l'épisode de Dunkerque. Une jeune femme s'approcha du trio avant de se planter devant Alex qui abaissa aussitôt son verre. \" Hi \" fit-elle à son adresse avec un sourire charmeur. \" Hello gorgeous \" répondit aussitôt Alex. \" Wanna dance? \" \" It will be my pleasure \" Il termina son verre avant de le donner à Tommy et de se lever. Il attrapa la main de la jeune femme avant de l'entraîner vers la piste de danse. Tommy et Gibson observèrent le couple se former parmi les autres. Les deux partenaires se mirent à bouger au rythme de la musique tandis qu'ils échangeaient un regard complice. Alex posa ses mains sur la taille de la jeune femme alors qu'elle l'attirait un peu plus contre elle. Tommy baissa la tête devant ces accolades et Gibson remarqua ce geste. Il ignorait si c'était parce que lui aussi aurait voulu une cavalière ou s'il était simplement… Il s'interrompit dans ses pensées lorsqu'une autre jeune femme se positionna devant lui. \" Hello! How are you soldier? \" lui demanda-t-elle. Pour toutes réponses, Gibson lui fit un petit signe de tête avant de jeter un regard à Tommy afin d'obtenir de l'aide. \" Are you gonna buy me a beer or take me to dance, hmm? \" \" He's mute \" répondit aussitôt Tommy. L'expression de la demoiselle changea aussitôt pour une moue compatissante. \" Really?! Oh poor baby… Maybe I can help you find your tongue again… \" La seconde d'ensuite, la jeune femme s'assit sur les cuisses de Gibson et elle passa ses bras autour de son cou. Avant même que Gibson réalise ce qu'il se passait réellement, elle approcha dangereusement son visage du sien en fermant les yeux. Il la repoussa d'un mouvement surpris et légèrement brusque. Sous la force de l'impact, la jeune femme fût aussitôt remise sur ses pieds et ses talons menacèrent de la faire tomber. Son visage exprima d'abord de la surprise avant de rapidement se transformer en expression de colère. \" What the…?! Are you out of your mind?! This is not a way to treat a lady like me! \" Sa voix nasillarde résonnait dans les oreilles de Gibson qui s'était levé de son tabouret. Ignorant complètement celle qui pestait, il se fraya un chemin parmi la foule qui inondait le pub. Il n'avait qu'une seule envie et c'était de sortir de cet endroit qui lui donnait mal à la tête. \" Oh, because you're deaf too?! \" cria-t-elle parmi le brouhaha. Il entendit la voix de Tommy, mais il ignorait si les mots s'adressaient à lui ou à elle. De toute manière ça ne changeait rien parce qu'il ne comprenait tout simplement pas ce que l'un ou l'autre racontait. Il avait besoin de silence, de tranquillité et de paix. Il déposa son verre encore plein sur la table située à l'entrée avant de sortir du pub trop bruyant. Il vit aussitôt trois soldats qui fumaient tout juste à côté de la porte d'entrée. Ceux-ci étaient beaucoup trop souls pour même se rendre compte de son existence. Gibson passa à côté d'eux sans faire de cérémonie avant de se diriger vers le côté de la petite bâtisse afin d'être à l'abri du vent frais qui balayait la ville. \" Gibson, wait! \" Il reconnut la voix de Tommy et il se retourna aussitôt pour le voir courir dans sa direction. \" I'm sorry about what happened. She was clearly drunk \" fit Tommy en le suivant dans la pénombre du bâtiment. Gibson s'adossa contre le mur en mettant ses mains dans ses poches. Il aurait préféré que Tommy ne le suive pas et qu'il poursuive la fête sans lui. Il aurait voulu être seul pour une fois, mais il savait qu'il ne pourrait pas parvenir à le faire comprendre à son ami. Au lieu de ça, il poussa un soupir et Tommy fronça les sourcils. \" What's wrong mate? Since we're here, you've been acting weird. British people can be a little bit weird sometimes, but we are good people you know? Don't let a bird scare you like that! \" Pour toutes réponses, Gibson regarda Tommy droit dans les yeux. Il espérait lui faire passer le message, lui faire comprendre qu'il avait besoin de solitude. Sauf qu'au lieu de rebrousser chemin, Tommy resta planté là et il ouvrit la bouche de nouveau. \" It's not that, isn't it? Come on, just spit it out. I probably won't understand a word, but at least it will set you free a little bit. \" Une lueur de compassion passa sur le visage de son ami et Gibson baissa aussitôt les yeux. Il ignorait ce que Tommy attendait de lui, mais quoi qu'il en soit, il attendait quelque chose. \" Come on mate just sp… \" - J'en ai marre ! coupa Gibson d'une voix un peu trop forte. \" Woah careful mate, careful! \" fit Tommy à voix basse en faisant un geste avec ses mains. Gibson comprit aussitôt qu'il devait baisser la voix et il se rendit compte de son erreur. D'un geste instinctif, il vérifia qu'il n'avait pas été entendu par les trois jeunes hommes qui fumaient à l'extérieur du pub. Ceux-ci avaient disparu. Ils avaient probablement terminé leur cigarette et ils étaient retournés faire la fête. Gibson poussa un soupir de soulagement avant de recentrer son attention sur Tommy. - J'en ai marre, reprit-il à voix basse. J'en ai marre de me faire traiter comme un héros alors que je ne suis qu'un putain de déserteur. Un lâche. Un putain de traître. J'ai abandonné mes amis qui se battent encore à Dunkerque alors que moi je suis traité comme un putain de roi. Je n'arrête pas de penser à eux, à ce qu'ils font. Je ne sais pas s'ils sont sauvés ou s'ils vont être sauvés et ça me fait peur. Je ne mérite pas d'être ici, je n'aurais jamais dû vous suivre. J'aurais dû crever dans ce putain de bateau. C'était mon destin et je l'avais accepté, mais vous êtes venus me sauver. Merde ! Sa voix tremblait. Ses mains aussi. D'un geste rapide, il ébouriffa ses cheveux tout en relâchant son souffle. Puis, il regarda Tommy droit dans les yeux une fois de plus. Ce dernier semblait totalement surpris, mais la compassion qu'il avait vue quelques secondes plus tôt était toujours là. Il n'avait sûrement rien compris à ce que Gibson venait de raconter, mais le simple fait qu'il soit demeuré silencieux et qu'il l'ait écouté faisait énormément de bien au Français qui se sentait déjà plus léger. - Désolé… \" Don't be. Yeah desole is one of the few words I know in French. Look, I know it must be pretty tough for you right now but hold on, yeah? I mean… You're here, I'm here, Alex's here… We all survive Dunkirk and it's kind of a miracle so… Just hold on to this, to the fact that if you're here with us it's because you are one lucky bastard, alright? Don't be too hard on yourself. I mean… If you're weren't there, I would be long dead. Maybe I will see my mom again some day. Thanks to you. \" Tommy lui offrit un sourire sincère et Gibson sourit à son tour. La voix de son ami était restée calme et douce et ses yeux n'avaient jamais quitté les siens. Même s'il n'avait pas tout à fait compris les paroles de Tommy, Gibson avait ressenti une certaine gratitude s'établir entre eux. Une réelle connexion était née et au plus profond de son cœur, il savait qu'il pouvait faire confiance à Tommy, peu importe la situation. Il le soutiendrait jusqu'à la toute fin et Gibson était prêt à faire pareil pour lui. Il n'avait pas oublié la manière dont Tommy l'avait accepté dès les premières secondes de leur rencontre fortuite avant même qu'il ne connaisse à véritable identité. À ses yeux, ça méritait tout le respect du monde. Tandis qu'ils restaient tous les deux là à se contempler dans la pénombre, une voix familière vient briser la bulle qui s'était formée autour d'eux. \" What the fuck are you two doing here?! I've been searching everywhere for ya! \" Alex s'était immiscé entre eux. Son visage était barbouillé de rouge à lèvres, ce qui ne lui donnait pas un air très sérieux. Le sourire de Gibson s'élargit et Tommy eut un petit rire. \" We just got out to get some air. And you? Where's your bird? \" \" Oh she's gone now. But she gave me her address. I guess I have to start writing letters… The problem is I don't like to write so… \" Alex sortit un petit papier de sa poche avant de le déchirer en morceaux. Les débris tombèrent sur le sol et Tommy secoua lentement la tête. \" You're really charming Alex… The poor girl's gonna wait all her life to have news from you. \" \" Even my mom doesn't have any news from me. Why should I write to a girl who I don't even remember the name? \" Il haussa les épaules et Tommy continua de secouer la tête tandis que Gibson eut un petit rire. \" Come on mates, let's go back to the camp. I heard we gonna have one hell of a speech tomorrow morning. \" annonça Alex. \" Yeah we can't say no to a good night sleep I guess. \" Tommy passa son bras autour des épaules de Gibson avant de prendre le chemin du retour vers le camp. Alex les suivit d'un pas nonchalant. Le lendemain, les trois jeunes hommes seraient confrontés à leur futur destin. Mais pour le moment, ils pouvaient bien profiter d'une véritable nuit de repos.[Chapter 3] Aux petites heures le lendemain matin, alors que le soleil n'était pas encore tout à fait levé, les soldats se firent brusquement réveiller par un tintamarre causé par un homme en particulier. Ce dernier jouait l'air de la chanson We're Going to Hang out the Washing on the Siegfried Line à la trompette. L'instrument était intelligemment tenu devant un micro et la musique était diffusée en simultané dans tous les haut-parleurs qui se trouvaient partout à l'intérieur du stade. Gibson ouvrit un œil, puis un autre. Il se redressa aussitôt dans son lit et il remarqua que ses amis n'avaient pas été aussi vifs que lui à se lever. Tommy serrait son oreiller à deux mains autour de sa tête, couvrant ainsi ses oreilles. De son côté, Alex semblait être de mauvaise humeur. Il avait toujours les yeux fermés, mais ses sourcils froncés en disaient long sur ce qu'il pensait. \" For fuck's sake! I hate this bloody song! \" s'exclama-t-il d'une voix rageuse. Un homme passait entre les lits en frappant sur une vieille casserole à l'aide d'une cuillère en bois en hurlant : \" let's go boys get up! \". Ceux qui ne se levaient toujours pas après son passage se faisaient secouer comme des pruniers par un second homme qui semblait prendre un malin plaisir à exécuter sa tâche. Quelques minutes plus tard, les hommes étaient tous réunis au milieu du terrain. Tous sans exception étaient complètement dépeignés et ils avaient tous de petits yeux. Plusieurs d'entre eux avaient encore la gueule de bois et peinaient à se tenir droit malgré l'ordre de former des rangs serrés. Certains ne portaient que des pantalons alors que d'autres avaient dormi dans leur uniforme. Quelques-uns étaient encore confortablement enroulés dans leur couverture, cachant ainsi toutes les parties de leur corps sauf leur tête. Qu'ils soient complètement éveillés ou non, le silence était de retour dans le stade. Les soldats attendaient patiemment que l'homme debout sur l'estrade de fortune débute son discours. Pour l'instant, il regardait les visages fatigués qui se tenaient devant lui avec un air sérieux. Gibson eut l'impression qu'il prit le temps de regarder chacun des militaires avant qu'il ne prenne finalement la parole. \" Congratulations gentlemen. You made it back, thanks to all the courageous civilians who risked their lives to save yours. I hope you thanked each and everyone of them. For those who don't know, we're currently trying to save our French lads who fought like true warriors. Many of them have been captured by the Germans, but we still try to bring them back here, as many as we can. Thank them too if you ever see them. They have played their part in the success of your escape. \" Gibson comprit au moins trois mots : French , captured , Germans . Ce fut assez pour qu'il ait envie de se mettre à crier sur place. Au lieu de cela, il ravala sa tristesse et il serra les poings. Il vit Tommy tourner la tête vers lui, mais il l'ignora. \" You will all have the permission to go home for a few days, but it will be for next week. Until then, we need you. To quote our Prime Minister, wars are not won by evacuations. This war isn't over yet. It is far from over and if we want to win, we have to fight. You have to fight if you want to preserve this beautiful country and culture of yours. This is our duty. Many combats are in preparation depending on the next moves of our enemies. \" L'homme marqua une pause dans son discours et il observa quelques visages une fois de plus. Certains des soldats semblaient retenir leur souffle comme s'ils redoutaient la suite des événements. Gibson gardait son attention et sa concentration sur l'homme. Il n'avait qu'une seule envie à présent : celle de pouvoir éclater la gueule à ces salauds d'Allemands. \" This is why there's gonna be no vacation for you this week, gentlemen. You're gonna do boot camp until further instructions. We want you to be stronger, faster and better than the enemy and it's starts right now. You have an hour to wash, dress and chow. In exactly one hour I want each and everyone of you to come back here to form ranks again. Is that clear? \" \" Yes sir! \" répondirent les soldats à l'unisson. L'homme sur l'estrade offrit un salut officiel à ses soldats qui répondirent aussitôt de la même manière. Après quoi, il les laissa vaquer à leurs occupations. Les rangs se transformèrent en petits groupes d'individus qui se réunissaient pour savoir s'ils commençaient par la douche ou le petit déjeuner. \" Let's start with the food. I'm starving \" proposa Alex. Tandis qu'ils se dirigeaient vers la table où on leur offrait de la nourriture, Tommy se rapprocha de Gibson. \" I'm so sorry for what he said about the French ... You must be so angry right now. But you know what? We're gonna do as he said and we're gonna kick some Germans butts, yeah? \" Il avait murmuré ces paroles au creux de son oreille. Gibson lui jeta un regard. Tommy leva ses mains. L'une d'entre elles se referma en un poing avant qu'elle n'aille frapper dans la paume de l'autre. Il répéta ce geste avec confiance et ses yeux brillaient d'une excitation particulière. \" For Dunkirk and for all the friends we've lost \" rajouta-t-il. Gibson hocha la tête avant d'imiter le geste de Tommy. Il ressentait un besoin de vengeance au plus profond de son cœur pour tous ses frères d'armes qui avaient été tués ou fait prisonnier par les Allemands. Il aurait pu être l'un d'entre eux, mais maintenant qu'il était sain et sauf, il pouvait peut-être faire quelque chose pour les sauver. Ou du moins pour pouvoir éliminer le plus d'ennemis possible. L'Axe était puissante, mais les Alliés n'avaient pas dit leur dernier mot et ça, Gibson le savait. Après avoir terminé de manger et de s'habiller, le trio rejoignit les autres hommes qui attendaient déjà au milieu du terrain. Quelques minutes plus tard, ils reçurent l'ordre de se mettre en route pour le camp d'entraînement qui était situé à l'autre bout de la ville. Ils marchèrent donc des kilomètres et des kilomètres dans la ville à la queue leu leu d'un air droit et sérieux. En entendant les bottes marteler le sol d'un rythme parfait, quelques habitants curieux étaient accourus à leurs fenêtres pour les regarder défiler. D'autres s'arrêtaient pour les regarder passer et leur envoyaient des gestes de la main, mais les hommes ne firent pas attention. Le temps des reconnaissances était terminé et ils savaient qu'ils devaient passer aux choses sérieuses maintenant. Les hommes étaient motivés à se dépasser afin de poursuivre cette guerre et de faire une différence pour leur pays et pour ce qu'ils croyaient être justes. Cette première journée au camp fut loin d'être facile. Après avoir passé plusieurs jours sur la plage de Dunkerque à attendre les secours, leurs muscles manquaient cruellement d'exercices et d'entraînement. On les fit courir sous la chaleur du soleil du mois de juin avec tout leur équipement. On leur fit escalader des murets de bois à l'aide d'une corde qui irrita leurs paumes nues. On les fit ramper dans la terre en dessous de barbelés qui menaçaient de leur lacérer le visage à tout moment. On leur fit faire des pompes jusqu'à ce que leurs bras s'écroulent sous leur poids. Puis, ils firent encore des tours de piste sous les hurlements de leurs supérieurs qui insultaient leurs performances médiocres. Une fois qu'ils complétèrent le nombre de tours requis, ils purent reprendre le retour du chemin. Cette fois-ci les hommes eurent l'air un peu moins droits qu'en début de matinée tandis qu'ils essayaient de maintenir le rythme imposé par leurs supérieurs. Heureusement, les habitants étaient tous rentrés chez eux et ils n'eurent pas à voir leurs mines fatiguées et meurtries. Gibson avait déjà vécu des entraînements similaires avec son armée, mais il ne se souvenait pas à quel point c'était difficile et exigeant. Il savait que tout serait à recommencer le lendemain, mais il gardait en tête son objectif de pouvoir faire honneur à ses frères Français. Ce soir-là, les hommes eurent l'autorisation de prendre une douche avant d'aller dormir s'ils le souhaitaient. Gibson ne réfléchit pas à deux fois avant de se diriger vers l'endroit tout indiqué. Tommy se mit à le suivre, mais Alex resta en retrait. \" I'm gonna go sleep. I'll wash myself tomorrow. \" fit-il avec un signe de la main. \" Alright, goodnight then! \" dit Tommy. Une fois dans les vestiaires, Tommy se rapprocha de Gibson. \" Hey mate I just want to know… What's your name? I mean… Your real name…? \" demanda-t-il à voix basse. Gibson ne comprit pas la demande et il fronça les sourcils. Devant son absence de réponse, Tommy jeta un coup d'œil aux alentours pour s'assurer que personne ne les regardait puis il posa une main sur son torse. \" Me, I'm Tommy. Tommy is my name. Now, what's yours? \" Tommy le pointa en même temps qu'il posa sa question et Gibson compris aussitôt. Tout comme venait de le faire son ami, il s'assura de ne pas être vu ou entendu par les autres. - Gabriel, répondit-il à mi-voix en se pointant de l'index. Tommy eut un sourire et il tendit la main. Gibson la serra aussitôt en souriant aussi. \" It's nice to meet you Gabriel. \" - Enchanté, fit Gibson le plus naturellement du monde. Ils eurent un petit rire avant de briser leur poigné de main. \" Look, I was thinking about the permission thing and since you can't go to your home I was thinking maybe you can come to my house? My mom is a really good cook and I'm pretty sure she will be pleased to have a little help around the house. What do you think? \" Gibson fronça les sourcils d'incompréhension une fois de plus. Il comprenait le terme permission puisque c'était le même mot en français. House , mom , help … Tommy était-il en train de l'inviter chez lui ? - Moi… Chez toi… ? demanda-t-il d'une voix incertaine en se pointant d'abord avant de pointer son ami. \" Yes! That's it! Wanna come? \" Pour toute réponse, Gibson hocha lentement la tête tandis qu'un sourire se dessina sur ses lèvres. S'il pouvait échapper au camp pour quelques jours, il était certainement prêt à suivre Tommy dans sa famille. Il savait qu'il serait en sécurité près de lui et qu'il trouverait le moyen de préserver son identité face à ses parents. De plus, cela lui permettrait de voir un peu plus de pays tout en pouvant prendre un peu de repos de cette foutue guerre. \" You won't regret it, I promise! \" - Merci. C'est très gentil. Ils s'échangèrent un dernier sourire avant de prendre leur douche et de regagner leur lit respectif. Gibson tomba rapidement endormi après cette journée épuisante. Cette nuit-là, il fit des cauchemars dans lesquels ses anciens frères d'armes venaient le hanter. Il reconnut chacun d'entre eux. Pierre, Jean, André, René, Marcel et encore plusieurs autres. Sauf qu'ils n'étaient plus exactement comme Gibson les avait jadis connus. Ils étaient devenus des corps putrides en décomposition et leurs blessures sanglantes imposées par les ennemis étaient encore bien visibles. Leurs mines étaient tristes, affreuses et terrifiantes. En dépit de son horreur et de sa peur, Gibson éprouvait une immense pitié envers eux, mais surtout beaucoup de culpabilité. Avant même qu'il n'ait pu leur demander pardon, les fantômes se mirent à le poursuivre dans les rues de Dunkerque en lui jetant des pierres à la figure en le traitant de lâche et de traitre. Gibson se retrouva rapidement dans un cul-de-sac sans issue dans lequel il implora encore ses amis de l'épargner. Malgré ses supplications, la lapidation se poursuivit sans relâche. Au moment de rendre son dernier souffle, Gibson s'éveilla en sursaut. Trempé de sueur et complètement perdu, il jeta rapidement des coups d'œil autour de lui pour se rendre compte qu'il se trouvait toujours au stade. Sur le lit d'à côté, Tommy se redressa lentement. \" Are you alright mate? \" demanda-t-il à voix basse. Gibson hocha lentement la tête avant de s'essuyer le front du revers de la main. \" Bad dreams right? They keep me up too. \" Tommy semblait complètement épuisé et Gibson devina qu'il n'avait pas dû fermer l'œil de la nuit. Il trouva tout de même la force de sourire tandis qu'il se recouchait lentement sur son matelas. Malgré ses cheveux en bataille et les cernes bleutés qui s'étaient dessinés en dessous de ses yeux, il avait l'air toujours aussi sage et aussi serin. Comme si rien ne pouvait venir le perturber. Gibson savait que c'était faux, mais il aimait se raccrocher à cette idée. Il ne souhaitait que le meilleur pour cet être qu'il considérait plus qu'un simple ami. Il savait que si quelque chose de grave arrivait à Tommy, il ne pourrait jamais s'en remettre. Ils étaient liés depuis leur première rencontre et absolument rien ni personne ne pouvait changer ce fait indéniable. C'était un lien étrange et inexplicable, mais qui avait quelque chose de réconfortant. Il se sentait en sécurité lorsqu'il était près de lui. À ses côtés il avait l'impression qu'il pouvait tout affronter et c'était en partie vrai. Si Gibson avait survécu à Dunkerque, c'était en partie grâce à la présence de Tommy qui ne l'avait jamais quitté. Que ce soit sur terre ou sur mer, il avait été à ses côtés à chaque instant. Gibson se recoucha à son tour sans jamais quitter Tommy des yeux. Dans la lueur du petit matin, les deux jeunes hommes se regardèrent en silence. Le temps semblait se suspendre tandis qu'ils se détaillaient l'un l'autre comme s'ils se regardaient réellement pour la première fois. Chaque petite particularité du visage de l'Anglais semblait vouloir s'ancrer dans la mémoire de Gibson comme s'il avait peur d'oublier un jour celui qui lui avait sauvé la vie. Il observa les iris bleutés de Tommy avant de s'y perdre complètement. Il se redressa violemment lorsque le même air joué la vieille se fit entendre dans les haut-parleurs situés au-dessus de leurs têtes. Face à sa réaction, Tommy éclata de rire et Gibson sourit aussitôt. \" Not that shitty song again… \" se plaignit Alex d'une voix endormie. Tommy et Gibson échangèrent un regard complice avant de se lever. Durant cette deuxième journée au camp, les hommes eurent le loisir de pouvoir s'entraîner avec diverses armes à feu. Ils réapprirent à démonter et remonter une arme dans des temps record. Ils passèrent la majeure partie de leur après-midi à tirer sur des cibles en prenant diverses positions, que ce soit couché sur le ventre ou pendant qu'ils étaient en mouvement. Encore une fois, les hommes étaient rouillés et ils reçurent une pluie d'insultes de la part de leurs supérieurs qui se décourageaient. Ils devaient avoir oubliés qu'ils n'étaient que des gamins, que des garçons qui n'avaient pour la plupart pas eu à tenir une arme très longtemps lors que leur première bataille. Le troisième jour ce fut le retour des exercices plus physiques. À peine remis de leurs douleurs musculaires provoquées par la première journée, les hommes eurent encore plus de difficultés à compléter ce qu'on leur demandait de faire. Sous les aboiements de leurs supérieurs qui les traitaient de vieilles dames, certains tombèrent encore plus souvent et rataient les exercices proposés. Totalement dépités par leurs maigres exploits, les hommes rentrèrent au camp la tête baisse. Cependant, ils acceptèrent sans rechigner l'étrange mixture qui leur fut servie en guise de repas du soir et ils burent volontiers le thé qui leur était offert. Assis à la table en compagnie des soldats qui les avaient accompagnés au pub quelques jours plus tôt, Gibson mangeait calmement tandis qu'Alex semblait raconter des histoires hilarantes. Les autres hommes riaient à gorge déployée, la bouche encore pleine de nourriture à peine mastiquée. Il leur fallut un certain temps avant qu'ils ne s'aperçoivent de la stoïcité de Gibson face aux différentes blagues. \" What's wrong mate? How come you don't find those stories funny hum? \" lui demanda l'un des soldats assis tout près. Ne réalisant pas qu'on lui adressait la parole, Gibson continuait de fixer son assiette tandis qu'il dégustait sa dernière bouchée. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il n'entendit plus rien qu'il leva les yeux. Il se rendit compte qu'il était soudainement devenu le centre de l'attention tandis que tous les regards les plus près étaient centrés sur sa personne. Ils avaient tous cessé de manger et ils semblaient attendre quelque chose de lui. \" How come I never heard you talk before? I mean… I never heard you or see you say a single little word during the boot camp or here at the base. That's a bit odd nah? \" remarqua un autre soldat. Il s'adressait directement à lui et Gibson se mit intérieurement à paniquer. Il n'aimait pas la position dans laquelle il était placé. Les regards étaient curieux et suspicieux et il ne savait pas quoi faire dans cette situation. Il jeta un bref coup d'œil à Tommy qui semblait s'agiter légèrement à ses côtés, tandis que ses pieds ne cessaient de sautiller en dessous de la table. \" What's wrong with you? Are you retarded or something? \" Les soldats se mirent à rire et Alex esquissa un sourire en secouant la tête. \" He's not retarded \" le défendit aussitôt Tommy avec une voix grave. \" Leave him alone. He never done anything to you. \" \" Yeah and that's exactly why I think our mate here is having a problem. You can't talk? You don't understand a single word I say? What is it hum? \" Se sentant de plus en plus pris au piège, le cœur de Gibson se mit à battre plus fort. Il avait l'impression d'être entouré d'une bande de hyènes qui étaient prêtes à le dévorer au moindre faux pas. Il savait que s'il disait quoi que ce soit il serait aussitôt dans la merde. Tommy avait beau le défendre comme il le pouvait, c'était un contre dix. Gibson posa les yeux sur Alex qui se contentait de le fixer comme les autres. Sachant qu'il ne pouvait rien faire, il choisit l'option la plus simple : partir. Il se leva de table sous les exclamations des autres soldats qui s'indignèrent face à sa réaction avant de se diriger vers les douches. Il jeta un bref coup d'œil par-dessus son épaule pour voir que les autres s'étaient aussi levés. Ils avaient tenté de le suivre, mais Alex et Tommy avaient freiné leurs ardeurs. Gibson augmenta la cadence de ses pas avant de s'engouffrer dans le vestiaire qui menait aux douches. S'isoler n'était probablement pas la meilleure des solutions, mais il savait que personne ne pourrait l'aider. Pas même les supérieurs. S'ils apprenaient la supercherie, ils seraient sans aucun doute les premiers à lui botter les fesses jusqu'en France. Le front appuyé contre l'un des casiers, Gibson essayait de se calmer. Son cœur battait encore la chamade et ses pensées se bousculaient dans son esprit. Plus que jamais il avait l'impression d'avoir commis une terrible erreur en suivant Tommy et Alex. Ils avaient beau se trouver tous du côté des Alliés, il savait qu'il n'était pas le bienvenu dans l'armée britannique malgré toute sa bonne volonté. Plus que jamais il se disait qu'il aurait dû mourir noyé dans le bateau, qu'il aurait été plus utile dans le fond de la mer que maintenant. \" Gabriel…\" Il sursauta lorsqu'il entendit son prénom et il se retourna brusquement. Tommy se trouvait tout près de lui. Il affichait une mine triste et inquiète. Gibson se mordit l'intérieur des joues. Il savait que son ami faisait ce qu'il pouvait, mais ça ne serait jamais assez. - Vous auriez dû me laisser crever… Ça aurait été tellement plus simple… \" Don't say that! I just… I couldn't do that. Let you die I mean. When I realized you where not out of the boat, I started to panic. I asked Alex to come back with me. He managed to set you free while I was pulling you out. It was the right thing to do and I don't regret saving your life. I know you would have done the same for me cause that's what friends do, right? So please, just stop saying awful things like that. We will find a solution alright? Everything's gonna be fine, I promise. \" Il déposa une main chaleureuse sur son épaule et Gibson poussa un petit soupir. Il devait y avoir une solution, mais pour le moment il n'en voyait aucune. Il ne pouvait tout de même pas foutre le camp en pleine nuit d'un stade bourré de soldats et surveillé par l'armée. Alex fit interruption dans les vestiaires et Tommy lâcha aussitôt son ami. Alarmé par sa présence, Gibson fit quelques pas de côté. \" Don't be scared, it's just me. \" dit Alex en levant les paumes. \" What's going on? Where are the others? \" demanda Tommy. \" They stayed at the table. I calm them down and I told them everything. \" \" Ev-everything? What do you mean? \" \" I told them he was a Frog \" avoua Alex en désignant Gibson de la tête. Comme durant le discours, Gibson n'eut pas besoin d'en entendre davantage pour comprendre ce qu'Alex avait fait. Il venait de dévoiler son identité à ses amis sans même penser aux conséquences que cela pourrait apporter. Le pire était son attitude nonchalante qu'il gardait, comme si tout ceci n'avait aucune importance à ses yeux. \" You did what?! Are you out of your bloody mind?! \" s'écria Tommy. \" Hey calm the fuck down alright?! You knew it was a bad idea and I've told you he couldn't stay with us, but you didn't listen! Sooner or later they would have doubts about his strange behavior. \" \" What did you expect Alex?! That he would learn our language in a few days?! That he would speak English by imitating our accent?! How could you do that?! He's our friend! \" Alex répliqua quelque chose, mais Gibson n'eut plus la force d'écouter leur dispute. Peu importe ce qu'ils se disaient, ça ne changeait rien au fait qu'il se trouvait maintenant à découvert et que ses jours au sein de l'armée britannique étaient désormais comptés. Il se sentait trahi, dépité et complètement vidé. Il tourna le dos aux deux autres avant de se diriger vers une cabine qui abritait un pommeau de douche. Il se déshabilla lentement sans même prendre le temps de ramasser ses vêtements qui tombaient sur le sol à l'extérieur de la cabine. Il continuait d'entendre les voix de Tommy et d'Alex qui se querellaient toujours dans les vestiaires, mais il n'y prêtait plus aucune attention. Une fois complètement nu, il tourna le robinet et un jet d'eau tiède l'aspergea aussitôt. Il ferma les yeux et il resta immobile sous cette cascade qui lui procurait un bien fou. Elle n'avait pas la force d'apaiser ses pensées meurtries, mais elle aida grandement ses muscles endoloris. Il ferma l'eau après plusieurs minutes et il se rendit aussitôt compte que le silence était de retour. Il attacha une serviette autour de sa taille avant d'ouvrir la porte de sa cabine. Tommy était toujours là. Assis sur un banc en bois, il se leva lorsqu'il vit Gibson. \" I'm not leaving your side. There's no way I'm gonna abandon you the way he did. \" Gibson vit de la détermination dans le regard de Tommy. Il comprenait qu'encore une fois, son ami restait là malgré la situation. Il voudrait lui expliquer que ça ne valait pas la peine, qu'il ferait mieux de le laisser se débrouiller avec son problème, mais il ne trouva ni la force ni les mots. Au lieu de cela, il se contenta d'hocher lentement la tête avant de reprendre ses vêtements. Il savait qu'il ne pourrait pas être sauvé deux fois.[Chapter 4] Gibson ne parvint pas à fermer l'œil cette nuit-là. Il était tellement persuadé que des soldats profiteraient de l'obscurité pour venir l'attaquer gratuitement qu'il avait refusé de céder au sommeil. Les moindres bruits qu'il entendait étaient devenus comme de perpétuelles menaces pour lui. Sur le lit d'à côté, Tommy avait combattu la somnolence le plus longtemps qu'il avait pu, mais il était finalement tombé endormi après deux heures. Gibson ne lui en voulait absolument pas. Son ami n'avait pas à payer pour ses fautes de quelque manière que ce soit. Cependant, il continuait de veiller seul pour sa sécurité. Il allait faillir à sa tâche lorsqu'il entendit la chanson qui était devenue leur hymne du réveil. Il se redressa en sursaut en même temps que Tommy qui se rendit rapidement compte qu'il avait loupé sa nuit blanche. \" Did I fall asleep?! Damn! I'm so sorry… \" fit-il à l'attention de Gibson. Il secoua la tête. Tommy n'avait pas à s'excuser. Ils se levèrent en même temps, abandonnant Alex qui peinait à ouvrir les yeux. Le repas du matin se déroula sans encombre, bien que Gibson sentît le regard des autres lui bruler la peau. Il avait l'impression que tous se retournaient sur son passage, comme si ceux qui avaient appris la nouvelle la veille avaient déjà fait le tour de tout le bataillon pour transmettre le message. Ce n'était probablement pas le cas, mais il était devenu complètement paranoïaque en l'espace de quelques heures ce qui le poussait à avoir ce genre de suppositions. Lorsqu'ils furent appelés à se rassembler pour la marche matinale en direction du camp, Tommy et Gibson arrivèrent les premiers sur place. Ils n'avaient pas revu Alex durant l'heure des préparatifs. Gibson ignorait s'il les évitait délibérément ou si au contraire, c'était eux qui le fuyaient sans vraiment s'en rendre compte. En fait, il ne cherchait pas Alex. Il ne faisait que regarder les autres qui s'approchaient du coin de rassemblement, guettant les visages de la veille parmi les hommes qui s'avançaient en troupe. Après les consignes de la journée, les hommes se mirent en route comme à leur habitude. Gibson et Tommy se tenaient au tout début du groupe, suivant de près les supérieurs qui ouvraient la marche. Le voyage se fit en silence. Les citoyens, désormais habitués de voir les militaires déambuler dans les rues de leur ville, ne s'étonnaient plus de leur présence. Chacun vaquait à leurs occupations comme ils l'avaient toujours fait : les soldats étaient déjà devenus une réalité quotidienne. Ils arrivèrent au camp et les hommes se séparèrent en petits groupes afin de faire une séance d'échauffement avant de débuter dans leurs exercices du jour. Gibson et Tommy se placèrent à l'écart des autres et ils commencèrent leurs étirements. La concentration n'était cependant pas au rendez-vous pour Gibson qui ne cessait de regarder partout autour de lui. La panique continuait de l'habiter tandis qu'il voyait encore quelques soldats le regarder d'une drôle de manière alors que d'autres le pointaient du doigt. \" Try to calm down. Don't pay attention to them cause that's what they want. Nothing's gonna happen \" fit Tommy d'une voix calme. Gibson ne parvenait pas à comprendre comment Tommy faisait pour être aussi détendu. Il était vrai qu'il n'était pas celui qui serait pourchassé si les autres décidaient de passer à l'action, mais il semblait oublier qu'il était un complice dans toute cette histoire. Lui et Alex savaient qui il était avant même qu'il ne monte avec eux à bord du train et Gibson se demandait s'ils allaient avoir des sanctions pour leur geste, aussi bien intentionné soit-il. Il comptait les défendre du mieux qu'il pouvait si c'était le cas, quitte à mentir, mais pour le moment il s'inquiétait davantage pour sa personne. Un groupe d'environ dix individus s'approchèrent d'eux et Gibson cessa aussitôt tout mouvement. Il reconnut les soldats de la veille, mais il vit également d'autres visages qui lui étaient plus ou moins familiers. Parmi le groupe se trouvait Alex qui se contentait de suivre les autres. Ils avançaient d'un pas rapide et déterminé et Gibson savait que cela ne présageait rien de bon. Dès qu'ils furent tout près, Tommy se plaça instinctivement devant Gibson. \" What do you guys want? \" demanda-t-il d'un ton ferme lorsque les hommes eurent cessé d'avancer. \" Is it true that he's a Frog? \" demanda l'un d'entre eux en désignant Gibson de la tête. Gibson ravala sa salive. Son cœur battait la chamade. Ses yeux alternaient entre celui qui avait parlé, Tommy et Alex qui se tenait un peu en retrait des autres. Il espérait que ce dernier interviendrait, mais il ne semblait pas vouloir bouger d'un poil. Il observait la scène comme un spectateur et Gibson serra les poings devant son absence de réaction. \" That's what you think? Because a single guy started a rumor you believe it? What's your proof? \" fit Tommy d'une voix inébranlable. \" Oh come on Tom! You're running short of arguments! Just let it go! \" dit Alex en s'avançant lentement de quelques pas. Tommy lui jeta un regard noir et Gibson n'avait qu'une seule envie: que tout s'arrête. Il savait parfaitement qu'il n'y avait plus d'issue et il ne souhaitait pas que les choses dérapent davantage. C'est pourquoi il ouvrit la bouche pour faire taire les rumeurs et donner la vérité, mais l'autre soldat fut plus rapide. \" So you ARE a Frog?! I'll be bloody damned! How did you manage to be unseen? Did you kill one of our own so you can steal his uniform and just pretend to be like us? \" \" He's not a killer! \" s'écria Tommy. \" And who the fuck are you hum? His bloody wife? \" \" What the fuck did you just call him?! \" s'époumona Alex. Il écarta rapidement ceux qui se trouvaient à travers son chemin avant de foutre un coup de poing à la gueule de celui qui venait d'insulter Tommy. À la suite de cet événement inattendu, les choses partirent dans tous les sens. Tommy s'élança vers Alex qui se battait littéralement avec l'autre soldat dans l'espoir de pouvoir les séparer. Les autres avaient aussitôt formé un cercle autour d'eux en levant les poings dans les airs, encourageant l'un ou l'autre des parties. Gibson était à l'écart, mais il n'échappa à la violence de la scène lorsqu'un colosse s'approcha de lui avec une expression de dureté peinte sur son visage. \" There you are you bloody Frog! \" s'exclama-t-il avant d'agripper Gibson par le collet de son uniforme et de lui foutre un coup de poing sur le nez. Une douleur fulgurante lui traversa tout le visage avant même que les jointures ne frappent une seconde fois sur sa joue gauche. Gibson tenta de se dépendre de la prise de l'autre, mais sa poigne était trop puissante pour qu'il puisse s'échapper. Au loin, il entendit des coups de sifflet. Les supérieurs devaient les avoir entendus et ils s'apprêtaient à intervenir. Pourvu qu'ils fassent vite. \" No! Gabriel! Please stop! \" Avant que le poing ne frappe encore, Gibson aperçut Tommy qui tentait aussi de lui faire lâcher prise en serrant ses bras autour du cou du puissant mastodonte. Malgré toute sa bonne volonté de vouloir venir en aide, ce ne fût pas assez puisque la seconde d'ensuite, Tommy reçu un violent coup de tête en plein visage. Il lâcha aussitôt l'homme avant de s'effondrer sur le sol, légèrement assommé. Cette fois-ci, Gibson ressenti une puissante rage lui traverser le corps. Elle lui donna l'énergie et la force de pouvoir enfin faire quelque chose, comme si le fait de voir Tommy se faire tabasser était ce qu'il attendait pour libérer toute cette frustration qui l'habitait depuis la veille. Sur le moment, il se foutait complètement que les autres sachent qui il était. - Espèce de grosse merde ! s'écria-t-il avant de foutre un coup de genou dans les parties génitales de son assaillant. Son attaque eut l'effet escompté : le colosse lâcha aussitôt Gibson pour porter ses mains à son entrejambe meurtri. Il se laissa tomber à genoux sur le sol en tentant de reprendre son souffle. Gibson ne perdit pas une seconde de plus avant de se précipiter sur Tommy qui se trouvait toujours couché sur le sol. Il s'agenouilla à ses côtés avant de retirer doucement les mains qui couvraient le visage de son ami afin de constater l'étendue des dégâts. Il avait le nez en sang et il semblait souffrir le martyre. - Tu auras dû laisser tomber…, murmura Gibson en se désolant. Voir Tommy dans cette position douloureuse ne lui faisait pas plaisir. Sa bonne intention avait été sévèrement punie et Gibson savait que c'était à cause de lui. C'était toujours de sa faute. \" What the HELL is going on here?! \" beugla le capitaine en arrivant au pas de course. Ceux qui avaient débuté leurs étirements plus loin sur le terrain avaient cessé tout mouvement pour voir ce qui se passait tandis que les autres supérieurs suivaient leur capitaine de près. Une fois arrivés sur les lieux, ils séparèrent rapidement Alex et le soldat qui avaient continué à se battre. Les spectateurs de la scène avaient retrouvé leur sérieux et ils se tenaient désormais tous droits, comme s'ils n'avaient rien à voir avec ce qu'il venait de se passer. Le capitaine se tourna vers Gibson qui était toujours agenouillé et Tommy qui se redressait lentement. \" You! What happened? \" demanda-t-il d'une voix stricte en pointant Gibson. Le soldat français se remit sur ses pieds avant d'ancrer ses yeux dans ceux de son supérieur. C'était le moment ou jamais de dévoiler toute la vérité. \" I… I can ex- \" commença Tommy d'une voix mal assurée. \" I'm not talking to you, private. You, go on. \" Sachant ce qu'il avait à faire, Gibson jeta un regard à Tommy qui affichait une mine impuissante avant de baisser la tête devant la défaite. Ses yeux étaient voilés d'une certaine tristesse. Cela ne faisait pas plus plaisir à Gibson, mais cette supercherie devait cesser. Gibson regarda de nouveau le capitaine qui attendait toujours des explications. - Je suis Français, admit-il finalement. Un murmure s'éleva parmi les témoins. C'était une satisfaction pour les jeunes soldats qui avaient enfin la confirmation et une surprise pour les supérieurs qui ignoraient à quoi s'attendre. Pourtant le capitaine restait de marbre face à cette déclaration comme si rien ne pouvait le surprendre. Il tendit les doigts vers le cou de Gibson avant de saisir la chaîne au bout de laquelle pendaient les tags militaires. Ses yeux scrutèrent le nom qui y était inscrit. \" And I guess your name is not Gibson? \" Gibson secoua la tête avant de baisser les yeux. Le capitaine poussa un soupir. \" Nicholson! \" \" Yes sir? \" fit un homme en effectuant un pas vers l'avant. \" You're gonna do the training while I'm away. \" \" Yes sir! \" \" Jones! \" \" Yes sir? \" fit une autre voix masculine. \" You still speak French? \" \" Yes sir! \" \" Then you're gonna come with me. \" \" Yes sir! \" Le Jones en question s'avança à côté de son capitaine. \" And you, you, you and you, you're all gonna come too boys \" fit le capitaine en pointant respectivement le colosse, Alex et celui avec qui il s'était battu, et Tommy qui se remettait sur pied. \" Get up private, I don't have all day \" rajouta-t-il à l'adresse du colosse qui peinait à se relever. \" All right, let's go. \" Le capitaine et Jones ouvrirent la marche tandis que les soldats suivaient derrière eux. Gibson ne cessait de jeter des coups d'œil à Tommy qui s'essuyait le nez à l'aide de ses manches. Alex voulut lui donner son mouchoir, mais Tommy le refusa d'un geste agacé. Il se tourna vers Gibson avant de lui faire un sourire qui n'avait rien de joyeux. C'était plutôt un sourire de déception et de tristesse. Le cœur de Gibson se brisa en mille morceaux. La séparation approchait désormais. Ils le savaient tous les deux. Ils entrèrent à l'intérieur d'un petit bâtiment qui comportait différents bureaux. Assis à l'un d'entre eux, un homme en uniforme s'affairait à taper un document à la machine à écrire. Lorsqu'il entendit les autres entrer dans la place, il leva les yeux par-dessus l'épaisse monture de ses lunettes. \" Good Lord! What happened Marty? \" demanda-t-il en regardant les marques de violences sur les visages des garçons. \" It's a long story Ben. \" répondit le capitaine en s'arrêtant tout juste devant son bureau. \" Alright you boys are gonna wait here until we're done with him and after it's gonna be your turn. Ben, will you check on these boys? Just make sure they don't start a fight again. \" \" You can count on me! \" \" Alright. Come on. \" fit le capitaine à l'adresse de Gibson. Gibson jeta un dernier regard à Tommy avant de suivre Jones et le capitaine à l'intérieur d'une pièce fermée. Le supérieur s'installa derrière le bureau vacant avant de faire signe à Gibson de prendre place sur la chaise qui se trouvait en face. Il s'exécuta et Jones resta debout à ses côtés. \" Alright. Tell me your story. From A to Z. \" - Racontez-lui votre histoire du début à la fin, traduisit Jones avec un accent anglais. Gibson prit une grande inspiration avant de se jeter à l'eau. Il débuta son récit sur la terreur qu'il avait vécu à Dunkerque et les atrocités que les soldats français vivaient tous les jours. Il expliqua comment il avait appris que des renforts allaient être envoyés pour venir chercher les Anglais sur la plage et que c'était à ce moment qu'il avait décidé de sauver sa peau. Il raconta comment il avait trouvé le véritable Gibson, comment il l'avait dépouillé et où il l'avait enterré avec ses propres habits. Relater tous ces événements le plongeait dans une espèce de transe dans laquelle il avait l'impression de revivre tous ces instants. Pourtant, il poursuivait son récit sans épargner les moindres détails, que ce soit l'interminable attente sur la plage durant les bombardements, les nombreuses fois où il avait failli se noyer dans la mer agitée, le sauvetage et finalement la décision qu'il avait prise de prendre le train. Jones traduisait son récit au fur et à mesure qu'une nouvelle phrase sortait de la bouche de Gibson. Le capitaine écoutait attentivement chaque mot prononcé par son subordonné. Lorsque le silence fût de retour dans la pièce il se pencha vers l'avant. \" What's your full name boy? \" - Quel est votre nom complet ? - Gabriel Pascal, monsieur. \" And where are you from? Which city? \" - De quelle ville venez-vous ? - Nantes, monsieur. \" Do you know who Charles de Gaulle is? \" À ce simple nom, le regard de Gibson s'illumina. - Savez-vous qui est Charles de Gaulle ? traduisit Jones. - Oui bien sûr que je connais Charles de Gaulle, monsieur ! C'est un colonel hautement respecté de l'armée française ! Jones effectua son travail et le capitaine reprit ensuite la parole. \" Well you'll be glad to know that Mr. de Gaulle will be in London in a few days to meet our Prime Minister. All the French who were saved from Dunkirk were sent directly to London. They are kept in a base waiting for instructions from Mr. de Gaulle. He's gonna know what to do with all of you and I'm pretty sure he will be bloody pleased to see you boy. \" Gibson écouta attentivement la traduction en hochant lentement la tête. Il avait souvent entendu parler de ce grand homme qui s'était impliqué dans la Première Guerre et qui était devenu rapidement un nom que tous connaissaient. Il n'arrivait pas à croire qu'il allait voir le colonel autrement que sur une photo en noir et blanc d'un journal local. \" Look… You're not the only one in your situation. There's other French lads who did the same thing and I can't blame you for that. You are young, you were scared… I was terrified at my first battle and I'm still am today whenever I have to fight. And… I think you already have your punishment, right? \" Il pointa le nez rougi de Gibson qui hocha de nouveau la tête lorsque Jones traduisit la question. \" You seem like a courageous and smart boy. You will survive with all your mates, alright? You're gonna be off for London tomorrow morning. Until then, I'm gonna keep you apart from the others before they kill you, alright? I'm sending you back to the stade for now and you're gonna have a little place just for you. \" - Mais… Tommy est mon ami…, répliqua Gibson après avoir entendu Jones. \" Tommy who? Is that the boy you where with? Well alright. I'm gonna arrange a little meeting between the two of you so you can say goodbye alright? \" Gibson eut envie de pousser un soupir de soulagement. Au moins il pourrait faire ses adieux proprement même si cela lui brisait le cœur. \" Off you go now. \" Gibson se leva avant de saluer l'homme qui se trouvait devant lui. Celui-ci imita son geste. \" Oh and one last thing… Give me the tags. \" Lentement, Gibson retira la chaîne qu'il portait autour du cou avant de l'a rendre au capitaine. - Merci monsieur. \" Alright. You're gonna go with him Jones. Give him civilian clothes and make sure is in a save place. And send me the other boys, would you?\" \" Yes sir! \" \" At ease gentlemen. \" Gibson sortit du bureau en compagnie de Jones qui fit lever les quatre soldats qui s'étaient assis en attendant leur tour. Il leur pointa la pièce où les attendait le capitaine et ils se dirigèrent vers l'endroit indiqué. Gibson regarda chacun d'entre eux tandis qu'ils passaient à côté de lui. Le premier fut le colosse qui lui jeta un regard rempli de haine. Le second fut le soldat qui avait insulté Tommy, qui lui fit un petit sourire moqueur. Le troisième fut Alex qui n'osa pas le regarder. Le dernier était Tommy qui lui jeta un regard plein de détresse et le cœur de Gibson eut un raté. Il continua de le regarder par-dessus son épaule tandis que Jones l'escortait vers l'extérieur du bâtiment. - Allons s'y soldat. Cette fois-ci Gibson n'eut pas à faire le trajet du camp jusqu'au stade à pied. Jones s'empara d'un véhicule qui les conduisit jusqu'à destination. Un sentiment étrange s'empara de Gibson lorsqu'il traversa le stade complètement vide. Les seules personnes qui se trouvaient sur place étaient les cuisiniers qui s'affairaient déjà à préparer le repas du soir. Ils lancèrent un regard étonné lorsqu'ils virent les deux militaires déambuler sur le terrain, mais ils ne posèrent aucune question. Gibson suivit Jones jusque dans une petite pièce qui se trouvait à l'intérieur du stade. - C'est ici que vous resterez, expliqua Jones. Cet endroit nous sert habituellement d'infirmerie donc vous serez tranquille. Veillez à ne pas sortir de cette pièce. Gibson hocha lentement la tête alors qu'il entra dans la chambre. - Je reviens dans quelques minutes avec les vêtements, annonça Jones avant de fermer la porte derrière lui. L'endroit était petit en superficie et possédait un plafond très haut ce qui lui donnait un aspect étrange. Les murs étaient d'un blanc immaculé et il n'y avait aucune fenêtre : seule une ampoule suspendue au plafond illuminait la pièce. Il y avait un lit, une chaise posée dans un coin de la chambre, un lavabo avec un miroir accroché au-dessus ainsi qu'un petit rangement où il devait y avoir des articles de premiers soins. C'était tout. Il observa durant quelques instants son reflet dans le miroir pour y voir un visage fatigué et légèrement enflé du côté gauche. Deux filets de sang avaient séché en dessous de ses narines et son nez était rougi. Sans plus attendre, il tourna le robinet d'eau froide avant de s'asperger le visage. Puis, il s'assit sur l'unique chaise de l'endroit avant de pousser un profond soupir. Il comprenait les intentions du capitaine de vouloir l'éloigner des autres hommes, mais il avait l'impression d'être en prison. Il savait que cette situation était temporaire et qu'il devrait sans doute prendre ce temps pour se reposer, mais il ignorait s'il y arriverait. Bien qu'il sût qu'il retournerait officiellement avec des compagnons français, il restait dans le néant le plus total concernant son futur. S'il allait retourner dans l'armée, où il serait envoyé, quelles seraient ses nouvelles tâches… Il n'y avait que des questions sans réponse. Perdre Tommy était également un autre facteur auquel il était confronté. Un fait qui le retournait complètement à l'envers tant il redoutait cette séparation. Mais il n'y avait pas d'autre option. Il n'y n'en avait jamais eu. Ils n'auraient même jamais dû se rencontrer, mais le destin en avait décidé autrement. L'inconnu et la solitude le terrorisaient et tandis qu'il se perdait dans les pensées qui le hantaient, Jones ouvrit la porte de la chambre. Il se présenta avec de nouveaux vêtements et un livre. Il déposa le tout sur le lit avant de regarder Gibson qui était resté assis. - Ces nouveaux vêtements devraient vous faire. Je viendrai récupérer l'uniforme que vous portez à l'heure du repas. Je vous ai également apporté de la lecture. C'est un livre en anglais, mais je me suis dit que ça pourrait passer un peu le temps. - Merci monsieur, souffla Gibson. Jones lui fit un signe de tête avant de le laisser de nouveau seul. Gibson fût de nouveau plongé dans ses tourments et ce n'est qu'au bout d'une heure ou deux qu'il se leva enfin. Il retira son uniforme militaire anglais pour mettre les nouveaux vêtements qu'on lui avait offerts. Il plia avec attention chaque morceau de la tenue et il s'empara du bouquin. Il observa la couverture avant de feuilleter quelques pages. Les mots anglais défilaient sous ses yeux et il fronça les sourcils d'incompréhension. Réalisant qu'il ne parviendrait pas à comprendre le sens d'une phrase, il abandonna l'idée de la lecture. Puis, il se coucha sur le lit avant de fermer les yeux. Il tomba rapidement endormi pour un sommeil sans rêves. Lorsque la porte s'ouvrit de nouveau, il s'éveilla en sursaut et il se redressa rapidement. Jones se trouvait dans l'entrebâillement de la porte avant un plateau dans les mains. - Votre repas, fit-il avant de déposer le plateau sur le petit rangement. Il prit l'uniforme avant de se diriger de nouveau vers la porte. - Est-ce que je pourrai voir Tommy, monsieur ? demanda Gibson avant qu'il ne sorte de la chambre. - Le capitaine vous enverra votre ami après le repas, répondit Jones en se tournant légèrement. Vous pourrez lui dire au revoir. Autre chose? - Non monsieur. Merci. Puis, Gibson fut de nouveau seul. Il mangea la bouillie et il but le thé que lui avait apporté Jones avant d'attendre que la porte s'ouvre de nouveau. Il fit les cent pas dans la pièce tandis que l'impatience le rongeait. Son cœur palpitait à l'idée de revoir Tommy. Il savait que ce serait sans aucun doute la dernière fois qu'il pourrait le voir et il ignorait quoi lui dire. Il avait toujours détesté les adieux, mais il préférait le voir une dernière fois avant de partir pour Londres. Son souhait fut finalement exaucé lorsque la porte s'ouvrit lentement. Gibson cessa tout mouvement et un énorme sourire illumina son visage. Tommy apparut sur le pas de la porte en compagnie de Jones. -Vous avez quelques minutes, fit-il avant de fermer la porte, les laissant ainsi seuls. Les deux jeunes hommes se regardèrent en silence tandis qu'ils restaient chacun de leur côté. Le sourire de Gibson n'avait toujours pas disparu et celui de Tommy ne tarda pas à faire son apparition. C'était cependant un sourire douloureux. Ses lèvres tremblaient légèrement, comme s'il était forcé. \" So this is it then. This is the end… I've heard they gonna send you to London… At least you will be with your friends, but… It will not be the same here without you. \" La voix de Tommy semblait bouleversée et Gibson avait cessé de sourire. Son ami continuait de se contenir, mais il avait l'air si fragile. Il semblait prêt à exploser à tout moment. Gibson fit quelques pas dans sa direction et ses yeux scrutèrent le visage de Tommy avant de s'arrêter sur la blessure qu'il avait à la base du nez. \" It's nothing really. Just a scratch. It doesn't even hurt anymore. \" Gibson ancra ses yeux dans ceux de Tommy. Une boule se formait au fond de sa gorge et il ignorait quoi dire surtout en sachant que l'autre ne le comprendrait probablement pas. Le temps semblait se suspendre une fois de plus, tandis qu'ils se contemplaient l'un l'autre. Puis, Tommy enroula sa main derrière la nuque de Gibson avant de l'attirer contre lui. Leurs lèvres se scellèrent en un baiser d'abord délicat et tremblant avant de se transformer en quelque chose de plus urgent. La langue de Tommy s'introduisit dans la bouche de son ami et Gibson ressentie aussitôt une douce chaleur naître dans son bas ventre. Une envie soudaine le prit d'assaut et il enroula ses bras autour du corps de l'autre avant de le presser un peu plus contre lui. Ses doigts agrippèrent l'uniforme de Tommy comme s'il avait peur qu'il disparaisse à tout moment. Pourtant son ami restait là, continuant à exercer une légère pression sur la nuque de Gibson en approfondissant toujours ce baiser qui devenait de plus en plus douloureux, mais si nécessaire. Plus rien ne semblait exister autour d'eux, comme s'ils se trouvaient dans un monde à part. Gibson ignorait combien de temps cet échange dura, mais Tommy brisa finalement le baiser avant d'apporter ses lèvres tout près de l'oreille de son ami. \" Return to me Gabriel. And please… Please, please, be bloody careful. \" Il se libéra de l'étreinte qu'ils partageaient avant de glisser un bout de papier dans la main de son ami. Il serra cette main durant quelques secondes en baissant les yeux sur leurs mains unies. Ses iris bleutés brillaient d'une infinie tristesse et Gibson ravala sa salive avant de serrer leur poignée comme s'il refusait de laisser partir son ami. Tommy brisa une fois de plus leur contact avant de lui tourner le dos, de sortir de la pièce et de fermer la porte derrière lui. Gibson n'avait qu'une envie : celle de courir derrière lui et de le supplier de l'accompagner à Londres. Au lieu de cela, il resta totalement immobile à fixer la porte comme si elle allait s'ouvrir à tout instant. Il ressentait encore la chaleur de Tommy sur sa main et sur sa nuque malgré le frisson qui le parcourait. Il faisait tous les efforts du monde pour ne pas se mettre à pleurer tandis qu'il luttait contre les sentiments qui l'envahissaient de toute part. Il jeta un coup d'œil au papier que Tommy lui avait laissé. Il s'agissait d'une coupure de journal. Il la déplia lentement pour y voir la photo que le photographe avait prise de Tommy et d'Alex à leur arrivée en ville ainsi que le texte qui accompagnait l'image. Dunkirk's heroes are in town! indiquait le titre juste au-dessus des deux jeunes hommes qui souriaient à la caméra. Doucement, méticuleusement, Gibson glissa son index sur le visage de Tommy dont le regard figé par l'encre d'imprimerie exprimait le bonheur. Il observa son portrait durant de longues secondes avant de retourner la coupure. Au dos, il y trouva le nom complet de Tommy ainsi qu'une adresse écrite à la main. Cette petite attention lui fit chaud au cœur parce qu'elle démontrait que cette rencontre n'était pas un adieu, mais un au revoir. Ils se reverraient un jour. Gibson en était persuadé.[Chapter 5] Il était passé à côté de Jones qui était resté près de l'infirmerie sans même lui accorder un regard. Dès qu'il l'eut dépassé, Tommy s'était mis à courir en direction des vestiaires en laissant finalement ses larmes tomber sur ses joues. Cette dernière rencontre avec Gabriel avait été plus difficile qu'il ne l'aurait cru et maintenant il désirait être seul un petit moment pour mieux digérer le trop-plein d'émotions qui l'habitait. Il n'arrivait pas à croire que son pire cauchemar était devenu réalité et qu'il allait finalement être séparé de celui dont il se sentait le plus proche. Ce qui le hantait par-dessus tout était le futur inconnu auquel serait confronté Gabriel. Il poursuivrait la guerre de son côté et le fait de ne pas savoir où il serait l'angoissait davantage. Si ça se trouvait, c'était la dernière fois qu'il le voyait et cette simple idée le rendait malade. Il avait mal à la tête et à l'âme. Sa vision était brouillée par ses larmes. Il n'avait pas envie que les autres le voient comme ça. Il ne voulait pas qu'on lui pose de question. Il n'avait pas envie d'en parler. Il tourna vers la droite afin de pouvoir accéder aux portes qui menaient aux vestiaires et il vit aussitôt Alex qui se tenait à quelques mètres de lui. Tommy cessa immédiatement de courir et il s'essuya les yeux d'un geste rapide de la main en se demandant ce que l'autre faisait là. \" I've been searching for you everywhere… I wanna talk to you. \" dit Alex en arrêtant tout mouvement. Tommy lui jeta un regard noir avant de se remettre en marche vers sa destination. Lorsqu'il passa à côté de son ami, Alex l'attrapa par le bras avant de le tourner vers lui. \" Are you crying?! \" \" Leave me alone! \" s'exclama Tommy en se libérant de l'emprise d'Alex. Il poursuivit son chemin en augmentant la cadence de ses pas en espérant que l'autre ne le suive pas. Il savait que ce serait une tâche difficile étant donné l'insistance habituelle d'Alex. \" Come on Tom, what's going on? Is it because of the permission thing? \" Tommy ne répondit pas et poursuivit sa route tandis qu'Alex tâchait de garder le rythme à ses côtés. Il se sentait littéralement agressé face à l'obstination de son ami. Il n'avait pas envie de le voir et encore moins de lui parler. Il était responsable du départ de Gabriel et ça, Tommy n'était pas près de l'oublier. Il s'était rendu compte à quel point l'amitié ne tenait qu'à un fil pour Alex qui semblait complètement se foutre du sort des autres. Il avait sans doute agi par méchanceté dans le but de se débarrasser le plus tôt possible du Français. Dès qu'il posa le pied dans le vestiaire désert, Tommy tourna abruptement vers les toilettes. Il s'apprêtait à entrer dans l'une des nombreuses cabines lorsqu'Alex le retourna brusquement vers lui avant de le pousser contre le mur. \" Stop acting like a child and talk to me! Tell me what's going on for fuck sake! \" Alex lui avait presque crié ces mots à la figure comme s'il le grondait. Pendant un instant, Tommy plongea ses yeux dans ceux de son ami. Il remarqua vaguement les blessures qu'il avait au visage à la suite de l'affrontement qu'il avait eu plus tôt durant la journée. Il n'éprouvait aucune pitié pour lui. C'était plutôt le dégoût l'habitait. Ils se contemplèrent durant quelques secondes et Alex lâcha finalement sa prise. Il recula de quelques pas avant de passer une main dans ses cheveux entremêlés. \" Look… I'm sorry alright? I didn't mean… It's just… I want to know what's going on mate… You've been avoiding me since last night and… I know it's because of Gibson… \" \" Gabriel \" le corrigea aussitôt Tommy . \" His name is Gabriel. \" \" Gabriel. Right. Look, I didn't do it to make him disappear. He's just… He was not meant to be with us, to be like us. I've got nothing against this guy, but he needed to be with the ones he belongs to, you understand? We were not able to hide him even if we had his back. We lied enough for him. He's gonna be safe now and so are we. I just did the logical thing to do, nothing else. \" Tommy continuait de regarder Alex avec une certaine haine. Il ne croyait pas un mot de ce que l'autre racontait même s'il affichait un air désolé. Il ne parvenait pas à détecter une once de réelle culpabilité chez lui et ça le rendait malade. \" You hated him. From the beginning. You're a pathetic racist who only think about himself, about what's best for him. You just don't give a damn about the people around you. You don't think before you speak and shit happens. That's who you are Alex and I'm sorry, but I don't relate to that kind of person. Now leave me the fuck alone. \" Tommy lui tourna le dos avant de finalement entrer dans la cabine et de s'y enfermer à l'intérieur. Il savait qu'il finirait par regretter les paroles qu'il venait de lui cracher à la figure, mais sur le moment, il s'en foutait complètement. Il avait l'impression qu'Alex méritait ces accusations et il espérait qu'elles le ferait fuir. Sauf qu'il restait là. Ses pieds étaient toujours bien visibles en dessous de la porte et il ne semblait pas décider à partir. Tommy s'assit sur le bol avant d'attraper un peu de papier pour mieux s'essuyer les yeux. \" You're right \" fit doucement Alex après quelques minutes de silence. \" You're right about one thing. It's true that sometimes I can be a little self-centered. Especially when my life is in danger. I panicked in that boat. I've never been so scared my entire life and once again, I only did what I thought was the logical thing to do. I spotted Gib… Gabriel because he just seems so odd to me. I mean… The guy never spoke even after a whole week! I was sure he was a German spy this entire time! I didn't told you because you were always with him and I followed you because I trusted you, but I never trusted him… And in this particular moment I freaked out. I was thinking about saving my life and the other mates life before saving his because he was not supposed to be there in first place. But I'm not a racist Tom. If I were, I would be fighting for the other side. \" Tommy garda le silence en fixant les pieds qui se retournaient lentement sur le sol. La seconde d'ensuite, il vit le bas du dos d'Alex apparaître tandis qu'il s'asseyait sur le sol et prenait appui contre la porte de la cabine. Il ignorait quoi faire avec toutes ces informations. Il comprenait ce qu'il expliquait, mais il ne parvenait toujours pas à lui pardonner le départ de Gabriel. \" I'm really sorry. I know that he was your friend and he saved your life many times but… There's a war going on and each of us has to be where we are supposed to be, you feel me? He didn't speak English and he barely understood what we've told him. How can he survive in a battle with this language problem? Yes he could have learn but still… As soon as the Captain and the others would have discovered his secret, they would have send him away. The sooner the better. I know that it sucks that we've lost our permission thing but… \" \" Yeah. Thanks to you. If you had kept your cool it would not have happened \" répliqua Tommy d'un ton sec. \" I know mate… But I just couldn't help it, you know? There's no way I've let someone talk to you like that. He didn't have the right to insult you like this. You are my friend Tom and I care about you. A lot. \" Tommy eut un léger sourire. Il se souvenait comment Alex n'avait pas hésité à sauter à la gorge du mec pour l'empêcher de dire d'autres conneries. Bien que le geste l'eût touché sur le moment, Tommy n'avait pas apprécié voir son ami commencer une bagarre pour quelque chose d'aussi futile. Alex était un impulsif qui avait agi sur le coup de l'émotion sans penser aux conséquences. C'était un point de sa personnalité qui n'était pas passé inaperçu aux yeux de Tommy. Cependant, il se demandait si Alex se serait battu contre Gabriel ou si au contraire il aurait tenté de le sauver. Même s'il disait qu'il ne le détestait pas, Tommy savait qu'Alex n'appréciait pas spécialement Gabriel et il ne parvenait pas à comprendre pourquoi. \" I'm sorry about everything and I hope that someday, you will understand my actions and you will forgive me. Cause seriously, I don't give a shit about the others. You are the one with whom I survived Dunkirk so I want to stick with you. You're like a lucky charm, some shit like that. \" Tommy eut un nouveau sourire. Il se leva avant d'ouvrir la porte de la cabine contre laquelle Alex était adossé. Celui-ci tourna la tête vers Tommy avant de se lever pour lui faire face. \" Alright, I understand. But just answer this: what's the real reason? Why did you give up on him so soon? \" Tommy avait retrouvé son air sérieux et suspicieux. Il ne doutait pas de la réponse logique que lui avait offerte Alex, mais il se demandait franchement s'il n'y avait pas quelque chose de sous-jacent dans toutes ces actions. Il était prêt à poursuivre son amitié avec Alex en dépit de son comportement parfois impulsif, mais il désirait qu'une base de sincérité s'installe entre eux. Maintenant que Gabriel se trouvait en route vers son nouveau destin, il voulait retrouver la même confiance en Alex. Cause I was fucking jealous of that guy. Cause I want you to look at me the way you looked at him. I want you to see me the way I see you. I want you to realize that I can be like him, even better. Les paroles tournaient en boucle dans sa tête tandis que Tommy attendait toujours une réponse. \" I've already told you. It's just cause I wanted to save us and him a lot of trouble. He'll be fine Tom, I'm sure. \" Il posa une main réconfortante sur l'épaule de Tommy qui continuait de le toiser comme s'il savait parfaitement qu'il ne disait pas tout. C'était comme si ce mec était capable de le lire comme un livre ouvert. Alex n'était pas habitué à ce que quelqu'un soit capable de le cerner aussi rapidement. C'était peut-être la raison pour laquelle il était attiré vers lui comme un aimant. \" Alright then. Look… I really would like to be alone for a moment, if you don't mind \" avoua Tommy. \" Sure thing! I'm glad we talk a little. \" Il lui offrit un sourire avant de lui tapoter l'épaule et de lui tourner le dos. La seconde d'ensuite, il entendit la porte de la cabine se fermer derrière lui et il poursuivit son chemin vers l'extérieur. Son but de la soirée avait été accompli, même si ça ne s'était pas déroulé comme il l'avait prévu. Il avait espéré que Tommy lui pardonne, mais il n'avait pas prononcé le mot magique. Sans doute qu'il ne devait pas trop fonder d'espoir puisque son ami semblait être rancunier, mais au moins il l'avait écouté. C'était déjà ça. Il avait été surpris de le voir en larmes. Il avait vraiment espéré qu'elles étaient à cause de la permission qu'ils avaient perdu, mais son absence de réponse avait indiqué toute autre chose. Le départ de Gibson l'avait affecté encore bien plus qu'il n'aurait pu l'imaginer et prendre conscience de ce fait était difficile. Il ne comprenait pas comment leur relation avait évolué aussi rapidement sous ses yeux alors qu'il s'était à peine rendu compte de ce qui se passait réellement. Il ne saisissait pas non plus ce que Tommy trouvait à Gibson. À ses yeux, le Français n'avait rien du véritable combattant. Il avait lâchement abandonné ses camarades pour sauver sa peau, détruisant ainsi le véritable esprit d'équipe que représentait l'armée. Il allait lui laisser du temps pour qu'il s'en remette. Maintenant que Gibson n'était plus là, il pourrait passer davantage de temps avec Tommy pour apprendre à le connaître et pour lui montrer à quel point lui aussi pouvait être quelqu'un de bien. Les paroles que Tommy lui avait balancées à la figure lui avaient fait mal et prouvaient qu'il avait une basse opinion de lui. Alex savait qu'il n'était pas toujours un enfant de cœur, mais il avait de grandes qualités et il comptait le démontrer à Tommy. Ce soir-là, Alex vit Tommy à l'heure du coucher. Il voulut lui dire quelques mots, mais son ami se coucha sur son matelas avant de lui tourner le dos. Alex se mordit la lèvre inférieure avant de se mettre au lit à son tour. Il sentait que les choses n'étaient pas réglées en dépit de leur petite discussion. C'était sans doute trop tôt pour qu'ils puissent réellement devenir de nouveau proches l'un de l'autre. Ce n'était pas grave. Alex était quelqu'un de patient en dépit de ces autres défauts. Il laisserait à Tommy tout le temps du monde pour se remettre de ses émotions. Quelques jours plus tard, la grande majorité des hommes de la base partirent pour leur permission d'aller voir leur famille respective. Alex, Tommy et les deux autres garçons qui avaient été impliqués dans la bataille étaient restés sur place en compagnie de quelques autres qui avaient préféré passer leur congé sur la base. Tandis que ces hommes pouvaient passer leur journée en ville, Alex, Tommy et les deux fautifs étaient de corvées durant quelques heures en guise de punition supplémentaire. Les tâches alternaient entre faire la lessive, nettoyer les toilettes et les douches, aider les cuisiniers et faire quelques réparations mineures au sein du stade. Ce jour-là, ils devaient nettoyer la vaisselle qui s'était accumulée depuis plusieurs repas. Les mains dans l'eau savonneuse, Tommy et Alex prenaient soin de laver les nombreux bols, assiettes, tasses et ustensiles en frottant toutes les taches graisseuses qui ornaient la céramique. \" So did you wrote to your mother? \" demanda Alex afin de débuter une conversation. \" Yeah. But I didn't tell her about the permission. I didn't want to hurt her \" répondit Tommy. \" I'm still sorry you know… \" \" Yeah, I know. It's alright. Doing dishes here or at home is the same thing. \" Alex jeta un coup d'œil à son ami qui haussa les épaules. Il ne l'avait pas souvent vu sourire depuis le départ de Gibson tout comme il ne l'avait plus entendu rire. Son regard semblait éteint comme s'il n'y avait plus rien qui pouvait faire briller ses yeux. Alex avait tenté à quelques reprises de débuter une conversation qui s'était le plus souvent terminée à sens unique. Tommy avait l'air distant et distrait et il se doutait bien vers qui son esprit vagabondait. Il voulait changer les idées de Tommy. Il voulait le voir sourire de nouveau, ne serait-ce que pour une seconde. \" You missed a spot \" fit-il en pointant une tache invisible de la tête. \" Where? \" Tommy avait levé l'assiette qu'il tenait entre ses mains afin de mieux voir ce dont parlait Alex. Lorsqu'il fut bien concentré à chercher la tache en question, Alex leva une main pleine de mousse avant d'en mettre sur la joue de son ami. \" Here! \" Tommy tourna la tête vers Alex et la mousse coula contre sa joue. Il eut l'air surpris l'espace d'une seconde et Alex éclata de rire face à son expression. \" How dare you?! \" s'exclama Tommy avant de secouer l'une de ses mains devant le visage d'Alex. Il reçut plusieurs gouttelettes mousseuses sur la figure et dans les cheveux. Il sentit presque aussitôt l'écume fondre sur sa peau et il se mit à rire davantage. Il savait que la guerre venait d'éclater et c'était exactement ce qu'il souhaitait. Alex replongea ses mains dans l'eau avant de glisser rapidement ses doigts bien mousseux dans les cheveux de Tommy qui recula de quelques pas. \" No! Stop it! \" fit-il d'une voix ricaneuse. La seconde d'ensuite, Alex vit un sourire apparaître sur les lèvres de son ami et son cœur se mit à fondre à l'intérieur de son torse. Il sut que son plan initial avait fonctionné et qu'il avait réussi à lui changer les idées, ne serait-ce que pour quelques secondes. Cet accomplissement lui donnait un certain espoir. Tommy était capable de s'amuser encore et d'être heureux malgré l'absence de Gibson. Alex savait qu'il devait se raccrocher à cet espoir. Bientôt, les deux garçons eurent les cheveux trempés. Leurs visages ruisselaient d'eau savonneuse qui coulait paresseusement sur leur peau. Leurs mains trempées se rencontrèrent pour essayer d'empêcher le prochain mouvement de l'autre tout en essayant de mouiller l'adversaire. Leurs rires résonnèrent dans la petite cuisine et leurs yeux se croisèrent. Ils étaient si près l'un de l'autre que leurs torses se touchèrent. Bientôt l'action cessa et ils retrouvèrent leur calme malgré leurs cœurs encore battants d'excitation et leur respiration légèrement saccadée. Les mains d'Alex étaient enroulées autour des poignets de Tommy dans une dernière tentative de contrer son attaque. Il n'arrivait pas à détacher ses yeux des lèvres de Tommy qui étaient encore étirés en un sourire. À cet instant il n'avait qu'une envie et c'était d'embrasser cette bouche qu'il désirait de plus en plus. Il approcha lentement son visage vers celui de Tommy qui recula aussitôt. \" We really should finish this \" fit Tommy en libérant ses poignets. Alex recula d'un pas ou deux tandis qu'il revenait sur Terre. Tommy le dévisagea. \" Yeah. You're right. \" Il prit une profonde inspiration avant de tourner le dos à son ami pour reprendre sa place derrière le lavabo. Tommy reprit également sa position initiale avant de poursuivre la tâche en silence. Malgré les traces encore toutes récentes de leur altercation dans la cuisine et sur leur personne, c'était comme si rien n'avait jamais eu lieu. Seul le bruit de la vaisselle qui s'entrechoquait parfois semblait habiter l'endroit. Alex n'osait pas parler en premier tant il se sentait humilié par la situation. Il s'était laissé guider par ses envies, mais il veillerait à ne plus recommencer. Il devrait apprendre à se contrôler. Ils terminèrent leur tâche en silence et dès qu'ils sortirent de la cuisine, Tommy parti de son côté, abandonnant Alex. Il le regarda s'éloigner avec un pincement au cœur. Il devra être patient. Il devra lui laisser du temps. Il continua de se répéter ces judicieux conseils tandis qu'ils furent déportés en Somalie britannique quelques semaines plus tard pour leur première campagne.[Chapter 6] Il avait eu besoin de calme et de paix pour au moins quelques minutes. C'est pourquoi il avait fui son quotidien pour retrouver l'endroit qu'il venait visiter à chaque fois que les choses tournaient mal. Il était beaucoup plus simple de courir plutôt que d'affronter ses problèmes. C'était un aspect de la personnalité de Gabriel qui n'avait pas changé en dépit des années. Il avait cru que la guerre et les nombreuses situations dangereuses auxquelles il avait été confronté auraient eu raison de cette faiblesse, mais ça n'avait fait que l'empirer. Fuir était tout ce qu'il avait fait. Il avait abandonné tous ses amis militaires à Dunkerque comme un vrai lâche. Il avait laissé partir Tommy sans essayer de le retenir, sans dire un mot. Et maintenant, il fuyait son patron qui ne comprenait pas pourquoi Gabriel était devenu exécrable avec les clients exigent qui n'avaient aucune reconnaissance pour son travail. Il échappait à sa mère qui ne cessait de lui faire des reproches sur ses longs silences et sa paresse pour les tâches ménagères. Ses yeux exprimaient un profond vide tandis qu'il observait le débit de la rivière qui lui faisait face. Assis sur les galets qui commençaient sérieusement à être désagréables, il était plongé dans les différents souvenirs que lui avait apportés la Seconde Guerre. Il en avait fait partie et il avait survécu, mais il était rendu si pathétique qu'il n'osait même plus se regarder dans le miroir. Il avait tout perdu. Son innocence, sa foi, sa joie de vivre et sa jeunesse. Il avait perdu Tommy. Il n'avait même pas essayé de prendre contact avec lui tant il avait honte de lui-même, de ce qu'il était devenu. Il avait peur de son jugement. Il était terrorisé à l'idée du rejet. Si personne de son entourage n'arrivait à l'accepter, comment Tommy pourrait-il l'accueillir et le supporter? Il préférait encore vivre dans l'ignorance plutôt que de souffrir davantage. Un drôle de bruit provenant de la rivière le sortit aussitôt de ses pensées malsaines. Ses yeux furent immédiatement attirés par quelque chose ou plutôt quelqu'un qui flottait à la surface de l'eau. Gabriel fronça les sourcils avant de se relever. Le corps naviguait lentement dans sa direction, défiant ainsi toutes les lois de la nature. Il ne parvenait pas à voir de qui il s'agissait puisque le visage était dans l'eau, mais il s'agissait d'un homme. Guidé par ses instincts, Gabriel s'enfonça dans la rivière avant de tendre les bras en direction du corps qui continuait de flotter vers lui. Il fut englouti jusqu'à la taille lorsqu'il parvint enfin à agripper les vêtements du malheureux. Sans plus attendre, il le retourna vers lui et il poussa aussitôt une exclamation de surprise lorsqu'il reconnut le visage. C'était Tommy. Sa peau était bleutée et ses lèvres étaient noires comme s'il avait été noyé. Ses yeux semblaient éternellement clos. - N-Non… balbutia Gabriel d'une voix tremblante tandis que l'une de ses mains se posa sur la joue mouillée de son ami. Son cœur eut un raté et les larmes lui montèrent aux yeux. Il n'arrivait pas à réaliser ce qu'il voyait et pourtant il parvenait à sentir la froideur de la peau de Tommy contre sa paume. Il souleva le corps avant de le serrer contre lui tandis qu'un torrent de tristesse déferlait sur ses joues. Il pleurait si fort qu'il en avait de la difficulté à respirer. Après quelques secondes d'étreinte, Gabriel sentit quelque chose s'agripper à ses vêtements. Surpris, il abaissa légèrement le corps pour s'apercevoir que Tommy avait les yeux ouverts. Sauf que ses iris n'étaient plus aussi brillants qu'autrefois : elles étaient plutôt dénuées de vie et vitreuses. Gabriel qui était trop paralysé pour faire quoi que ce soit. Il n'arrivait pas à croire ce qu'il voyait et une infinité d'émotions le submergeaient de toute part. Tiraillé entre son immense tristesse et la soudaine horreur qui le prenait d'assaut, il ne parvenait pas à détacher son regard de ce visage qui n'était plus le même. \" You abandoned me. You let me die. Why didn't you come back to get me? \" demanda Tommy d'une voix rauque. - Q-quoi ? bredouilla Gabriel. \" You let me die in that boat, don't you remember? Now I rot in the bottom of the ocean forever . \" - Non… Nous avons survécu à Dunkerque, nous avons pris le train et nous étions au stade… \" These are only illusions. All of this is in your head. You have created an alternative life to feel better. Because you're a fucking coward. \" Gabriel lâcha doucement le corps qu'il tenait entre ses mains, mais le cadavre continuait de s'agripper à lui. Le mort affichait une expression mauvaise, déformant ainsi davantage le visage de Tommy. Une immense culpabilité prit Gabriel d'assaut malgré l'incrédulité qui continuait d'affluer en lui. Il ne parvenait pas à comprendre comment Tommy aurait pu mourir dans le bateau qui leur avait permis d'échapper à la plage puisque c'était lui qui s'était retrouvé coincé à l'intérieur. Les souvenirs se mélangeaient, se brouillaient. \" Now you're gonna die too. \" Il n'eut pas le temps de réagir lorsque Tommy interchangea leur place. En moins d'une seconde, Gabriel se retrouva dans l'eau et Tommy le surplombait. Les doigts du macchabée se transformèrent en étau autour de la gorge de Gabriel qui essaya vainement de lui faire lâcher prise. Il lui plongea la tête sous l'eau et Gabriel se mit à suffoquer. Il tentait de crier, mais il avala des litres d'eau comme lorsqu'il pataugeait dans l'océan près de Dunkerque. Ses yeux ne quittaient pas le visage désormais brouillé de Tommy qui semblait rire au-dessus de lui. Gabriel s'éveilla en sursaut. Ses yeux scrutèrent la noirceur dans laquelle il était plongé tandis qu'il tâchait de se remettre de ses émotions. Il était encore essoufflé des efforts qu'il avait dû mettre pour tenter de se libérer du Tommy cadavérique qui l'avait attaqué dans son cauchemar. Une main se posa sur son épaule et il eut un nouveau sursaut. - Encore le même rêve ? demanda le militaire à ses côtés. Il s'agissait de son ami Louis qu'il avait rencontré à Londres peu de temps après avoir rejoint Charles de Gaulle et les Forces françaises libres. Ce dernier avait fait le voyage de Paris jusqu'au Royaume-Uni afin de pouvoir prendre part à cette nouvelle organisation qui se battait pour le peuple français qui se trouvait désormais sous le régime de Vichy. Gabriel hocha la tête avant de plonger les doigts dans l'une des poches de son pantalon pour en sortir un bout de papier. D'une main tremblante, il déplia le morceau de journal que Tommy lui avait donné presque deux ans jour pour jour. Il se positionna de manière à ce que les rayons de la lune puissent éclairer l'article qui le suivait partout depuis qu'il avait quitté l'armée britannique. Au fil des ans, le papier avait légèrement jauni. À force de le déplier et de le replier constamment, le texte avait fini par s'effacer à quelques endroits. La photo des deux jeunes soldats qui souriaient avait également subi les revers du temps et du toucher continuel. La figure de Tommy était devenue beaucoup plus pâle et les traits de son visage semblaient vouloir se fondre dans le décor qui se trouvait derrière lui. Ce n'était pas grave. Gabriel se souvenait parfaitement de Tommy et des détails de son visage. Il avait simplement eu besoin de se rappeler que ce qu'il avait vécu au Royaume-Uni n'était pas une création de son esprit. Le cauchemar dont il venait de se réveiller le hantait de plus en plus. Il n'avait eu aucune nouvelle de Tommy depuis son départ et il n'avait pas tenté de le contacter non plus. L'adresse inscrite à la main au dos de l'article était encore intacte et Gabriel la connaissait par cœur tant il l'avait lu à maintes reprises. Mais il n'osait pas lui envoyer de lettres tant et aussi longtemps que la guerre n'était pas terminée. Il avait peur que ces lettres lui soient retournées et il savait qu'il ne pourrait supporter d'apprendre une mauvaise nouvelle. De plus, il n'était pas encore assez à l'aise avec l'anglais écrit pour pouvoir lui écrire. Gabriel continuait d'admirer la photographie pâlie au clair de lune. Son cœur avait retrouvé son rythme habituel et il se sentait de nouveau calme. Tout ça n'avait été qu'un mauvais rêve. Il était persuadé que Tommy allait bien. Il le fallait. - Tu te sens mieux ? demanda Louis tandis que Gabriel rangeait méticuleusement l'article. Il hocha de nouveau la tête avant de prendre de nouveau appui contre le mur de bois derrière lui. - Tu as envie de poursuivre la leçon ? Gabriel leva les yeux vers son ami avant de lui sourire. - Je suis prêt. Louis sortit un crayon à la mine ainsi qu'un petit carnet de la poche avant de sa chemise. Il ouvrit le livret à un endroit précis avant d'entreprendre le rôle du professeur. Dès que Gabriel avait appris que Louis était bilingue grâce à sa mère américaine, il l'avait supplié de lui apprendre cette langue. Il avait été d'abord surpris avant de finalement acquiescer à sa demande sans poser de question. Depuis ce jour, c'était leur moyen à eux de passer du temps dans les moments d'accalmie. Dès qu'ils le pouvaient, ils se consacraient à leur activité. Cet apprentissage était le répit de Gabriel dans cette guerre du désert. Après plusieurs campagnes qui les avaient conduits en Égypte et en Libye, il parvenait à s'échapper des différentes horreurs quotidiennes auxquelles il assistait en se concentrant sur les différents mots, expressions et grammaires que lui expliquait Louis qui était un professeur patient. Ils passèrent une partie de la nuit à converser en anglais sur différents sujets simples avant que Gabriel ne retombe de nouveau endormie. Le lendemain, les forces de l'armée entamèrent une nouvelle bataille : celle de Bir Hakeim qui se situait en plein désert Libyen. Comme avant chaque combat, Gabriel fermait les yeux et récitait une prière qui, jusqu'ici, lui avait bien porté chance. Après deux ans il n'avait eu que des blessures mineures et il avait échappé à la mort à plusieurs reprises. Puis, il caressait du bout des doigts l'article de journal afin de se donner du courage. L'instant d'après, il ressentait l'esprit du guerrier s'emparer de lui. D'un geste machinal, il rechargea son arme avant de faire un signe de tête à Louis en guise de bonne chance. Les hommes formèrent des rangs selon l'ordre donné en fixant droit devant eux les ennemis allemands et italiens qui s'amenaient à l'horizon. Ils étaient prêts à l'affrontement. Après la défaite cuisante contre l'armée italienne en Somalie britannique, les hommes durent retourner chez eux avec le moral bien bas. Aux yeux de Tommy, il s'agissait de son deuxième échec militaire et il en était venu à se demander ce qui clochait avec son armée. Pourtant ils avaient été bien entraînés avant de partir en mission, mais ça n'avait pas été suffisant. Le manque de support de la Royal Air Force avait joué un rôle important de cette défaite et les hommes préféraient rejeter la faute sur cette absence plutôt que de la prendre sur leurs épaules. Tommy avait pu revoir sa mère en rentrant au pays. Il avait mérité une permission de deux semaines avant de devoir reprendre le camp où il retrouva Alex. Ce dernier ne l'avait jamais quitté durant le court laps de temps qu'ils avaient passé en Somalie britannique et Tommy avait fini par accepter son amitié. Il s'était révélé être un bon compagnon en dépit de ces sauts fréquents d'humeur et de son impulsivité. Ce dernier trait de caractère lui avait souvent fait peur lors des combats suivants lorsqu'ils furent envoyés en Libye à l'hiver de 1941. Alex semblait croire à son invincibilité tandis qu'il s'élançait à plusieurs reprises sous les feux ennemis en brandissant son arme avec véhémence. Pourtant, c'était également ce trait de caractère qui avait fini par attendrir Tommy. Il ignorait si cette impulsivité se mélangeait parfois avec son puissant courage, mais une chose était certaine : Tommy admirait le militaire assuré qu'était devenu Alex. Cependant, en dépit de cet émerveillement, il ne lui avait toujours pas pardonné pour le départ de Gabriel même après tout ce temps. Le soldat français continuait de hanter ses pensées jour et nuit et Tommy se demandait continuellement où il se trouvait. Il avait écrit des lettres à sa mère dans lesquelles il demandait s'il n'y avait pas un certain Gibson ou Gabriel qui lui avait écrit, mais la réponse était toujours négative. Tommy angoissait à l'idée que quelque chose de mal lui soit arrivé, mais il tâchait de garder espoir. Il tentait d'avoir des nouvelles au sein de l'armée dès qu'il le pouvait, mais il lui était difficile d'avoir accès à de telles informations. Il avait appris la formation des Forces françaises libres et il savait qu'ils menaient différents combats, mais sans connaître leur location. Après tout, la guerre avait fini par éclater sur différents territoires partout dans le monde, prenant une ampleur de plus en plus dramatique. Pourtant il continuait de se battre en espérant qu'un jour il pourrait revoir Gabriel. Les différents combats continuaient de se poursuivre en Libye italienne, pays que Tommy ne parvenait plus à supporter. La chaleur, le manque d'eau et l'infernale sécheresse commençaient à avoir raison de lui. Comme si ces facteurs n'étaient pas suffisants, les ennemis continuaient de les encercler et au printemps de 1942, ils furent officiellement prisonniers d'un guet-apens. Les hommes continuèrent de défendre leurs lignes du mieux qu'ils le pouvaient. Certains affirmaient que de l'aide était déjà en route, mais personne ne semblait en avoir vraiment la certitude. Tommy se laissa tomber à côté d'Alex après avoir obtenu la permission de pouvoir se reposer. D'un geste lent et fatigué, il s'empara de sa gourde avant de l'ouvrir. Il positionna la bouteille au-dessus de sa bouche grande ouverte avant de la secouer vivement. Aucune goutte ne tomba. Il poussa un profond soupir avant de reposer la bouteille lourdement sur le sable. \" Here. Take mine \" fit Alex avant de lui tendre sa gourde. Trop assoiffé pour dire quoi que ce soit, Tommy s'empara de la bouteille avant d'en prendre une bonne gorgée. L'eau chaude coula dans sa gorge et il eut l'impression d'être au paradis pour une seconde. \" Thanks. \" Il remit la bouteille d'Alex entre les mains de son ami avant de s'essuyer les lèvres du revers de la main. \" I hope they gonna bring some water soon. If not we all gonna die by dehydration \" dit Tommy en regardant de nouveau sa gourde vide. \" I just think about Dunkirk and I feel better \" fit Alex. \" What? I don't understand… \" \" Well you know… I remember how water always surrounded us and how this bloody ocean almost kills us and I feel better to be here in this bloody desert without any water. It's so ironic, don't you think? \" Tommy eut un petit rire. \" Yeah. I guess it is. \" Il avait également découvert qu'Alex avait un sens de l'humour qui perçait toujours dans les meilleurs moments. Lorsque Tommy se sentait dépassé ou désespéré, il savait comment le faire sourire. Il ne regrettait pas de l'avoir à ses côtés. La main d'Alex se posa sur la sienne et Tommy releva aussitôt la tête vers son ami. \" Don't worry. I'm sure they gonna fill our canteen real soon. \" Alex lui offrit un sourire rassurant et Tommy lui sourit à son tour. Il n'était pas dupe. Il savait parfaitement ce qu'Alex tentait de faire. Il l'avait compris dès qu'il avait vainement essayé de l'embrasser dans les cuisines du stade deux ans plus tôt. Sur le moment il avait cru à un geste désespéré, mais les attentions d'Alex envers lui étaient trop fréquentes pour que ça ne soit qu'un moment isolé bien qu'il ne parlât jamais de cet événement. Tommy avait également gardé le silence sur l'affaire, se disant que ça ne ferait que leur attirer des ennuis inutiles en plus de créer un malaise entre eux. Il avait fini par apprécier Alex, oui, mais pas de la manière dont il le souhaitait. C'est pourquoi il ne lui laissait jamais de faux espoirs ou qu'il répondait à ses attentions de manière positive. C'est précisément pourquoi il retira vivement sa main lorsque le pouce d'Alex commença à lui caresser doucement la peau. \" I'm gonna get some sleep while I can \" fit Tommy avant de s'étendre sur le sable afin d'être plus confortable. Il se tourna sur le côté, offrant ainsi son dos à son ami avant de fermer les yeux. Il le sentit se coucher à ses côtés, mais il ne tenta rien de plus pour le plus grand soulagement de Tommy. Il tomba rapidement endormi avant de se faire réveiller quelques heures plus tard par un camarade qui le secoua vivement. \" Come on get up sleepy head! They're attacking us! \" Tommy et Alex échangèrent un bref regard avant d'attraper leurs effectifs et de suivre l'homme en question. Ils courraient derrière l'homme qui les mena vers le feu de l'action. Alex se laissa guider par son adrénaline qui prenait possession de son corps à chaque fois qu'un imprévu survenait. C'était ce qui le maintenait en vie, ce qui lui avait permis d'avancer jusqu'ici. Ils rencontrèrent rapidement celui qui dirigeait les opérations qui leur indiqua les marches à suivre pour cette nouvelle attaque et Alex hocha la tête en guise de compréhension. \" Come on boys, come on let's go! \" Ils se remirent à courir, mais en direction des rivaux cette fois-ci. Les chars d'assaut ennemis étaient an rendez-vous, mais Alex ne s'en préoccupait pas. Ce qu'il regardait c'était les ombres qui se dessinaient devant lui. Les coups de feu fusaient de toute part et il tentait de les éviter le plus que possible. Instinctivement, il comptait les hommes qui se trouvaient à plusieurs mètres de lui en se fixant un objectif. S'il en atteignait au moins dix, il serait heureux. Sans plus attendre, il leva son arme avant d'appuyer sur la gâchette à plusieurs reprises. Certaines des ombres visées tombèrent, mais d'autres résistèrent en fuyant. Il n'allait pas leur permettre d'aller bien loin. Il s'apprêtait à faire une nouvelle victime lorsqu'il entendit un cri de douleur tout juste derrière lui. \" Fuck! It fucking hurts! \" Il se retourna pour voir Tommy avait laisser tomber son arme sur le sol. Ses mains étaient en sang. Un vent de panique envahit immédiatement Alex qui fût alarmé à la vue des filets d'hémoglobine qui tombaient sur le sable. \" Bloody hell! \" Alex se précipita aussitôt sur son ami avant de prendre ses mains dans les siennes. \" Where are you hit?! \" \" My hands! Ah fuck let go! \" D'un geste brusque, les mains ensanglantées de Tommy se libérèrent de ses paumes. \" Medic! \" cria Alex en regardant partout autour de lui pour voir s'il n'en apercevrait pas un à proximité. \" It's fine, I'm just gonna go back! \" s'exclama Tommy. \" Be careful! \" Alex regarda son ami s'éloigner durant quelques secondes avant de s'activer de nouveau. Prit d'une soudaine haine pour la blessure que venait de subir Tommy, Alex n'hésita pas sur ses prochains tirs, abattant le plus d'ennemis qu'il le pouvait. Plus les corps tombaient et plus il sentait une immense satisfaction s'emparer de lui. Avec d'autres militaires, il parvient à affaiblir l'ardeur des ennemis qui décidèrent de prendre du recul face à l'assaut britannique qui les menaçait au bout d'une heure. Bientôt, il ne resta plus les cadavres des deux côtés qui gisaient dans le sable, offrant ainsi un spectacle sinistre à ceux qui se tenaient encore debout. Alex retourna avec hâte vers leur point de ravitaillement. Il lui fallut un certain temps pour retrouver Tommy qui contemplait ses bandages tâchés de sang à la main gauche près de la station de médecine. \" Hey how is it? \" demanda Alex avec empressement. \" Not as bad as I thought. It mostly just a big scratch. The medic said I was lucky that it did not reach a nerve. Otherwise I would have been handicapped for the rest of my life. \" \" Damn… \" Tommy avait eu toute une chance et Alex se sentit rassuré. Il avait cru que son ami devrait le quitter pour rentrer au pays, mais ce n'était pas le cas. Ça lui prendrait un certain temps de guérison, mais Tommy pourrait tout de même continuer à se battre. Alex comptait être deux fois plus vigilant pour protéger son ami qui aurait sûrement de la difficulté à se défendre au début. Il était hors de question qu'il l'abandonne dans cette situation. \" Those fucking bastards are gone, right? \" demanda Tommy. \" Yeah. It was a good battle. We did great. \" \" I've heard that the French are here… Have you seen them? \" Les sourcils d'Alex se froncèrent instantanément. \" What? Why they would be here? \" demanda-t-il d'un ton légèrement brusque. \" Maybe they are the help that we've been waiting for… \" Les yeux de Tommy semblèrent rêveurs et distants. Alex savait parfaitement à quoi il pensait. Ou plutôt à qui. Il n'allait certainement pas le laisser rêvasser trop longtemps. \" Maybe. Do you want to chow? I'm starving! \" \" Yeah maybe later. \" Tommy s'éloigna lentement et Alex l'observa. Il fronça davantage les sourcils avant de se mettre à le suivre. \" Where are you going Tom? \" \" There's people there. \" Son index pointa droit devant lui et Alex aperçut aussitôt une troupe qui marchait lentement vers eux. Il ne s'agissait pas de soldats britanniques. Ce n'était pas des ennemis non plus. L'uniforme que portaient ces hommes était totalement inconnu par Alex, mais une chose était certaine : c'était des Alliés. Ils avançaient lentement, mais sûrement, vers le camp de fortune de l'armée britannique. Quelques supérieurs se mirent à courir en direction du groupe afin de les accueillir. \" Who are they? \" demanda un soldat tout juste à côté de Tommy. \" Frogs \" répondit Alex en serrant la mâchoire. Alex était persuadé qu'il s'agissait de Français. Gibson ne pouvait pas être parmi eux. C'était presque impossible. À cet instant précis, il souhaitait que Gibson ait trouvé la mort. Lorsque Tommy se rendrait compte de sa perte, il pourrait enfin lui ouvrir son cœur. De ça aussi Alex en était persuadé. Le nouveau groupe de militaire se trouvait à quelques mètres maintenant et certains soldats britanniques marchèrent dans leur direction afin d'aller à leur rencontre. Tommy eut un mouvement vers l'avant, mais Alex posa une main ferme sur son épaule. \" Come on mate, let's go chow before it's too late. \" \" But I want to thank them. They just save our ass. \" \" We will have plenty of time. Looks like they gonna stay here. \" \" I want to go now. \" Tommy se libéra de l'emprise d'Alex avant de se mettre à suivre les autres. Alex secoua la tête avant de se mettre à le suivre. Bientôt, les deux groupes se mélangèrent et en entendant les inconnus s'exprimer en français, Alex n'eut plus aucun doute sur leur identité. Les Britanniques serraient les Français dans leurs bras en les remerciant chaudement d'être venus leur prêter main-forte. Les deux amis avançaient parmi la foule. Tommy, qui semblait légèrement excité, regardait partout autour de lui avec une certaine hâte. Alex observait les visages inconnus avec une certaine appréhension, ayant peur d'en reconnaître un en particulier. Et lorsqu'il le vit, il cessa soudainement de marcher. Gibson se tenait à quelques mètres plus loin en compagnie d'un autre soldat. Alex aurait pu le reconnaître entre mille. Tommy aussi. Sauf que lui ne l'avait pas encore vu. Soudainement paniqué, Alex sortit sa gourde d'eau qu'il tendit à Tommy afin d'attirer son attention. \" You thirsty? \" demanda-t-il en lui flanquant la gourde dans les mains. \" Yeah… \" répondit Tommy d'une voix distraite en regardant la bouteille. Il se mit à boire et Alex regarda dans la direction de Gibson qui continuait d'avancer. Il devait trouver rapidement une solution avant qu'il ne… \" Gabriel? \" \" What? \" Alex tourna la tête vers Tommy qui semblait figé sur place. Il l'avait vu. Il était trop tard. \" Gabriel! \" appela Tommy avant de redonner la bouteille à Alex et se mettre à courir dans la direction de Gibson. Il vit l'expression de Gibson changer du tout au tout avant qu'il ne se mette à courir aussi dans la direction de Tommy. Alex resta planté là avec son cœur piétiné tandis qu'il assistait au loin à cette réunion imprévue.[Chapter 7] Voici la suite ! J'espère qu'elle vous plaira ! Sentez-vous à l'aise de m'écrire un petit commentaire, ça me fait toujours plaisir :D \" Gabriel! \" Il s'était arrêté de marcher lorsqu'il avait entendu son prénom fendre le brouhaha des reconnaissances. Après quelques secondes, il remarqua un individu qui se distinguait de la foule qui arrivait dans sa direction au pas de course. Lorsque Gabriel reconnût Tommy, il eut l'impression de nager en plein rêve. Le revoir lui semblait totalement irréaliste et pourtant, il embrasait la situation et il l'acceptait avant même de se rendre réellement compte de ce qu'il se passait. Son visage s'illumina d'un sourire et il se mit aussitôt à courir dans la direction de son ami, abandonnant ainsi Louis. Son cœur battait d'excitation. Lorsqu'ils furent à un mètre l'un de l'autre, ils s'arrêtèrent. Les yeux de Gabriel s'attardèrent sur le visage de Tommy dont les traits si particuliers lui avaient tant manqué. Malgré la saleté qui couvrait sa peau à quelques endroits, la fatigue qui se lisait partout sur sa figure et ses cheveux qui étaient légèrement plus longs, c'était bel et bien le soldat qu'il avait connu à Dunkerque. C'était les mêmes yeux pétillants et le même sourire. C'était réellement Tommy malgré l'aura particulière qui semblait émaner de lui comme s'il avait vieilli plus qu'il ne l'aurait dû en deux ans de séparation. Peut-être était-ce simplement dû aux effets de la guerre et au travail dangereux de militaire qu'il devait accomplir tous les jours, mais il semblait avoir pris un coup de sagesse. Son ami le détaillait de la même manière, comme si lui aussi n'arrivait pas à croire qu'ils s'étaient enfin retrouvés. Sauf que Gabriel ne lui laissa pas le temps de réaliser pleinement leurs retrouvailles lorsque ses yeux se posèrent sur la main bandée et rougie par le sang de Tommy. Il fit alors les quelques pas qui les séparaient avant de prendre doucement entre ses mains celle meurtrie de son ami. \" It's nothing it's just… \" - A scratch, compléta Gabriel en relevant les yeux vers le visage de Tommy. Celui-ci eut un petit rire avant de serrer Gabriel contre lui. Aussitôt, le cœur de Gabriel se mit à battre un peu plus fort tandis qu'il rendit l'étreinte à celui qui avait occupé toutes ses pensées depuis ces deux dernières années. Le plus discrètement possible, il glissa son nez entre les différentes mèches de cheveux de Tommy avant d'inhaler le parfum qu'il dégageait. Malgré la poussière et la saleté, il parvenait à distinguer une odeur plus particulière qui devait être la sienne. \" I've missed you so much… I was not sure if I was gonna see you again \" murmura Tommy au creux de son oreille. - Don't worry, I'm here. Tommy brisa leur étreinte, mais sans pour autant le lâcher. Il le regarda avec surprise. \" You speak English now?! You understand everything I say?! \" - It's not perfect yet, but I practice as soon and as much as I can. Tommy eut un nouveau sourire avant de resserrer Gabriel contre lui. \" So you didn't forget me. \" - How could I ? Gabriel n'avait pu oublier la tristesse et le désespoir qu'il avait lu dans les yeux de Tommy et encore moins le baiser qu'il lui avait offert la dernière fois qu'ils s'étaient vus. C'était une scène qu'il avait jouée à maintes reprises dans son esprit dans les moments les plus tranquilles. Elle l'avait rendu à la fois triste et plein d'espoir. Elle lui avait permis de s'accrocher à la vie même lorsque tout semblait perdu. - Alors voilà la cause du pourquoi tu voulais tant apprendre l'anglais ? demanda Louis d'un ton légèrement amusé en arrivant à leur hauteur. Les deux jeunes hommes se séparèrent de nouveau et Gabriel offrit un petit sourire gêné à Louis. Il ne lui avait jamais parlé de Tommy et très peu de ce qu'il avait vécu à Dunkerque, mais son ami n'était pas dupe. Gabriel n'avait pas été des plus subtil à regarder sans cesse l'article de journal et ses heures perdues à contempler la photographie, mais encore une fois Louis n'avait pas posé de question. Il s'était contenté des moments silencieux que Gabriel lui avait offerts tandis que son esprit vagabondait dans un autre espace-temps. - Louis is the one who's teaching me… fit Gabriel à l'égard de Tommy. \" Really? That's awesome! \" - Yeah, my mum is a Yank so it helps. Tommy eut un sourire avant de tendre sa main droite vers Louis. \" I'm Tommy. \" - Louis. Ils se serrèrent la main avec respect. \" I want to thank you both for being here. We've been stock here for a while now and we really needed help so thanks a lot. \" - You're welcome, répondit Louis avec un hochement de tête. \" You must be starving! Come on, we have plenty of food! \" Tommy passa un bras par-dessus les épaules de Gabriel. Le soldat français lui jeta un bref regard avant de faire pareil et de le rapprocher de lui. Ils marchèrent côte à côte, corps contre corps, tandis qu'ils se dirigeaient vers le camp de ravitaillement en même temps que les autres qui se dirigeaient tous au même endroit. Louis les suivit de près. Ils arrivèrent à l'endroit que Tommy et Alex avaient l'habitude de partager avec d'autres militaires. Gabriel freina légèrement le rythme de ses pas lorsqu'il reconnut le soldat qui était assis sur le sable avec un bol de nourriture en main et Tommy l'imita aussitôt. \" What's wrong? \" - Alex… Gabriel continua de jeter un coup d'œil à son ancien camarade qui n'avait pas relevé la tête de son repas. Alex semblait être à plusieurs lieues de là tandis que ses yeux étaient perdus dans le vide. Il se tenait là, complètement immobile, à contempler quelque chose d'invisible. \" It's gonna be fine. Don't worry about him. \" - He hates me… Gabriel plongea ses yeux dans ceux de Tommy. Il savait qu'il avait raison. Alex ne l'avait jamais aimé pour une raison qui lui échappait. Il avait été cruel avec lui et il n'avait pas hésité à dire la vérité à tout le monde, conduisant ainsi Gabriel à l'expulsion de l'armée britannique. Il ne regrettait pas d'être parti du stade en dépit d'être séparé de Tommy et il parvenait à comprendre pourquoi Alex avait pu agir ainsi, mais c'était de la manière dont il s'y était pris qui le dérangeait. Il avait semblé apprécier la manière dont Gabriel avait été traité par les autres soldats comme si cette violence gratuite était ce qu'Alex cherchait vraiment. Gabriel se demandait s'il n'avait pas un fond de racisme en lui ou si c'était simplement dû à autre chose. \" Trust me. It's gonna be fine. \" Tommy serra davantage son bras autour des épaules de son ami afin de lui démontrer son soutien et il l'incita à continuer d'avancer. Lorsqu'ils furent tout près d'Alex, ce dernier releva la tête. Encore une fois, Gabriel eut l'impression que lui aussi avait vieilli plus qu'il ne l'aurait dû. C'était peut-être dû à l'expression totalement désespérée qu'il affichait. Il semblait triste et en colère à la fois, ce qui durcissait ses traits. Ses yeux se posèrent sur Gabriel et ils se regardèrent durant quelques secondes. Alex semblait le détailler des pieds à la tête avec un certain jugement au fond du regard. En dépit du passé, Gabriel ne parvenait pas à ressentir de la colère envers Alex. Il avait plutôt pitié de lui sans pouvoir vraiment comprendre pourquoi. Alex se leva avant de s'éloigner sans dire un mot. Les trois autres l'observèrent en silence. - A friend of yours? demanda Louis. \" Yeah. He just needs some time. \" - C'est une longue histoire, fit Gabriel. Tommy se sépara de Gabriel avant de regarder les deux Français. \" I'm gonna found us some food. Stay here, I'll come back soon. \" Sans plus attendre, Tommy tourna les talons dans une certaine direction et Gabriel le regarda s'éloigner jusqu'à tant qu'il ne puisse plus le voir. - Tu penses qu'on restera longtemps ici ? demanda Gabriel d'une voix distraite. - Je ne pense pas, répondit Louis en s'asseyant sur le sable. C'est sûrement juste pour la nuit. Gabriel poussa un petit soupir. Bien sûr que ces retrouvailles seraient de courte durée étant donné la situation. Ils venaient de terminer un combat, mais ce n'était pas le cas de la guerre qui perdurait depuis trop longtemps déjà. Hélas, ils ne pouvaient rien faire d'autre que d'accepter leur sort. Cependant, Gabriel comptait passer le plus de temps que possible en compagnie de Tommy. Ce n'était peut-être que quelques heures, mais il ne voulait pas les gaspiller. Tommy les rejoignit quelques minutes plus tard et ils mangèrent leurs repas. Ils passèrent le restant de leur journée à discuter de tout et de rien et à jouer aux cartes. Durant toutes ces activités, Gabriel ne parvenait pas à détacher ses yeux de Tommy. Il souriait dès qu'il l'entendait rire. Il ne s'était pas senti aussi bien depuis des mois et il avait l'impression de flotter sur un nuage, oubliant totalement l'existence d'Alex. D'ailleurs, ils ne le revirent plus de la journée, comme si ce dernier qui semblait les éviter méticuleusement. Lorsque la noirceur pointa le bout de son nez, les hommes présents sur la base de fortune se firent plus silencieux. La majorité d'entre eux se couchèrent tôt et ce fut aussi le cas de Louis qui tomba rapidement endormi près de Tommy et de Gabriel. Malgré l'éternelle fatigue qui le guettait, Gabriel n'avait pas envie d'imiter son camarade français. Il se contentait plutôt de regarder Tommy avec un perpétuel sourire aux lèvres comme s'il était incapable de faire autrement. Ils se trouvaient désormais seuls et c'était le moment idéal pour pouvoir profiter pleinement de la présence de son ami. Tommy lui présenta sa main blessée avant de lui donner un rouleau de bandage. \" Can you change my bandage please? \" Gabriel acquiesça lentement en déposant le nouveau pansement sur sa cuisse et de défaire doucement celui qui enroulait la main gauche de Tommy. Le contact de la peau de son ami sous ses doigts lui donna des frissons. Lorsque ses yeux rencontrèrent la vilaine blessure il retenue son souffle. Il vit la ligne qu'avait tracée le ricochet de la balle ennemie sur le dessus de sa main. Elle avait passé entre l'index et le majeur de Tommy pour se terminer jusqu'à son poignet. La plaie avait cessé de saigner, mais des croûtes d'hémoglobine étaient bien visibles partout autour du sillon. Gabriel attrapa sa gourde à ses côtés avant de la maintenir en suspens au-dessus de la main. Il hésitait à nettoyer la blessure. Il n'avait aucune formation en médecine et il ne voulait pas aggraver la situation, mais ça lui semblait être un geste logique. \" Do it. \" Comme s'il n'avait attendu que cela, Gabriel se mit à verser lentement le liquide sur la plaie et Tommy grimaça. - I'm sorry… \" It's nothing. \" Gabriel reposa lentement la bouteille lorsqu'il crut qu'elle fût assez humidifiée et il arracha un morceau du rouleau avant d'éponger lentement le tout. Tommy demeura calme et immobile durant les soins. Sans plus attendre, Gabriel termina le travail en tâchant d'imiter le précédent bandage afin que le tout tienne en place. Lorsqu'il releva les yeux vers son ami, il constata que celui-ci regardait ses lèvres avec avidité. Aussitôt Gabriel se figea tandis qu'il sentit une étrange excitation monter en lui. \" I want to know everything. Tell me everything about you. \" Tommy avait murmuré ses paroles et ses yeux étaient désormais plongés dans ceux de Gabriel qui se sentait pris au dépourvu. Il n'était pas un très grand bavard et il avait toujours eu de la difficulté à se présenter aux autres. Il ignorait ce que Tommy voulait savoir exactement et il ne savait pas quoi lui dire, par quoi commencer. - There's nothing much to say, really. \" Where are you from? \" - Nantes. \" Describe it to me. \" Gabriel eut un sourire avant de replonger dans ses souvenirs d'avant-guerre. D'avant Dunkerque. - It's a big city. Well not like Paris but… It has big buildings, tons of shop but also a lot of water and nature. I can still smell the odor of fresh cookies in Crébillon street. I can still see the field I walk in everyday just to get to the bakery. And the river… The gorgeous river, my favorite place of all. It's so peaceful and so… Il cessa soudainement de sourire en se remémorant d'autres nouvelles qui lui étaient parvenues peu de temps après son arrivée à Londres. Les choses étaient devenues dramatiques et dangereuses en France depuis l'été de 1940. C'était une situation à laquelle Gabriel ne réfléchissait pas souvent étant donné ses journées chargées à combattre et survivre, mais discuter de sa ville natale le plongeait dans des inquiétudes qui restaient présentes et qui le terrifiaient. - Paris is under occupation since a while now… I'm just scared that… The Germans… Il s'arrêta, incapable de se concentrer davantage pour pouvoir s'exprimer en Anglais. Tommy attrapa aussitôt sa main dans la sienne. \" I'm sure everyone is fine Gabriel. I'm sorry I didn't mean to hurt you like that… \" - I know, it's fine. \" No it's not. Look, you can talk about whatever you like alright? Or if you're not comfortable just don't talk at all. I just want to enjoy every moment I can with you. I just… Want to be with you. \" Tommy lui offrit un sourire compatissant et Gabriel hocha lentement la tête. - I want to be with you too… And I want to learn everything about you too. \" Then I'll do the talking. \" Gabriel murmura un « merci » avant d'entrelacer doucement ses doigts avec ceux de Tommy et de mettre l'union de leurs deux mains à l'abri des regards indiscrets. Aux yeux des autres qui pouvaient les regarder ils devaient avoir l'air de deux amis qui ne faisaient que prendre des nouvelles de l'autre et qui tenaient à être le plus silencieux possible ce qui expliquait leur proximité. Pourtant, dans l'esprit de Gabriel, ce rapprochement était loin d'être simplement amical : il était nécessaire. Il avait besoin de sentir la peau de Tommy contre la sienne et de voir ses iris bleus à la lueur des flammes qui brûlaient tout près. Il voulait que leurs épaules continuent de se toucher parce qu'il avait peur qu'il disparaisse. Il voulait continuer de sentir le souffle chaud de Tommy contre son visage à chaque fois qu'il ouvrait la bouche parce que ça le rendait davantage réel. Sa présence lui avait tant manqué qu'il se rendait compte de sa carence. Il se rendait compte qu'il ressentait quelque chose de trop puissant pour pouvoir expliquer ce que c'était réellement, mais il s'accrochait à ce sentiment et il suivait son instinct qui lui disait de ne pas le laisser partir pendant qu'il pouvait encore en profiter. Gabriel écouta chaque mot qui sortait d'entre les lèvres de Tommy. Ce dernier lui indiqua qu'il était né à Birmingham, mais qu'il avait grandi à Batley. Il n'avait pratiquement pas connu son père qui était parti à la suite du décès de son petit frère qui était mort-né, laissant ainsi sa pauvre mère dans un grand chagrin et lui amenant une pauvreté difficile. Il décrivait sa mère comme étant une femme aimante, courageuse et fragile. Lorsqu'il parlait d'elle, Gabriel comprit tout l'amour et le respect qu'il éprouvait pour elle et il se sentit concerné par les sentiments que lui partageait Tommy. Il avait lui-même toujours admiré sa propre mère pour être capable de tolérer son père qui avait un tempérament violent doublé d'un problème d'alcool. Gabriel garda cependant le silence sur ses propres expériences et il continua d'écouter son ami qui poursuivait son récit. Il apprit qu'en attendant d'être assez âgé pour travailler, Tommy avait tenté de différentes manières de pouvoir parvenir aux besoins financiers de leur petite famille en rendant divers services auprès de la population. Dès qu'il put commencer à obtenir un emploi plus sérieux, il était devenu minier dans la mine de charbon du coin, apportant ainsi du pain sur la table. Lorsqu'il avait appris que l'armée britannique cherchait de jeunes recrues, Tommy n'avait pas hésité à s'enrôler lorsqu'il avait vu les différentes primes qu'elle offrait. Depuis ce jour, sa mère recevait la quasi-intégralité des biens monétaires qu'il gagnait et il n'avait plus à s'inquiéter de savoir si elle avait faim ou non. Tommy avait cessé de parler et Gabriel demeurait toujours silencieux tandis qu'il méditait sur tout ce qu'il venait d'entendre. Il ne s'était jamais imaginé ce qu'avait pu être la vie de Tommy avant qu'il ne le rencontre, mais il appréciait le fait qu'il ait autant de facilité à s'ouvrir. Il était également reconnaissant qu'il lui fasse assez confiance pour lui avoir confié son passé qui n'avait pas été des plus heureux. La personnalité de Tommy transparaissait à travers les diverses actions qu'il avait accomplies et Gabriel l'admirait pour être aussi courageux et vaillant. Il s'agissait là de qualités qu'il louangeait grandement. - Do you miss her ? Your mom ? \" Every single day. She's the best. Really. \" - She has the best of sons. I'll bet she's proud of you. \" She hates me actually for joining the army, but it was for the best for her. And for me too. If I didn't do that, I would have never met you. \" Ils échangèrent un sourire et Gabriel pressa légèrement ses doigts contre la main de Tommy. Le temps se suspendit comme lors d'une nuit particulière au stade. Il sembla à Gabriel que plus rien ni personne n'existait autour d'eux comme s'ils se trouvaient dans un univers secret. À ce moment précis, rien ne pouvait les atteindre. Il le redécouvrait de nouveau et intérieurement, il priait pour que cet instant dure une éternité. Il vit qu'une fois de plus, les yeux de Tommy étaient posés sur ses lèvres. \" I want to kiss you so bad…\" Ça n'avait été qu'un murmure, mais ces paroles déclenchèrent un incendie dans l'esprit et l'organisme de Gabriel. Sans qu'il ne le commande vraiment, son corps se pressa davantage contre celui de Tommy qui ne recula pas devant ce nouveau contact. - Alors fais-le. Gabriel savait pertinemment qu'il tentait le diable. C'était le moment, mais ce n'était pas l'endroit. Louis gisait toujours à leurs pieds et il n'y avait que le muret de bois contre lequel ils étaient accotés qui pouvait les protéger des regards des autres. Devant eux s'étendaient des kilomètres de sable à perte de vue. Inconsciemment, ils s'étaient installés à l'endroit le plus éloigné de la base comme s'ils avaient prévu ce moment. Les risques demeuraient tout de même élevés en dépit de la tranquillité et du silence qui flottait autour d'eux. Certains hommes montaient la garde de la base de fortune, mais jusqu'à maintenant aucun d'entre eux ne s'était présenté jusqu'à eux. Ils semblaient trop occupés à fêter leur victoire et à rigoler avec leurs compatriotes français pour réellement prendre leur boulot au sérieux. Gabriel avait envie de tout risquer ne serait-ce que pour gouter une fois de plus aux lèvres de Tommy et il semblait lire la même chose dans le regard de son ami. Guidé par ses pulsions, Tommy s'empara finalement de la bouche de Gabriel avec la sienne pour offrir un baiser rempli de passion à son compagnon. Gabriel se sentit aussitôt catapulté dans un univers qu'il ne connaissait que trop peu tandis que de nouvelles sensations s'emparaient de tout son être. Il passa ses bras autour du corps de son ami avant de le presser davantage contre lui comme s'il ne le trouvait pas encore assez près. Les doigts de Tommy se glissèrent dans ses cheveux alors que sa main blessée se posa doucement sur son épaule. Malgré la passion, Gabriel parvenait à ressentir le même sentiment d'urgence qu'il avait éprouvé lors de leur premier baiser. Le fait de pouvoir se faire surprendre à tout moment par un autre militaire était un facteur qui le poussait à ressentir cette impression, mais également le fait que leur temps était compté. Il savait pertinemment qu'au petit matin les adieux viendraient une fois de plus et qu'il risquait de ne plus jamais croiser la route de Tommy. Il tentait cependant de reculer cette pensée noire au plus profond de son esprit au moins le temps de leur échange. Il ressentait également un vide. Comme si le simple fait de posséder la bouche de Tommy n'était pas assez. Sans qu'il ne parvienne à se contrôler, ses mains baissèrent dangereusement vers la ceinture de l'autre jeune homme qui coupa aussitôt leur baiser. \" It's too risky… We can't… Cause if we start this I'm not sure I will be able to stop after… \" Gabriel hocha lentement la tête avant de remonter doucement ses mains. Tommy appuya son front contre le sien. \" Trust me I want this as much as you do, but we should stop before it's too late. \" - You're right. Tommy avait parfaitement raison. Valait mieux écouter la voix de la sagesse. Ils restèrent l'un contre l'autre durant quelques instants avant que Tommy ne brise leur étreinte. Il se repositionna à côté de son ami avant d'appuyer sa tête contre son épaule. Gabriel passa un bras autour de lui avant de poser sa tête contre celle de Tommy. \" One day all of this will be over. One day we will be together. I can feel it. I put all my hopes in this. In this good ending. \" Gabriel eut un sourire avant de déposer un baiser dans les cheveux de Tommy. Il ferma les yeux durant quelques secondes le temps de se remettre de ses émotions. Il croyait aussi à une bonne fin en dépit de ce qui l'attendait encore. Il ignorait ce que l'avenir lui réservait, mais il se disait que sa bonne étoile continuerait à les protéger. S'ils avaient réussi à se retrouver une fois, pourquoi pas une seconde ? C'était comme si la providence voulait que leur route se croise, comme s'ils étaient réellement destinés l'un à l'autre. Il n'avait jamais cru que quelqu'un existait pour lui quelque part, mais depuis qu'il avait rencontré Tommy, il savait qu'il ne pourrait pas le chasser de sa vie. - We will meet again, I promise. We just have to be careful and keep faith. Everything will be fine. Gabriel ouvrit les yeux devant l'absence de réaction de son ami. Il lui jeta un coup d'œil et il comprit aussitôt que Tommy s'était endormi. Il eut un nouveau sourire avant de le serrer contre lui. - On se reverra. Je te le promets.[Chapter 8] Lorsque les militaires furent appelés à saluer une dernière fois leurs camarades français qui partaient dans la direction opposée, Alex avait regardé les autres s'éloigner sans faire un seul mouvement. Il continua plutôt de manger son petit-déjeuner en observant les Alliés des deux différentes armées s'offrir des poignées de main et des tapes dans le dos en guise de bonne chance et d'au revoir. Les sourires étaient sur toutes les lèvres et même s'il ne parvenait pas à entendre les mots qu'ils s'échangeaient, Alex devinait qu'il s'agissait de bonnes paroles. À ses yeux, tous ces hommes étaient des hypocrites. Du moins les Britanniques. Combien de fois avait-il entendu ses camarades se moquer ouvertement de leurs voisins français ? Trop de fois. Assez en tout cas pour douter de leur sincérité tandis qu'il continuait de rester à l'écart de ce spectacle dont il n'avait pas envie de participer. Il avait rapidement repéré Tommy et Gibson parmi la foule et il avait aussitôt cessé de manger. Il prêtait attention à leur accolade qui tardait tandis que le soldat qui se trouvait à côté de Gibson en profitait pour saluer d'autres militaires anglais. Alex se doutait bien de ce que ressentait Tommy. Ces adieux ressemblaient étrangement à ceux qu'ils avaient vécus deux ans plus tôt et au plus profond de lui, Alex souhaitait presque qu'il souffre autant. Il se réjouissait de voir Gibson partir avec les siens tandis que Tommy restait bêtement planté sur place, à observer l'autre qui partait lentement, mais sûrement. Cette fois-ci, Alex n'allait pas se faire ridiculiser comme il l'avait fait autrefois. Cette fois-ci, il allait patiemment attendre que Tommy fasse les premiers pas. Il savait qu'il reviendrait vers lui après un certain temps. Après tout, les deux amis ne parvenaient pas à se détacher l'un de l'autre et Alex le savait que trop bien. Si Tommy était devenu son porte-bonheur, il savait qu'il l'était également aux yeux de son ami. Durant le reste de la matinée, après le départ des Frogs , les militaires s'affairèrent à détruire leur base de fortune tandis qu'ils s'apprêtaient à conquérir un nouvel épisode de la guerre du désert. Ils ignoraient où ils allaient se retrouver durant les prochains jours, mais l'ordre avait été donné qu'ils devaient partir au cas où les ennemis auraient envie d'une récidive. Alex aida donc ses compatriotes à défaire les tentes où les supérieurs avaient érigé leur quartier général tout en tâchant de bien éviter Tommy. Il gardait cependant un œil sur lui et il l'observait tandis que son camarade faisait l'inspection des véhicules en compagnie d'autres soldats. Lorsqu'ils prirent la route durant l'après-midi, ce ne fut pas à bord du même véhicule. Alex imaginait sans peine le visage triste de Tommy tandis qu'il devait ruminer sur ses adieux avec Gibson. Il ne parvenait toujours pas à comprendre comment ils avaient pu se retrouver aussi facilement. Même s'il n'avait pas été en contact directement avec eux durant les heures où Gibson avait été présent, il savait qu'ils ne s'étaient pas lâchés d'une semelle. Un simple coup d'œil à leurs retrouvailles lui avait suffi pour comprendre que le temps qui s'était écoulé entre le départ du Français et ce moment-là n'avait absolument rien changé à la manière dont ils se percevaient l'un l'autre. C'était précisément à cet instant qu'Alex avait compris que les sentiments qu'éprouvait Tommy à l'égard de Gibson étaient réciproques. C'était à ce moment qu'il avait vu toutes ses chances s'envoler en fumée. Il avait eu beau essayer d'impressionner Tommy en se prenant pour un héros de guerre, en tentant de l'amadouer en lui donnant toutes ses ressources dès qu'il le pouvait, en lui prouvant qu'il pouvait prendre soin de lui lorsqu'il le réchauffait lors des nuits plus fraiches, en l'encourageant à chaque fois qu'il semblait croire que tout espoir de survie ou de victoire semblait inexistant, mais visiblement l'effet escompté n'avait jamais eu lieu. Alex n'était qu'un simple ami et qu'un frère d'armes aux yeux de Tommy. Rien de plus. Il savait que ça ne servait à rien de s'acharner. Pas après avoir assisté au loin à ces retrouvailles inattendues qui lui tourmentaient encore le cœur et l'esprit. Il était en colère contre lui-même pour être aussi obstiné et pour avoir perdu son énergie durant ces deux dernières années. Contre Gibson qui, contre toute attente, étant encore plus résistant qu'il ne l'aurait jamais crut. Contre Tommy qui n'était qu'un aveugle qui ne verrait jamais à quel point Alex n'avait que d'yeux pour lui. Sa colère éclata quelques jours plus tard, lorsqu'ils furent bien établis en Égypte, près El-Alamein en vue de leur prochain combat lorsque Tommy fit enfin les premiers pas vers Alex tandis qu'il mangeait son repas. \" Hey mate. It's been a while. \" Pour toutes réponses, Alex releva lentement les yeux de son assiette. Il avait l'impression d'être pris pour un con. Il savait parfaitement que Tommy se servait de lui comme roue de secours. Ça avait toujours été le cas que ce soit à Dunkerque ou encore au stade. Il avait toujours été le dernier pilier du trio et maintenant qu'il s'était remis de ses émotions, Tommy revenait vers lui. Il avait envie de lui hurler dessus, mais au lieu de se laisser emporter par son impulsivité, Alex avait rebaissé les yeux sur sa nourriture avant de hausser les épaules. \" I can't take this heat anymore. It slowly drives me crazy \" rajouta Tommy avant de se laisser tomber aux côtés d'Alex. Il cessa aussitôt de manger avant de pousser un petit soupir agacé. \" What's wrong? \" Alex le regarda franchement. Tommy affichait une expression de surprise, comme s'il n'avait vraiment aucune idée du pourquoi son ami agissait de cette manière. Alex secoua la tête devant autant d'incrédulité. Si autrefois cette naïveté l'avait fait complètement craquer, elle l'énervait désormais. \" What? \" \" Really Tom? You ask ME what's wrong? You should ask this question for yourself! \" Alex vit la stupéfaction se peindre sur le visage de Tommy et il secoua de nouveau la tête. \" You have no idea? Not a single clue? \" \" Maybe… I just don't understand why you are so mad at me… \" \" Really Tom? Do you want me to draw a picture? \" Cette fois-ci, Tommy demeura silencieux. Il ne semblait pas méditer la question. Il semblait plutôt avoir compris quel était le vrai problème. Alex vit de la désolation dans ses yeux, mais elle ne l'atteignit pas. \" You were the one who was avoiding us Alex, I never asked you to… \" \" Go fuck yourself. \" Sans plus de cérémonie, Alex se leva brusquement en abandonnant Tommy derrière lui. Il ne comprenait rien. Il ne comprendrait jamais rien parce qu'il n'aurait jamais le cœur brisé comme lui l'avait. Tommy avait regardé son ami s'éloigner avec un pincement au cœur. Il comprenait son mal-être, mais il ne pouvait pas faire autrement. Il n'avait jamais voulu qu'Alex se sente à part ou qu'il soit blessé face à l'absence de réciprocité. Il était son ami et il ne lui souhaitait pas le voir souffrir. D'un autre côté, Tommy n'avait jamais prévu le retour inattendu de Gabriel. Il s'agissait d'une belle surprise qui avait duré quelques heures et si ça lui avait redonné une bonne dose de courage, ça avait visiblement fait tout l'effet contraire pour Alex. Et ça le blessait. Il souhaitait réellement arranger les choses avec son ami. Mine de rien, il avait vécu plusieurs épisodes avec lui au cours de ces deux dernières années et il ne souhaitait pas perdre son amitié à cause d'une jalousie qui n'avait pas lieu d'être. Tommy comptait laisser retomber la poussière avant de reprendre la conversation avec Alex. Il avait parfois un tempérament de feu, mais il se doutait que tôt ou tard, il finirait par tout oublier ou qu'il passerait au moins à autre chose. En attendant, Tommy vivait une profonde solitude. Cela faisait maintenant quelques jours que Gabriel était reparti de son côté en compagnie de ses camarades d'armée et il se sentait à peine remis de cette nouvelle séparation. Elle lui avait semblé encore plus douloureuse que la première comme s'il se doutait que le miracle qu'il soit encore en vie ne durerait pas très longtemps. Deux ans de guerre et pas une seule égratignure. Ça relevait presque de l'impossibilité. Il espérait simplement que Gabriel ait encore en sa possession l'adresse qu'il lui avait donnée. S'il s'en sortait vivant, peut-être qu'il serait en mesure de pouvoir le retrouver. Il le pensait sincèrement. Il croyait en cette bonne fin en dépit de tout. Durant les séances d'entraînement qu'ils effectuèrent les jours suivants, Tommy s'efforça de laisser Alex tranquille. Il lui jetait cependant de nombreux coups d'œil en espérant que celui-ci s'apercevrait qu'il n'était pas oublié et qu'il pouvait toujours venir lui parler s'il le désirait. Alex continuait de l'ignorer et il semblait s'être trouvé de nouveaux amis au sein des militaires présents sur la base. Deux semaines après leur arrivée en territoire égyptien, les hommes furent rassemblés par leur capitaine afin de débuter les nouvelles attaques. Ils avaient passé leurs journées à revoir leur entraînement et malgré le vent de fatigue qui s'abattait sur ces jeunes combattants, ils savaient qu'ils étaient là pour une raison : celle de repousser l'ennemi qui menaçait constamment d'envahir la ville d'Alexandrie. Entre temps, de nombreux chars d'assaut et d'autres effectifs militaires importants étaient venus joindre leur force à la leur, leur donnant un peu plus d'espoir concernant les prochains événements. \" Alright boys, this is it. We are now ready to pull up a new fight and this time, we are more than prepared \" annonça le capitaine aux hommes qui lui faisaient face. Ils l'écoutèrent tous attentivement tandis qu'il donnait le plan de match. Il décida de ne pas envoyer toute la troupe dont il disposait, mais plutôt une série de groupes afin de se garder des réserves pour d'éventuelles attaques. Il commença par annoncer quel homme faisait partie de quel groupe et Tommy apprit rapidement que lui et Alex ne faisaient pas partie de la même vague. Ils seraient donc envoyés au front en différé. Tommy ressentit une pointe de nervosité au fond de son être. Il n'avait jamais pris part à un combat sans Alex à ses côtés et il sentait que cette absence durant les moments les plus intenses serait plus difficile, voire même insurmontable. Il s'était toujours senti plus protéger aux côtés de son ami qui n'avait jamais hésité à prendre les devants et à se montrer plus vigilant lors de certaines occasions. Il avait sauvé la vie de Tommy à plus d'une reprise et il ignorait sincèrement s'il parviendrait à survivre à ce nouvel affront sans lui. Le pire était qu'Alex était dans le groupe numéro un. Il était donc dans les premiers à partir pour explorer le terrain inconnu et à constater les forces ennemies approximatives. \" All the men in group one and two, be prepared. You have a few minutes to get ready \" poursuivit le capitaine avant de laisser ses militaires vaquer à leurs occupations. Tommy n'avait pu s'empêcher de se diriger vers Alex. Il avait voulu lui laisser du temps, mais maintenant qu'il était compté, il faisait les premiers pas. Il avait besoin de lui parler et de régler cette histoire une bonne fois pour toutes. Il le retrouva en train de vérifier les armes dont il disposait. À son approche, Alex ne lui jeta même pas un regard. \" Alex please… We need to talk about this… You are my friend, I care about you and I don't want our relationship to be destroyed by something you and I can't control… \" Sa voix était suppliante. \" There's nothing to say \" répliqua Alex d'une voix tendue en continuant de frotter la lame de son couteau. \" You really mean something to me Alex. If something bad happens to you, I don't know how I will react. Don't blame me for not feeling the same way about you. I still care, I still like you. You're like a brother to me. \" Alex poussa un soupir avant de relever lentement la tête vers son ami. Ses yeux n'exprimaient que de la colère et de la frustration. \" If you care so much about me, then why the fuck did you choose him? Why the fucking Frog? What does he have that I don't? \" chuchota-t-il d'un ton méprisant. Surpris par ses questions, Tommy était pris au dépourvu. Lui-même ne parvenait même pas à expliquer ce qui l'attirait chez Gabriel. Il avait simplement connecté avec lui sans forcer les choses avant de se retrouver complètement enivré par des émotions qu'il n'avait jamais ressenties auparavant pour une autre personne. \" I didn't choose Alex… You don't choose the one you… Look can't we just be friends? You are a good mate Alex and I really hope we can still be friends despite all of this. This is all I'm asking. \" Il espérait sincèrement qu'Alex finirait par comprendre qu'il ne faisait pas ça pour le faire souffrir. Il souhaitait réellement que les choses s'arrangent et qu'ils puissent passer par-dessus cette jalousie qui était devenue un poids dans leur amitié. Alex continuait de le regarder avec des yeux remplis de rancœur. \" I can't. \" Cette réponse fit mal à Tommy. Il n'acceptait pas le fait de laisser partir Alex. Il ignorait si c'était à cause de cette habitude à l'avoir toujours près de lui ou si c'était parce qu'il était égoïste au fond de lui, mais il ne voulait pas croire que leur amitié était terminée à cause de sentiments non partagés. Il avait envie de le supplier, de lui dire qu'il n'arriverait pas à survivre s'il n'était pas à ses côtés, mais il garda le silence. Il se contenta simplement de regarder son ami avec une infinie tristesse au fond du regard. Ils se regardèrent en silence durant quelques secondes et Tommy perçut un léger changement dans le regard de son ami. Il semblait désormais attendri par le comportement non verbal de Tommy et il rangea son couteau avant de s'approcher légèrement de lui. Au loin, ils entendirent le capitaine appeler les hommes qui devaient partir. \" I'm sorry Tom, I can't. Not like this. It's a torture to look at you without being able to touch you or to… \" Il s'interrompit dans ses paroles avant de se mordre la lèvre inférieure et de baisser la tête. \" I just can't do this anymore. I'm sorry. \" Puis, Alex le contourna avant d'aller dans la direction où d'autres hommes se dirigeaient. Tommy tourna la tête pour le regarder s'éloigner avec un nouveau pincement au cœur. Leur amitié était bel et bien terminée et il n'arrivait toujours pas à y croire tant cette séparation lui était douloureuse. Il continua de l'observer tandis qu'il montait à bord d'un véhicule en compagnie d'autres militaires. Sans le savoir, c'était la dernière fois qu'il voyait Alex. Après être venues prêter main-forte à l'armée britannique en Libye, les Forces françaises libres avaient repris leur chemin en direction de la Tunisie où le conflit se poursuivait alors que les forces de l'Axe prolongeaient leur chaos. Gabriel était surpris de voir à quel point cette guerre affectait de plus en plus de pays et cette constatation le démoralisait complètement. Les ennemis semblaient vouloir mettre la main sur tout ce qu'ils pouvaient, créant souffrances et morts sur leur passage. Des millions d'innocents avaient déjà été sacrifiés en l'honneur d'un homme qui semblait croire que tout lui était acquis et cette situation catastrophique mettait tout le monde sur le qui-vive. Gabriel n'en pouvait tout simplement plus de toute cette violence injustifiée. Plus les semaines avançaient et plus il devenait écœuré du boulot qu'il occupait. Au départ il croyait que ce conflit ne durerait que quelque temps, mais il semblait perdurer. La seule bonne chose qu'Hitler lui avait apportée fut la connaissance de Tommy. Cependant, cette rencontre causait également de la déception : celle de ne pas pouvoir être avec lui en tout temps. Gabriel avait été plus qu'heureux de retrouver Tommy en plein désert libyen, mais tout ceci lui avait donné une consolation douce-amère. Aux dernières nouvelles il allait bien, mais si ça se trouvait, il était déjà mort. Encore une fois, Gabriel tâchait de reculer ces pensées noires au plus profond de son esprit en se concentrant sur la nuit qu'il avait pu passer à ses côtés. Il s'était gardé éveillé toute la nuit juste pour pouvoir observer Tommy qui s'était endormi paisiblement contre lui. Il avait chéri ces heures du mieux qu'il avait pu et il ne regrettait pas d'avoir troqué quelques heures de sommeil pour profiter un peu plus du doux visage de celui qui hantait toutes ses pensées. Mais il était rapidement revenu à la réalité. À la cruelle et triste réalité. Celle où les hommes tombaient comme des mouches, assassinés de sang-froid par d'autres qui croyaient en autre chose. Celle où il risquait sa vie à tout moment pour défendre ce qu'il croyait être juste à ses yeux. Il continuait de se battre pour une fois de plus retrouver Tommy et vivre finalement heureux, loin de toute cette souffrance inutile. Les nouveaux combats n'avaient pas tardé à s'acharner sur eux et Gabriel continuait de faire son possible pour rester en vie et surtout pour ne pas flancher face à toutes les horreurs auxquelles il assistait quotidiennement. Louis continuait de poursuivre les sanglantes aventures à ses côtés et Gabriel remerciait le ciel d'avoir la chance de bénéficier d'un ami si exceptionnel. Quelques semaines après sa nouvelle séparation avec Tommy, Gabriel se retrouvait au cœur d'un conflit particulièrement difficile. Les Forces françaises libres étaient entourées d'ennemis qui ne semblaient pas vouloir lâcher leur prise sur leurs adversaires. La tension montait tandis que le nombre de français diminuait considérablement. La situation était devenue hors de contrôle et bientôt, il leur fut impossible de gagner du terrain sur leurs ennemis. Gabriel priait intérieurement pour que la situation se rétablisse rapidement. Il espérait voir les Britanniques débarqués pour les sauver comme eux l'avaient fait, mais il s'agissait d'un fantasme irréaliste. Au lieu de cela, il s'accrochait à son arme et à Louis qu'il ne lâchait pas d'une semelle. Ils couraient à travers un village déserté afin de pouvoir rejoindre le reste de leur groupe qui les attendait à un endroit stratégique et sécuritaire. Il s'agissait de leur dernière action avant d'être enfin en sécurité après avoir passé deux journées entières à se battre entre les diverses maisons qui subissaient d'importants dommages face aux différentes offensives qui continuaient d'affluer. Ils étaient à quelques mètres d'atteindre leur objectif, lorsque soudain, Gabriel ressenti une profonde douleur dans sa jambe droite. Il poussa un juron avant de tomber à plat ventre sur le sol : il ne parvenait plus à se tenir debout. - Louis ! appela-t-il d'une voix désespérée. Il vit son ami se retourner et rebrousser chemin pour revenir jusqu'à lui. Il lui attrapa par les bras avant de parvenir à pouvoir le remettre debout. - Mon genou… Merde ces salauds m'ont éclaté le genou… se lamenta Gabriel en tâchant de s'agripper à Louis du mieux qu'il le pouvait. - On va te mettre en lieu sûr. On y est presque ! Gabriel suivit Louis en mettant tout son poids sur sa jambe gauche en grimaçant de douleur. Son cœur battait à pleine vitesse tandis que les balles ennemies continuaient de déferler dans leur direction. Louis essayait de les conduire derrière l'une des maisons qui se trouvaient tout près afin d'être moins à couvert, mais Gabriel savait qu'il était un poids mort. Même s'il y mettait tous ses efforts afin qu'ils puissent avancer plus vite et trouver refuge, il savait que ce n'était pas assez et il redoutait à tout instant que la mort s'abatte sur eux une fois pour toutes. Ce qui devait arriver arriva. Sans faire un seul son, Louis s'effondra sur le sol en entraînant Gabriel dans sa chute. Il cria de douleur une nouvelle fois lorsque son genou blessé heurta violemment le sable. Ils étaient désormais à la merci des ennemis qui se trouvaient le plus près d'eux et intérieurement, Gabriel flippait. L'adrénaline s'empara de lui tel un choc électrique et il se retourna vivement sur le dos en ignorant le mal qui lui paralysait la jambe. Il repéra aussitôt deux ennemis armés qui se dirigeaient vers eux et il leva son arme sans hésitation avant de faire feu dans leur direction. - Fils de pute ! hurla-t-il tandis que l'un d'entre eux s'effondrait au sol et que l'autre, blessé à la main, laissait tomber son arme. Gabriel visa sa tête avant d'appuyer une fois de plus sur la gâchette. Le deuxième ennemi rendit aussitôt son second souffle. Au loin, il entendit ses camarades français crier son nom. - On vient vous prêter renfort ! Il tourna la tête pour s'apercevoir que quelques militaires s'avançaient avec précaution vers eux et Gabriel fut soulagé de les voir. Il savait très bien qu'il ne parviendrait pas à se relever sans aide. Quant à Louis… Il reporta son attention sur son ami qui avait toujours le visage contre le sable. - Louis… ? Il parvint à s'assoir sur le sable avant de saisir les vêtements de son ami et de le forcer à se tourner vers lui. Dès qu'il se rendit compte de la condition de Louis, une profonde tristesse prit Gabriel d'assaut. Louis était mort. Son visage était tordu dans une éternelle expression de douleur, ses yeux étaient encore grands ouverts de surprise et un filet de sang s'écoulait de ses lèvres entrouvertes. Au niveau de son cœur, il y avait une importante tâche d'hémoglobine sur son uniforme. Les larmes montèrent aux yeux de Gabriel tandis qu'il enlaçait le défunt dans ses bras. Il n'arrivait pas à croire qu'il venait de perdre son meilleur ami. La douleur qu'il ressentait au plus profond de son cœur était beaucoup plus puissante que celle plus physique, de sa jambe. Un immense sentiment de perte l'envahissait tandis que les soldats français étaient attroupés autour de lui. - Pascal, ça va ? demanda l'un d'entre eux. - Louis… Ces fils de putes ont tué Louis… Il avait l'impression que c'était quelqu'un d'autre qui avait prononcé ces mots tant il ne reconnaissait pas sa voix. Il se sentit tiré vers l'arrière, mais il insista à garder sa prise sur les vêtements de Louis. - Il faut l'amener avec nous… - On ne peut pas et tu le sais très bien. Allez lâche le, il faut se mettre à couvert ! Gabriel glissa l'une de ses mains sur la chemise de Louis avant de déboutonner l'une des poches avant. Tout en continuant de le maintenir contre lui, ses doigts agrippèrent une enveloppe qu'il extirpa d'un geste lent. Il jeta un dernier regard aux yeux vides d'expression qui le fixaient. - I'll keep my promises. See you on the other side my friend. Les autres le tirèrent une fois de plus et Gabriel lâcha définitivement le corps qui retomba mollement sur le sol. Il se fit remettre sur pied avant de se faire traîner vers l'objectif où d'autres militaires les attendaient. Gabriel serra la mâchoire à chaque pas tremblant qu'il effectuait. Sa jambe le faisait atrocement souffrir, mais il remerciait le ciel d'être encore en vie. Louis n'avait pas eu cette chance. Après cet épisode riche en émotions, Gabriel fut déclaré comme étant inapte au combat. On ne craignait pas pour sa vie, mais il lui était désormais impossible de pouvoir poursuivre la guerre dans sa condition et il reçut son congé de l'armée après avoir rejoint une troupe d'infirmiers qui l'opérèrent d'urgence au genou afin de retirer la balle coincée dans l'articulation. En compagnie d'autres blessés, Gabriel monta à bord d'un hélicoptère qui allait les rapatrier vers la Suisse afin qu'il reçoive d'autres soins. Seul et toujours aussi terrorisé par l'avenir, Gabriel fit ce qu'il faisait à chaque fois que tous les espoirs semblaient le quitter : il sortit de sa poche l'article de journal.[Chapter 9] Plus le temps avançait, plus il évoluait au sein de l'armée et plus Tommy s'apercevait à quel point il avait changé. Si la guerre l'avait profondément traumatisé au départ lors de sa première campagne à Dunkerque, il avait l'impression de ne plus rien ressentir désormais. Il observait les nouveaux soldats fraîchement débarqués avec une once de pitié en sachant pertinemment qu'ils finiraient par perdre leur innocence. Il savait que tôt ou tard, ils seraient pris d'assaut par d'innombrables cauchemars et que les remords d'avoir tué un autre être humain allaient les hanter pour le reste de leur vie. Ça, c'était uniquement s'ils survivaient au périple meurtrier. Il ignorait s'il était chanceux d'avoir survécu jusqu'ici ou si le destin ne faisait que s'acharner sur lui en mettant constamment sa vie en jeu. Quoi qu'il en soit, il continuait d'endurer ses peurs et ses souffrances en silence. Depuis qu'Alex n'était plus à ses côtés, il semblait avoir perdu une partie de lui-même, de son humanité. Il n'avait pas revu son ami depuis qu'il s'était retrouvé à être parmi les premiers envoyés sur le terrain d'El-Alamein. Si la majorité des autres combattants étaient revenus sains et saufs, son ami s'était retrouvé sur la liste des disparus. Personne ne semblait savoir ce qu'il était advenu de lui. Dans l'imagination de Tommy, les pires scénarios concernant le destin tragique d'Alex fusaient de toute part. Il le voyait se faire encercler par les ennemis sans que les autres n'interviennent avant de se faire prendre comme prisonnier de guerre à la suite de quoi, il s'imaginait les pires scènes de tortures. Il le voyait se faire cribler de balles avant de sombrer dans l'oubli pour l'éternité. Il voyait son corps éclater en mille morceaux après qu'il ait posé le pied sur une mine antipersonnel enfouie dans le sable. Ces derniers scénarios étaient les plus favorables dans l'esprit de Tommy. Il y avait tant de possibilités et aucune certitude, mais il espérait sincèrement qu'Alex était mort rapidement et sans douleur. Suite à cette disparition, la guerre avait pris un tournant encore plus sinistre aux yeux de Tommy et même s'il fantasmait constamment de retrouver Gabriel, ça ne semblait pas assez suffisant pour combler le vide qu'il ressentait au fond de lui-même. Puisqu'il était devenu un vétéran au fil des années, on lui avait offert l'opportunité de rentrer chez lui. Ses supérieurs prenaient en considération qu'il avait rempli plus que son mandat en servant dans différentes campagnes et en survivant à tous les combats qu'il avait effectués. Tommy avait longtemps réfléchi à ce bénéfice avant de finalement refuser et de poursuivre son travail de militaire. Sa vie à la mine lui manquait et sa mère encore plus, mais il savait que le salaire qu'il obtenait en continuant de participer à la guerre était plus important que celui qu'il avait en tant que minier. Cependant, la question monétaire n'était pas la réelle raison du pourquoi Tommy avait humblement refusé l'offre : il était terrorisé à l'idée de retrouver un quotidien normal. Il craignait que son indifférence face à tout ce qu'il vivait ne se transforme en quelque chose de douloureux et de plus réaliste. Il avait peur de sombrer dans des excès de violence injustifiés. Il angoissait à l'idée de ne plus servir à rien, d'être transformé en lâche ou en pleurnichard. Il avait eu l'occasion de voir plusieurs hommes craquer sous la pression et il n'avait pas envie de subir le même sort. Il préférait encore trouver la mort que d'être prisonnier de cet état second qui transformait le meilleur soldat en une coquille complètement vide. Il savait qu'il se dirigeait lentement, mais sûrement vers cette voie et il voulait retarder ce moment le plus que possible. C'était en restant au front qu'il parvenait à survivre dans cet univers parallèle dans lequel il était plongé depuis le moment où il avait inscrit son nom sur la liste des volontaires. Alors il continuait à faire ce qu'on lui avait appris. C'est-à-dire obéir aux ordres donnés par ses supérieurs, continuer à survivre et tuer sur demande. Il était devenu un automate pour chacune de ses actions, alors qu'il avait survécu à El-Alamein tandis que les Alliés avaient bénéficié d'une belle victoire stratégique. Tommy avait ensuite suivi son armée pour débuter l'opération Husky durant l'été de 1943. Joignant leur force à celles des Français, des Américains et des Canadiens, les Britanniques envahirent la Sicile à la demande de leurs généraux. Lorsqu'il avait aperçu les combattants français, Tommy avait vraiment espéré rencontrer Gabriel de nouveau. Il s'était mis à marcher parmi eux en détaillant rapidement chaque visage qu'il croisait. Il avait arrêté certains d'entre eux en leur demandant s'ils ne connaissaient pas un Gabriel. Un des soldats lui mentionna qu'il y avait effectivement un dénommé Gabriel qui se trouvait parmi eux. Aussitôt, les yeux de Tommy s'étaient mis à pétiller de bonheur tandis que l'autre s'était mis à appeler l'homme en question. Il avait vu ses espoirs tomber en mille morceaux lorsque le Gabriel s'était présenté à lui. Tommy avait secoué la tête avec chagrin en s'excusant de l'erreur qu'il avait commise. Il avait poursuivi ses recherches, mais sans grande espérance. Plus il avançait parmi la foule et plus il s'apercevait qu'il ne reconnaissait aucun de ces hommes. Gabriel n'était pas là avec eux. Seul Dieu savait où il se trouvait. Une fois de plus, cette bataille d'à peine un mois offrit une victoire aux Alliés qui célébrèrent cette nouvelle réussite. Tommy ne s'était pas mêlé à ces festivités, préférant plutôt prendre ce moment d'accalmie afin d'écrire à sa mère. Leur correspondance perdurait toujours, mais ses lettres étaient devenues beaucoup plus courtes et moins détaillées. Il ne lui parlait que du strict nécessaire, c'est-à-dire lui signifier qu'il était toujours en vie et encore sur le champ de bataille. Qu'il n'avait subi aucune blessure importante et qu'il avait encore toute sa tête. Il lui demandait si elle continuait de recevoir l'argent qu'il gagnait pour ses services militaires et si elle avait des nouvelles de Gabriel. Il continuait d'attendre les réponses de sa mère avec grande impatience, espérant enfin pouvoir obtenir la réponse qu'il convoitait tant. Il était cependant déçu à chaque fois qu'elle lui apprenait qu'il n'avait reçu aucune lettre du soldat français. Peut-être que Gabriel l'avait déjà oublié ? L'absence de nouvelle le pesait constamment. Il se sentait plus seul que jamais. Suite à ces nombreuses déceptions, il cessa de demander à sa mère pour Gabriel. Ça ne servait à rien d'espérer. Durant les mois qui suivirent l'opération Husky, l'armée britannique poursuivit sa lancée de succès en enchaînant différentes campagnes partout à travers l'Europe tandis que les fronts continuaient de se multiplier. Au début de l'année de 1944, Tommy fonça la tête baissée dans les divers combats sur la Ligne Gustave avec une indifférence particulière. Il se sentait amer, épuisé et complètement vidé de toute énergie. Il ne se souciait plus de son sort ou de celui de ses camarades. Il effectuait simplement son travail sans rien demander en retour tout en ravalant la rage qu'il ressentait pour les ennemis. Il souhaitait tous les voir mourir dans d'atroces souffrances. Il en venait à espérer que leurs familles entières soient décimées. Il désirait l'extermination de toutes les races qui prônaient la folie d'Hitler. C'est durant l'été de cette même année que tout s'écroula autour de Tommy. Tandis qu'il se trouvait sur la Ligne gothique, il se retrouva plongé dans un état d'âme particulièrement lourd et noir. Comme s'il n'était plus en possession de son corps, il s'était avancé vers un ennemi qui lui faisait dos avant de s'élancer sur lui comme un oiseau de proie. Laissant de côté son arme à feu, il s'était emparé du couteau qu'il traînait constamment sur lui avant d'enfoncer la lame meurtrière dans les côtes de l'autre. S'il avait d'abord tenté de se libérer de cette attaque sournoise, il perdit rapidement tous ses repères et ne put que subir les actions de Tommy. Toujours enivré par sa fureur et son désir de faire mal à l'adversaire, il continua de massacrer le corps en dessous de lui tandis que des gouttelettes de sang revolèrent dans l'air, s'accrochant parfois à la peau de Tommy. \" Die! Just fucking die you piece of shit! Fucking die you fucking Nazi! \" Il avait continué de hurler sa colère en plantant encore et encore son couteau dans le ventre de l'Allemand. Ce n'est que lorsqu'il se rendit compte que l'autre était mort qu'il cessa toute action. C'est également à ce moment qu'il prit réellement conscience de ce qu'il venait de faire. De ce qu'il était devenu. Tommy avait lâché son couteau avant de vivement reculer de la scène de crime en titubant. Pris d'assaut par l'horreur qui le foudroyait, il était complètement sous le choc. \" Monster… I'm a fucking monster… \" La terre semblait trembler sous ses pieds et il n'avait eu d'autre choix que de s'asseoir sur le sol avant de replier ses jambes contre son corps. Se balançant de l'avant vers l'arrière, il ne parvenait pas à détacher ses yeux du corps inerte qui baignait dans une mare de sang. Il n'arrivait pas à croire qu'il était l'auteur de cette horrible vue. Il ignora pendant combien de temps exactement il restait là dans sa position recroquevillée à observer le cadavre ensanglanté, mais ce fut assez pour que son esprit imprime bien la scène dans tous ces détails. Lorsque d'autres hommes de son armée s'approchèrent de lui afin de le remettre sur pieds, il n'eut aucune réaction, comme si une partie de lui-même avait quitté son corps. L'un d'entre eux s'agenouilla devant lui avant de lui parler, mais Tommy n'entendit rien. Il ne voyait que ses lèvres bouger, mais aucun son ne semblait sortir de sa bouche. Il ignorait si l'autre le faisait exprès ou s'il était simplement devenu sourd. Ses coéquipiers le relevèrent lentement et Tommy se sentit paralysé. Il était capable de faire les mouvements que les autres voulaient, mais il savait que dès qu'ils le lâcheraient il s'effondrerait. Il tremblait violemment de la tête aux pieds comme si un énorme frisson s'était soudainement emparé de lui. Il voulait parler, mais il semblait avoir momentanément oublié l'usage de la parole. À cet instant précis, Tommy était certain qu'il était en train de mourir. Les autres le conduisaient lentement, mais sûrement, vers l'un des véhicules militaires qui les avaient conduits sur place. Il monta à bord en compagnie de deux autres hommes. L'un des hommes s'installa derrière le volant tandis que le second resta près de Tommy. Il continuait de lui parler, mais encore une fois il n'entendit rien. Il se fit reconduire au quartier général avant de se faire recueillir par l'un des supérieurs qui lui offrir une tape amicale dans le dos. \" It's alright boy. The war is over for you. You've done more than enough. \" Tommy regarda l'homme avec une certaine reconnaissance, heureux d'apprendre qu'il n'avait pas perdu l'usage de son ouïe. Environ une semaine plus tard, Tommy se retrouva dans l'aile psychiatrique de l'hôpital de Londres. Complètement désorienté par ce nouvel environnement et cette réalité différente dans laquelle il baignait, il se sentait davantage troublé. Les autres pensionnaires l'insécurisaient davantage. Certains faisaient si peur à voir avec leurs comportements violents que Tommy se demandait constamment s'il était devenu fou. Il tâchait le plus que possible d'éviter tout contact avec les autres hommes puisqu'il craignait d'être attaqué. Même si Tommy n'était pas du genre agressif, il éprouvait parfois des crises de panique durant lesquelles il appelait Gabriel à tue-tête dans les différents corridors de l'aile dans l'espoir d'apercevoir son visage si familier sortir de l'une des nombreuses chambres. Durant de tels moments, il se faisait rapidement arrêté par les infirmières qui lui injectait un liquide qui le mettait aussitôt hors d'état de nuire. Plongé dans un sommeil perturbé rempli de violence et de haine, Tommy s'éveillait toujours en ayant l'impression d'être encore plus fatigué. La nuit, il faisait de l'insomnie et ne parvenait jamais à fermer l'œil en dépit de l'épuisement dans lequel il baignait constamment. Les journées étaient longues et ennuyantes tandis qu'il se perdait dans ses douloureux souvenirs amenés par le front. Quelques jours après son arrivée, alors qu'il se trouvait au lit après une nouvelle crise de panique, il vit sa mère assise à son chevet. Il dut la fixer durant de nombreuses secondes avant de s'apercevoir que la silhouette assoupie semblait vraiment réelle. \" Mom? \" fit-il d'une voix brisée. Sa mère ouvrit aussitôt les yeux avant de porter son regard sur son fils. Il vit un sourire compatissant apparaître sur ses lèvres alors que ses yeux s'embuèrent légèrement. \" Hi my beautiful son. \" Sa voix était douce et pleine d'affection. Sa mère était bel et bien là et Tommy n'y croyait tout simplement pas. Les larmes commencèrent à rouler sur ses joues sans qu'il ne comprenne réellement pourquoi. Il se sentait submerger par des émotions complètement contraires tandis qu'il était partagé entre la joie de retrouver sa mère qui lui avait tellement manqué et la culpabilité d'apparaître aussi fragile devant elle. Il aurait préféré qu'elle ne le voie pas dans sa tenue de malade avec son air exténué. Il s'attendit d'ailleurs à ce qu'elle lui fasse un commentaire sur son allure, mais elle se contenta simplement de se lever avant de s'installer à ses côtés. Ils se contemplèrent quelques secondes et Tommy pleura de plus belle avant qu'elle ne le serre contre elle. Il se laissa complètement aller tandis qu'il enfouissait son visage dans le cou de sa génitrice et qu'il fut pris d'incontrôlables hoquets. Ses doigts s'accrochèrent désespérément à la blouse de sa mère comme s'il craignait qu'elle disparaisse à tout moment. Ils restèrent longtemps accrocher l'un à l'autre et ils ne se séparèrent que lorsque Tommy se calma. Il avait un terrible mal de crâne et il se sentait complètement vidé, mais la vision de sa mère le réconfortait. Elle lui offrit un nouveau sourire auquel il fût capable de répondre. Ses lèvres étaient tremblantes à cause du trop-plein d'émotions, mais pour la première fois en plusieurs semaines, il parvenait enfin à sourire. \" I've got something for you. \" Sans pour autant lâcher Tommy, elle tendit vers les doigts vers son sac à main avant de le ramener vers elle. Au bout de quelques secondes, elle en extirpa une enveloppe qu'elle tendit à Tommy. Il s'empara de la lettre avec précaution avant de lire son nom complet et son adresse. Ses yeux s'attardèrent sur l'expéditeur. Il n'y avait pas d'adresse de retour, mais qu'un seul nom. Celui de Gabriel. Assis confortablement dans un fauteuil qu'il avait réussi à installer devant une fenêtre, Gabriel observait l'horizon qui semblait se dresser à l'infini devant lui. L'hôpital dans lequel il logeait depuis plusieurs mois était situé dans un endroit paisible entouré de nature qui offrait des moments de tranquillités sans égal. Malgré la quiétude des lieux, l'esprit de Gabriel était tourmenté. Même la vue de l'horizon ne parvenait pas à le faire complètement décrocher de cette espèce de tumulte dans lequel il se plongeait constamment contre son gré. Les horreurs de la guerre étaient encore bien présentes dans son esprit et il ne parvenait pas à s'en détacher comme il le souhaiterait. Il gardait le silence sur ses lourds secrets tandis qu'il revivait certains moments dans sa tête. C'était l'été de l'année de 1943. Sa blessure au genou le faisait beaucoup moins souffrir après avoir subi de nombreuses séances de réadaptation, mais il avait appris qu'il ne pourrait jamais retrouver la flexibilité et la stabilité qu'il avait eue autrefois. Il devrait utiliser une canne pour marcher durant le restant de ses jours. Gabriel ne s'était jamais cru immortel ou indestructible, mais il s'étonnait de tous les dommages qu'une seule balle pouvait causer à un corps humain. Non seulement cette blessure l'avait mis hors service, mais en plus il devrait se balader en vieillard alors qu'il n'était qu'un jeune adulte. Il se consolait en se disant qu'au moins il avait toujours l'usage de sa jambe, mais surtout qu'il était encore en vie. Il pensait souvent à son ami Louis qu'il avait dû abandonner en Tunisie. La culpabilité le rongeait à chaque fois qu'il se remémorait leur rencontre. Il savait très bien que son ami était mort en partie à cause de lui. S'il l'avait laissé partir plutôt que de l'appeler pour obtenir son aide, il aurait survécu. Il ignorait ce qu'il était advenu de son cadavre, mais il l'imaginait englouti par le sable ou bien mangé par les rapaces. Il aurait tellement voulu pouvoir rapatrier son corps d'une manière ou d'une autre, mais les événements ne lui en avaient pas laissé la chance. Gabriel avait toujours en sa possession la lettre qu'il avait extirpée de la chemise de Louis avant de le quitter définitivement. Il s'agissait d'une note qu'il avait écrite pour ses parents. Louis avait demandé à Gabriel de remettre cette lettre en personne à sa mère s'il survivait à la guerre sans lui. Gabriel avait acquiescé à cette requête et il comptait réellement se rendre à Paris pour rencontrer l'Américaine. Le seul problème était que la guerre n'était pas terminée et que revenir en France n'était pas aussi facile qu'il l'aurait souhaité. Le pays était sous l'Occupation allemande depuis longtemps et même s'il ne connaissait pas tous les détails des activités qui se déroulaient chez lui, il savait que retourner là-bas était un risque qu'il ne pouvait pas se permettre. Il se doutait bien que les FFL qui tentaient de revenir à la maison n'étaient pas les bienvenues et il n'avait pas envie de se retrouver comme un prisonnier de guerre ou pire encore. Il avait vu à de nombreuses reprises à quel point les hommes d'Hitler n'avaient aucune compassion pour leurs ennemis et même s'il craignait constamment pour la sécurité de sa famille, Gabriel savait qu'il ne pouvait rien faire pour eux. Rester à l'écart durant le reste du conflit était la chose la plus prudente à faire. C'est pourquoi il demeurait à l'hôpital qui logeait plusieurs blessés alliés qui provenaient de différents pays. Étant neutre durant le conflit, la Suisse se révélait être une nation bénéfique pour les réfugiés qui n'avaient nulle part où aller. Depuis qu'il était inapte à pouvoir se battre, Gabriel endossait ce nouveau titre d'exilé et il souhaitait remplir sa part du marché à défaut de pouvoir retourner chez lui. Il n'avait pas hésité à offrir son aide aux différentes infirmières qui semblaient constamment dans le besoin de personnel. Même s'il ne parvenait pas à transporter des patients ou à faire de grandes interventions médicales, Gabriel avait su se montrer utile à de nombreuses occasions. Il avait appris, à force d'observer le travail minutieux et rapide des aides-infirmiers, à nettoyer et désinfecter une plaie, à apprendre différentes techniques pour panser efficacement, à reconnaître les nombreux produits et médicaments utilisés le plus couramment et lesquels administrés dans quelles occasions, etc. Ce n'était que la base de ses connaissances, mais il sentait que son aide était grandement appréciée en dépit de l'écart du langage. La grande majorité du personnel parlait allemand, mais certaines personnes se débrouillaient très bien en français, ce qui lui avait permis d'apprendre encore plus rapidement. En échange de ses divers services, on lui permettait de pouvoir garder sa chambre. Malgré le nombre incalculable de corps mutilés qu'il rencontrait, cette activité lui changeait les idées. Gabriel aimait réellement pouvoir aider les gens et il se sentait valorisé et apprécié. Il retournait parfois au chevet de certains d'entre eux et il prenait plaisir à converser avec eux sur différents sujets. Quelques-uns se confiaient parfois à lui et il parvenait à comprendre leurs sentiments tant il se reconnaissait dans leurs récits. Il se lia d'amitié avec l'un des aides-soignants suisses, un dénommé William avec qui il partageait de nombreux points en commun. Lorsqu'il se retrouvait seul, les pensées de Gabriel étaient dirigées vers Tommy. Il continuait de regarder l'article de journal, mais la qualité de l'encre avait davantage dépéri. Les visages de Tommy et d'Alex étaient devenus méconnaissables tandis que le texte était rendu si pâle qu'il était désormais impossible de le lire. Pourtant, Gabriel continuait à passer de longues minutes à fixer l'endroit où se tenait Tommy tout en rêvassant au dernier moment qu'il avait passé avec lui. Il n'avait obtenu aucune nouvelle et c'était tout à fait légitime puisque l'Anglais n'avait aucun moyen de le rejoindre. Cependant, cette absence d'informations à son sujet le pesait constamment, surtout depuis qu'il était à l'abri de la guerre qui continuait de battre son plein. Il ignorait si Tommy était encore vivant et ça le rendait malade d'angoisse. C'est précisément pourquoi il avait décidé de lui écrire une lettre au début de l'année de 1944. Il n'était pas vraiment à l'aise de pouvoir écrire en anglais, surtout à cause de l'orthographe des mots. Pour parvenir à ses fins, il demanda de l'aide à son nouvel ami qui lui dénicha un petit dictionnaire anglais français qui lui permettait de pouvoir rédiger quelque chose de compréhensible. Il écrivit d'abord sa note en français avant de traduire le tout et de le lire à voix haute afin d'être certain que ça ressemblait à quelque chose. Dear Tommy, This letter won't be long cause I'm not so good at writing in english, but I wanted you to know that I'm still alive and I'm fine. I can't tell you where I am right now, but I am out of the war for good. Don't worry. Everything is still attached to my body and I feel good. I even think I have found what I want to do with my life when the war is over. I can't wait to share this new passion I have with you. I hope that you are okay cause I'm really looking forward to see you again. I promised that we will meet again. I'm whiling to do everything that I can so it happens. Keep on tight. Your friend, Gabriel. Le lendemain, il envoya la lettre à l'adresse indiquée sur l'enveloppe en priant pour qu'elle se rende à destination. Elle ne pourrait lui être retournée puisqu'il avait préféré ne pas indiquer où il se trouvait pour des mesures de sécurité, mais il espérait grandement qu'elle soit porteuse d'espoirs pour Tommy. Il se doutait qu'il ne pourrait probablement pas lire les mots par lui-même, surtout s'il se trouvait toujours au front, mais que sa mère puisse au moins lui transmettre le message. Gabriel poursuivit sa vie à l'hôpital en continuant son apprentissage. Il était devenu plus habile et plus sûr de lui-même. Il avait appris à pouvoir gérer sa propre blessure lorsqu'il se trouvait dans le feu de l'action en dépit de ses mouvements parfois limités. Plus il pratiquait et plus il aspirait réellement à vouloir travailler dans le domaine à la fin de la guerre. Il se tenait également informé grâce aux nouvelles qu'apportait William et il semblait que les choses allaient mal pour Hitler et ses adeptes. Ces informations renforçaient les espoirs de Gabriel de pouvoir bientôt rentrer en France. Son pays lui manquait terriblement et même s'il aimait bien les conditions dans lesquelles il était depuis un moment, il mourrait d'envie de pouvoir revoir sa mère. Le 8 mai 1945, quelques jours après le suicide du Führer, la nouvelle tant attendue était finalement devenue réalité : les Alliés avaient gagné la guerre en Europe. Le conflit n'était cependant pas tout à fait terminé puisque les combats sur les différentes îles japonaises continuaient d'affluer, mais l'Axe s'était retiré pour la grande majorité et les gens pouvaient enfin reprendre goût à leur liberté. Quelques semaines après cette grande victoire, Gabriel entreprit son voyage vers la France avec un certain pincement au cœur. Il remercia chaleureusement le personnel de l'hôpital qui l'avait accueilli avant de prendre la route en direction de Paris. Il comptait tout d'abord rendre visite aux parents de Louis avant d'effectuer son retour à Nantes. Si le cœur de Gabriel s'était mis à battre d'excitation tandis qu'il se rapprochait de la capitale française, il eut une tout autre émotion lorsqu'il se rendit compte des ravages causés par la guerre. Il n'avait pas souvent eu l'occasion de visiter Paris, mais il savait à quel point cette grande ville était parmi les plus jolies et les plus convoitées du monde et il se sentit terriblement triste de la voir en si piteux état. Plusieurs bâtiments et monuments historiques avaient été réduits en ruines. Les gens semblaient totalement épuisés et dépités malgré la victoire. Cependant, de nombreux citoyens mettaient la main à la pâte tandis qu'ils s'affairaient à ramasser les nombreux débris alors que d'autres s'attelaient à reconstruire ce qu'ils avaient perdu. Cette vision d'entraide venait apaiser le décor sinistre, mais Gabriel ne se sentait pas plus consolé. Il craignait de voir les impacts de la guerre sur sa ville natale et il priait intérieurement pour qu'elle n'ait pas trop souffert. Grâce à quelques indications, Gabriel trouva l'immeuble dans lequel avait grandi Louis. Contrairement à d'autres habitations, ce bloc d'appartements avait survécu aux différentes attaques et Gabriel en fut soulagé. Il prit son courage à deux mains avant de se présenter à la porte numéro deux. Une femme frêle lui ouvrit la porte et il fut foudroyé par son expression complètement dépitée. Elle semblait malade et totalement épuisée. - Bonjour madame. Je me nomme Gabriel et je suis ici parce que j'ai fait une promesse à votre fils Louis. À ce prénom, les yeux de la femme étaient devenus brillants. Il s'était empressé de sortir la lettre qu'il avait précieusement gardée durant ces dernières années avant de la lui rendre. - C'est pour vous. Il tenait absolument à ce que je vous l'apporte en personne. Complètement immobile dans l'entrebâillement de la porte, la femme tenait l'enveloppe entre ses mains tremblantes. Elle observa durant de longues secondes le papier en silence et Gabriel sentit qu'elle avait besoin d'être seule. - Je suis terriblement désolé pour votre perte, madame. Louis était un combattant hors pair et un ami très cher. Il ignorait quoi rajouter. La situation était délicate et la pauvre femme semblait être dans tous ses états. Sa tristesse le piquait en plein cœur et il se sentait soudainement très émotif. Il resta sur place durant quelques instants avant de finalement faire demi-tour. \" Come in… Please… \" murmura-t-elle avec un accent américain prononcé. Gabriel s'était arrêté avant de se retourner vers elle. Elle le regardait avec des yeux suppliants et il comprit toute la douleur qui la traversait. Il hocha lentement la tête avant de la suivre à l'intérieur de l'appartement. Il se laissa guider par la femme tandis qu'elle le conduisait jusqu'au salon. La pièce était inondée de photographies de Louis à tout âge et Gabriel était incapable de les observer trop longtemps. Le visage souriant et confident qui apparaissait sur chacune d'entre elles ne faisait que lui rappeler la dernière expression dans laquelle Louis s'était retrouvé figé pour l'éternité. Il s'assit sur l'un des fauteuils tandis qu'elle lisait la dernière lettre que son fils avait écrite pour elle. Il vit différentes émotions traverser ses traits et il avait aussitôt baissé la tête. La culpabilité de la mort de Louis le rongeait plus que jamais et il éprouvait une grande difficulté à rester dans cet appartement où il avait vécu toute sa jeune vie. C'est cependant sur un air nostalgique que se déroula le reste de la visite. Après qu'elle se soit remise de ses émotions, elle lui posa une multitude de questions concernant son fils et Gabriel lui répondit le plus sincèrement possible. Elle évoqua certains souvenirs de famille qui la firent sourire et qui remontèrent le moral de Gabriel. Louis semblait avoir eu une bonne vie et il en était reconnaissant. Il discuta plusieurs heures avec elle avant de finalement devoir quitter pour reprendre la route en direction de Nantes. \" Thank you. You're an angel. \" Elle le serra contre elle avant de lui faire la bise. Gabriel quitta l'endroit le cœur plus léger. Il se sentait en paix avec lui-même. Il avait fait ce qu'il fallait. Lorsqu'il arriva à Nantes quelques jours plus tard, il fut une nouvelle fois attristé par le spectacle sinistre que lui offrait sa ville natale. Elle avait été durement touchée et il fut chagriné de constater que plusieurs endroits qu'il affectionnait n'étaient plus là. La ville semblait avoir été bombardée à de nombreuses reprises, ne laissant aucun répit pour les habitants. Tout comme à Paris, les gens ne se laissaient pas abattre par la destruction tandis qu'ils rebâtissaient avec ardeur ce qui avait disparu. La demeure familiale était toujours là et cette simple constatation enleva un énorme poids sur les épaules de Gabriel. Il traversa les quelques mètres qui le séparaient de la maison avec la tête haute alors qu'il peinait à contenir la joie qui affluait en lui. La réunion avec ses parents se déroula mieux qu'il n'aurait jamais pu se l'imaginer. Même son père, qui avait toujours été critique et sans grande fierté pour son fils semblait réellement heureux de voir que Gabriel s'en était sorti indemne. Sa mère s'était retrouvée à la limite de l'hystérie ce qui l'avait bien fait rire. Ces retrouvailles lui firent le plus grand bien, mais il ne se sentait pas encore tout à fait complet. Pas tant qu'il n'aurait pas de nouvelles de Tommy. Pas tant qu'il ne le retrouverait pas.[Chapter 10] Voici le dernier chapitre de cette fiction ! Merci aux gens qui ont lu, j'espère que vous avez aimé ! :) La vie reprenait doucement son cours tandis que l'Europe se relevait de ces dernières années de souffrances. C'était également le cas de Gabriel qui se trouvait toujours à la demeure familiale. En dépit du temps qui s'était écoulé depuis son départ pour son entraînement militaire, les choses n'avaient pas changé dans la maisonnée. Si son père avait été heureux de retrouver son fils, il avait rapidement sombré dans ses mauvaises habitudes. Gabriel le surprenait le plus souvent avec une bouteille d'alcool à portée de main et il n'était pas rare qu'il retrouve son paternel complètement assommé par la boisson qui le consommait lentement, mais sûrement. Sa mère semblait de plus en plus désespérée par son comportement et la voir dans un tel état brisait le cœur de Gabriel. Il pensait de plus en plus à aller rendre visite à Tommy, mais il ne se sentait pas encore prêt. La Seconde Guerre prit officiellement fin le 2 septembre 1945 après une défaite totale du Japon. Gabriel eut de la difficulté à croire à cette nouvelle alors que le conflit avait agité la Terre entière depuis près six ans jour pour jour. Cette annonce le fit réfléchir quant à sa visite au Royaume-Uni. L'adresse de Tommy était toujours imprimée dans sa mémoire et il se doutait qu'il devait être de retour à la maison après la paix européenne survenue au printemps, mais il continuait d'hésiter. La peur de devoir faire face à une mauvaise nouvelle le rongeait. D'un autre côté, il mourait d'envie de le revoir et de pouvoir reprendre contact avec lui. Il avait songé à lui écrire une nouvelle lettre, mais il n'arrivait pas à mettre des mots sur ce qu'il souhaitait lui dire. L'envie se transforma peu à peu en besoin. Prisonnier entre les humeurs excessives de son père, les malheurs de sa mère et le fait d'ignorer totalement ce qu'il était advenu de Tommy, il eut l'impression que son état se dégradait peu à peu. Les différentes inquiétudes qu'il ressentait le rongeaient à petit feu. Les cauchemars étaient devenus récurrents et des idées noires commençaient à le hanter. Au mois d'octobre, il prit finalement la décision de faire ses bagages pour se rendre à l'endroit où résidait Tommy. Ses parents ne comprirent pas son départ soudain et il du même débattre de sa liberté contre son père qui refusait catégoriquement qu'il quitte la maison sous prétexte qu'ils avaient besoin de lui et qu'il n'avait pas à partir pour un simple ami rencontré sur une plage. - Vous avez survécu sans moi pendant des années. Vous saurez vous débrouiller sans mon aide. Je vous écrirai lorsque je serai à destination. Gabriel avait claqué la porte derrière lui en priant pour que son père reste tranquille. Il était inquiet pour sa mère, mais il reviendrait pour la soutenir dans sa situation. Il devait simplement avoir le cœur net en ce qui concernait Tommy. Il devait savoir ce qu'il était devenu. Il fit donc le voyage et il arriva quelques jours plus tard dans la ville où avait grandi Tommy. Après de nombreuses demandes d'indications à des habitants et quelques démarches pour parvenir à la destination, Gabriel s'arrêta devant la maison qui comportait l'adresse que Tommy avait inscrite des années auparavant derrière l'article de journal. L'endroit était joliment entretenu malgré l'âge avancé de la résidence. Différentes fleurs avaient été plantées en dessous des fenêtres ce qui la rendait chaleureuse et accueillante. Gabriel n'avait aucun doute qu'il se trouvait à la bonne place. Il n'y avait que quelques pas qui le séparaient de l'entrée de la petite demeure et il n'osait pas franchir ces derniers mètres. Il se sentait excité et très nerveux à la fois. Il mourrait d'envie de pouvoir revoir Tommy, mais il avait peur d'apprendre une mauvaise nouvelle et il ignorait la manière dont il réagirait si c'était le cas. D'un autre côté, il savait qu'il n'avait pas fait tout ce chemin pour rien, mauvaise nouvelle ou pas. Il prit une grande inspiration avant de s'avancer lentement sur le terrain. Son cœur frappait durement dans son torse. Sa main droite serrait inutilement le pommeau de sa canne. Il avait soudainement très chaud et il tira légèrement sur le col de son chandail. Il savait que les prochaines secondes allaient être soit les meilleures de sa vie, soit les plus terribles de toute son existence. Il n'avait pas d'autre choix que celui d'affronter le sort qui l'attendait de l'autre côté de la porte d'entrée. Il s'arrêta sur le seuil de la maison et il prit une seconde inspiration. D'un geste nerveux, il frappa à trois reprises sur la porte close avant de se racler la gorge. Gabriel ne s'était jamais senti aussi stressé par une rencontre. Il entendit des bruits de pas s'activer derrière la porte et il cessa soudainement de respirer tandis qu'il appréhendait l'identité de la personne qui allait l'accueillir. Le suspense cessa lorsque la porte s'ouvrit lentement sur une femme d'apparence assez jeune. Elle posa un regard interrogateur sur Gabriel qui se figea sur place. Il voulait ouvrir la bouche pour au moins se présenter, mais il s'en sentait complètement incapable. Un certain silence s'installa entre les deux individus qui se regardaient l'un l'autre. La femme semblait le détailler comme si elle était en train de se demander si elle devait le reconnaître ou non. Gabriel se sentait totalement ridicule et pourtant son corps refusait de s'activer comme s'il en avait perdu le contrôle. \" Hello \" fit-elle après quelques secondes. - Hello Madam. I'm a friend of Tommy and I was wondering if… \" Gabriel?! \" Son visage s'était soudainement éclairé et Gabriel nageait dans l'incompréhension. Elle affichait un sourire amical et accueillant comme si elle l'avait toujours connu. \" Come in! \" La femme lui fit un signe de la main avant d'ouvrir la porte toute grande. Gabriel hocha la tête avec un sourire timide avant d'entrer à l'intérieur de la maison. Elle referma la porte derrière lui avant de l'inviter à prendre place au salon. \" Would you like a cup of tea? \" demanda-t-elle d'une voix légère. - Yes Madam. Thank you. Elle lui fit un nouveau sourire avant de le laisser seul. Il resta planté au beau milieu de la pièce en se demandant si ce qu'il vivait était réel ou non. Tout était tellement soudain qu'il ne parvenait pas à croire ce qu'il se passait. Pourtant, il se trouvait bel et bien dans le salon de la maison où Tommy avait grandi : les diverses photos de lui ne mentaient pas sur ce fait. Gabriel se rapprocha d'un mur où certains de ces clichés étaient accrochés. Il se mit à sourire lorsque ses yeux croisèrent ce visage si particulier qu'il connaissait bien. Il s'arrêta devant la dernière photographie, soit celle officielle de l'armée. Tommy était habillé en uniforme et il affichait un petit sourire timide à la caméra. Gabriel détailla le portrait avec une certaine attention tandis qu'il se remémorait leur première rencontre à Dunkerque. Il se souvenait parfaitement de la manière dont l'avait regardé Tommy tandis qu'il l'avait découvert en train d'enterrer un cadavre. Gabriel avait eu peur, mais l'autre avait réussi à le rassurer d'un simple regard. C'était exactement cette même sérénité qu'il lisait dans les iris bleus éternellement fixes de la photographie. Il était perdu dans ses souvenirs lorsque la femme fit irruption dans le salon. \" This picture was taken a week before Dunkirk. \" Gabriel se retourna vers la femme qui lui présenta une tasse de thé. - Thank you. Il prit méticuleusement la boisson chaude de sa main libre. \" You can take a sit if you want to. \" Gabriel s'assit sur le divan tandis qu'elle prit place dans le fauteuil juste en face. Il prit une gorgée de thé avant de déposer le tout sur la table basse à ses côtés. La femme lui sourit de nouveau. \" Tommy's not here, but he must be on his way home right now. He'll be here in a few minutes. \" Gabriel hocha la tête tandis qu'il ressentit une certaine excitation s'emparer de lui. Il venait d'avoir la confirmation que Tommy était toujours vivant et qu'il habitait toujours à cette adresse. Il s'apprêtait à le voir et même s'il avait toujours l'impression de flotter dans un rêve, il tâchait de se convaincre qu'il s'agissait de la réalité. Gabriel était nerveux de le revoir. Il ignorait dans quel état se trouvait Tommy et s'il se souvenait de lui. Il angoissait aux idées négatives qui s'immisçaient en lui et il tentait de se réconforter. Si elle connaissait son prénom et si elle l'avait invité à entrer chez elle, c'était sans doute parce que Tommy lui avait un peu parlé de lui, non ? Un nouveau silence s'installa entre eux. La femme semblait le détailler de nouveau et Gabriel se sentait légèrement intimidé. Il fuyait son regard en prenant de nouvelles gorgées de thé comme si cette action lui permettait de pouvoir échapper à son attention. \" Your letter saved my son. \" fit-elle après un certain moment. Cette simple phrase attira toute son attention. Il regarda la femme dans les yeux tandis qu'elle jouait avec la cuillère qui reposait dans sa tasse. Elle semblait soudainement être à mille lieux, comme si elle était perdue dans ses pensées. \" He was so lost, so scared… I've never saw him like that and it broke my heart. But your letter… \" Elle s'interrompit et Gabriel eut un pincement au cœur. Il n'avait aucune idée de ce dont elle parlait, mais sa voix mélancolique n'indiquait rien de bon. Le simple fait de savoir que Tommy avait souffert d'une quelconque manière le rendit terriblement triste. Il baissa la tête, incapable de la regarder plus longtemps. \" Thank you for that. Thank you for being here today. He will be so happy to see you. \" Gabriel espérait que ce soit vrai. Il avait peur de la réaction qu'aurait Tommy. Il ignorait ce par quoi il était passé. Il savait pertinemment que ceux qui avaient participé à la guerre avaient changé. Il avait lui-même constaté certains changements chez sa personne et s'il avait acquis plus de confiance en lui, il était également devenu très nerveux. Qu'en était-il de son camarade ? La porte d'entrée s'ouvrit et Gabriel entendit la voix de Tommy résonner dans la maisonnée. \" Hi mom, I'm back! \" La mère de Tommy offrit un sourire rayonnant à Gabriel avant de se lever. Le cœur de Gabriel se mit à s'emballer tandis qu'il se leva à son tour. Il savait que dans quelques instants, il reverrait Tommy pour la première fois depuis des années et il était partagé entre l'excitation et l'angoisse. Il resta immobile en mettant tout son poids sur sa canne qui lui servait littéralement de pilier en cet instant fatidique. \" Did you have a nice day? \" demanda sa mère en se déplaçant légèrement vers l'entrée du salon. Gabriel entendit Tommy se déplacer et il prit une grande inspiration. Ses mains étaient moites et il ignorait combien de temps il serait capable de supporter la pression qu'il se mettait. \" It was okay. Mister Wallace was telling funny stories once again and mister Blackwood… \" Tommy s'interrompit brusquement lorsqu'il arriva face au salon. Son regard s'était aussitôt posé sur Gabriel qui n'avait toujours pas bougé devant le divan. \" I'm gonna let you two catch up \" annonça la mère avec un sourire en coin avant de s'éclipser de la pièce. Tommy demeura immobile dans son coin, les lèvres légèrement entrouvertes et les yeux ébahis, comme s'il n'arrivait pas à croire ce qu'il se passait. Gabriel restait tout aussi tranquille de son côté, tandis que ses yeux détaillaient Tommy. Ses vêtements étaient sales et son visage était couvert de poussière de charbon ce qui lui donnait l'air d'avoir passé une dure journée. À première vue, il ne semblait pas comporter de blessure majeure. Tout semblait être à sa place et Gabriel fut soulagé par cette confirmation. Après quelques secondes, Gabriel décida de briser le silence. L'attente lui était trop insupportable. - Hi. Il fit un sourire timide à Tommy. \" My God you're here… You're really here… \" Tommy s'activa enfin et Gabriel retint son souffle. Il traversa le salon à grandes enjambées, tandis que son regard ne quittait toujours pas celui de Gabriel. Il s'arrêta à quelques centimètres de lui avant de tendre les doigts et de les glisser contre sa joue. \" It's you, it's really you… \" - It's really me. Tommy semblait réellement troublé et pour l'espace d'une seconde, Gabriel était persuadé qu'il allait se mettre à pleurer. Sauf qu'il ne le fit pas. Il resta bien droit à contempler Gabriel comme s'il ne parvenait toujours pas à y croire. Suivant son instinct, Gabriel passa son bras libre par-dessus les épaules de Tommy avant de le rapprocher de lui. Leurs corps furent collés l'un contre l'autre et à ce premier contact, toutes les angoisses de Gabriel s'envolèrent comme si le simple fait d'avoir Tommy à proximité de lui l'avait convaincu qu'il n'avait rien à craindre. Il avait eu tellement peur que l'autre le rejette, mais ce n'était visiblement pas dans les intentions de Tommy. Leur étreinte fut complète lorsque Tommy passa ses bras autour de Gabriel avant de le serrer contre lui et d'enfouir son visage au creux de son cou. Ils restèrent ainsi durant une minute, profitant simplement de la présence de l'autre. Gabriel avait fermé les yeux afin de mieux apprécier ce moment qui était enfin devenu réalité. Il ne croyait toujours pas à la chance qu'il avait de pouvoir avoir Tommy près de lui. Il aurait pu être mort ou être porté disparu, mais il avait survécu à la guerre. Il était même revenu en un seul morceau, ce qui était encore plus exceptionnel. Peut-être qu'une force divine les avait protégés d'une quelconque manière, mais quoi qu'il en soit, Gabriel remerciait le ciel pour cette réunion. Tommy releva légèrement la tête et Gabriel ouvrit les yeux. Leurs visages étaient si près l'un de l'autre que le bout de leur nez se touchait délicatement. \" You did it. You found me \" murmura Tommy. Avant même que Gabriel n'ait eu le temps de pouvoir lui répondre, les lèvres de Tommy s'emparèrent des siennes. À ce moment-là, Gabriel eut une fois de plus l'impression que plus rien n'existait autour d'eux comme lors de leur baiser en Égypte. Tout ce qui comptait était cet échange qui se déroulait avec passion. Oubliant totalement que la mère de Tommy devait sans doute se trouver à proximité, Gabriel approfondit le baiser sans même réfléchir aux conséquences que cela pourrait avoir. Tommy répondit à ce changement sans reculer. Il serra même son emprise sur le corps de Gabriel qui laissa tomber sa canne sur le sol afin de mieux pouvoir agripper Tommy contre lui. Un bruit dans la cuisine les ramena à la réalité et ils interrompirent leur baiser, légèrement essoufflé. Tommy eut un petit rire lorsque ses yeux se posèrent de nouveau sur le visage de Gabriel. \" I totally forgot how dirty I can be after a day at work. I'm sorry. \" - I don't mind, fit Gabriel avec un sourire. Il ne parvenait pas à détacher ses yeux du visage de Tommy qui avait désormais l'air serein en dépit de la crasse noire qu'il avait çà et là. \" Come with me. \" La main de Tommy glissa dans la sienne et Gabriel se pencha légèrement afin de pouvoir rattraper sa canne qui était restée sur le sol. Il se laissa ensuite guider par Tommy qui le conduisit dans la salle de bain qui se trouvait tout près. Ils entrèrent à l'intérieur de la petite pièce avant que Tommy ne referme derrière eux. Il ouvrit ensuite la porte du placard à rangement avant d'en sortir une débarbouillette et une serviette propre. Il humidifia le gant de toilette avant de se retourner vers Gabriel et de nettoyer les quelques taches qu'il avait sur son visage. Tandis que Tommy exécutait son travail, Gabriel sentit une profonde affection l'envahir. À ce moment il savait qu'il ne voulait plus être séparé de lui, quelle que soit la raison. Il savait que si Tommy disparaissait une fois de plus de sa vie, il n'arriverait pas à survivre. Il avait besoin de lui plus que jamais. Il s'attardait aux petits détails de son visage sale et fatigué. Pourtant, en dépit de tout ça, Gabriel le trouvait parfait. Il n'avait jamais vu quelqu'un d'aussi beau. Tommy lui offrit un sourire. \" All new. \" Il se retourna vers le miroir avant de se laver le visage à son tour. Gabriel resta planté là, observant chaque mouvement que faisait Tommy tandis qu'il s'aspergeait le visage à grands jets d'eau. Il lui semblait voir cette scène au ralenti, comme s'il captait toute la grâce et la beauté de ce simple geste. Il continuait de le regarder tandis que l'autre s'essuyait le minois avec la serviette. Gabriel devait avoir l'air complètement con, mais il ne parvenait pas à se détacher de cette expression d'émerveillement peinte sur son visage. Tommy le vit dans le miroir et il eut un rire avant de se retrouver vers lui. \" What's going on? \" Il tenait toujours la serviette entre ses mains. Gabriel vit son regard amusé. - Je t'aime. L'expression de Tommy changea du tout au tout. Il passa de l'amusement à l'étonnement en l'espace d'une seule seconde. \" W-what…? \" - I love you. I really do. Tommy abandonna la serviette dans un coin de la salle de bain avant de se rapprocher de Gabriel. Sa main se posa doucement contre sa joue et ses yeux s'ancrèrent dans les siens. Son étonnement était toujours présent, mais il y avait quelque chose d'autre : il semblait soulagé. \" I love you too \" souffla-t-il avant de l'embrasser de nouveau. Gabriel fut plus qu'heureux d'entendre Tommy prononcer les mots sacrés à son intention. Il n'avait jamais douté des sentiments qu'il avait pu ressentir à son égard, mais Tommy aurait pu taire ses émotions. Le simple fait qu'il lui ai avoué à son tour valait tout l'or du monde aux yeux de Gabriel. Il avait l'impression que leur relation venait d'évoluer en quelque chose de plus concret, de plus fusionnel. Après ce nouvel échange, ils sortirèrent de la salle de bain. Main dans la main, Tommy le conduisit à l'étage supérieur de la maison. Gabriel ne put s'empêcher de jeter un coup d'œil à l'arrière tandis qu'ils montaient les escaliers. Il croyait que la mère de Tommy allait surgir de nulle part, mais ce ne fut pas le cas. Sans doute qu'elle était trop occupée à faire la cuisine. Il se laissa guider jusqu'à la chambre de Tommy qui referma la porte derrière lui. La pièce était plutôt sobre. Il n'y avait pas de décorations. Que le strict nécessaire. Gabriel n'eut pas le temps de se faire davantage de réflexion puisqu'il fut attiré vers Tommy qui semblait soudainement très avide de contacts. Gabriel se laissa enflammé par sa perspicacité qui prenait de plus en plus d'ampleur. Ils se retrouvèrent sur le lit assez rapidement. S'ils avaient dû s'abstenir durant leur courte réunion en Égypte, là ils pouvaient se permettre de s'aventurer sur des terrains inconnus. Tommy surplomba Gabriel et il s'arrêta soudainement pour le regarder une fois de plus. Il semblait hésiter à se lancer comme s'il prenait réellement conscience de ce qu'ils s'apprêtaient à partager. Gabriel remarqua qu'il tremblait légèrement et il fronça légèrement les sourcils d'inquiétude. - Are you okay ? \" I'm fine it's just… I'm so happy to be with you… I still can't believe you're here with me in my bedroom. It's so surreal. I feel like it's all a dream and I'm gonna wake up soon and you'll be gone and I- \" - I'm not gonna go anywhere. This is real. My feelings for you are real. I'm not gonna leave you, I swear. Gabriel s'appuya sur ses coudes avant de soulever le haut de son corps afin d'embrasser Tommy sur les lèvres. - I'm not gonna go except if you tell me to. \" Then you're staying here with me. \" Tommy embrassa de nouveau Gabriel avant de le repousser doucement sur le lit. Les choses reprirent exactement là où ils les avaient laissées quelques secondes plus tôt. Sauf que cette fois, il n'y eut plus d'hésitation d'un côté comme de l'autre. La passion et les découvertes étaient au rendez-vous. Bientôt, ils se retrouvèrent peau contre peau et Gabriel eut l'impression d'être traversé par un choc électrique. Des frissons lui parcoururent l'échine tandis que ses doigts et ses lèvres découvraient chaque parcelle du corps de l'autre. Il acceptait volontiers les caresses que lui offrait Tommy tout en lui redonnant toute l'affection qu'il ressentait pour lui. C'était doux, tendre et très charnel. Rapidement, Gabriel perdit toute notion tandis qu'il se donnait à cœur joie dans ces nouveaux élans d'affection. Même s'ils ne se rendirent pas jusqu'au bout pour cette première fois, ils parvinrent tout de même à atteindre un plaisir insoupçonné et partagé. Ils restèrent nus sous les draps sans parvenir à se détacher de l'autre tandis que le bonheur s'immisçait dans leurs cœurs respectifs. Aux yeux de Gabriel, ce moment fut parfait et il sentait que c'était réciproque lorsqu'il vit l'énorme sourire qui illuminait le visage de Tommy. Ce dernier ne cessait de le regarder et Gabriel ne parvenait pas à détacher son regard de celui qui lui avait tant manqué. \" Promise me you will never leave me. \" - I promise. From now on I will never leave your side ever again. Gabriel croyait fermement en ces paroles. Il comptait réellement les honorer. Jusqu'à ce que la mort les sépare. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: Je ne prétends pas connaître les horreurs vécues par les anciens combattants et cette f"},{"Movie":"The Uninvited","Title":"Trapped","Author":"DaughterOfTheSea","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10556619","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I Alexis \"It's freezing cold in here!\" I complained, rubbing my gloved hands together. My friend Nathan stood in front of a tall shelf piled with white boxes, his back facing me. \"It's the freezer room Alexis,\" he said. \"You can't walk in here expecting it to be like a sauna.\" \"Like it isn't cold enough outside.\" I mumbled mostly to myself. \"I didn't ask you to come here.\" He said, trying to defend himself. \"No, you just blackmailed me.\" He chuckled. \"Look, I've almost found it, so just hang on for a few more minutes.\" He said putting his foot on one of the shelves to climb up higher. Nathan was already pretty tall, but the shelves were higher than he could see. He was lean, with straight black hair that always fell just above his blue eyes. Heads turned to look at him wherever he went, partly because he was so good looking, and partly because they were looking out for themselves, hoping they wouldn't be a victim of one of his latest pranks. I have my brother, Tyler, to thank for having a person like Nathan in my life. We met when I was 9. Tyler is 2 years older than me, and he's much better at making friends than I am. He brought Nathan home after his first day of sixth grade, and I was busy trying to avoid them the whole day. Unfortunately, Tyler makes friends with people who have characteristics similar to him, so Nathan came to me and started up a conversation. It was around the time when I was 10 that he got really close to me. My mom had died in a plane crash on the way to a big business interview in Boston. My dad was always so busy with work since then, because he had to raise enough money for Tyler, my younger brother Dylan, and me all on his own. Tyler decided to take care of Dylan and me by himself. He was only twelve at the time, and Nathan volunteered to come over and help him. He came every day, even after I turned fourteen, and insisted that I could help take care of things at home too. By then, I pretty much called him my best friend. Well, my best guy friend, excluding my brothers. My best friend would be Saskiya, who also happens to be Tyler's high school sweetheart, and now steady girlfriend. We met in drama club in high school. She was a foreign exchange student from South Africa, and was pretty worried about fitting in with the new surroundings and new people – which didn't turn out to be a problem because she was one of the hottest girls in school. Tall, slim, hazel brown hair, black eyes and a fair complexion. She was like a teen model – so she joined the drama club since acting is her passion. We were paired up to do a short play together, and working on it together, we became really close. I introduced her to my brother, who she claimed was extremely hot, and I knew instantly that sparks would fly. It turned out I was right, because not even a few weeks had passed by before they started dating. The only problem was that Tyler was about to graduate and Saskiya was in the 10th grade, with me. Once Tyler and Nathan graduated, they both decided to go to Long Island University, to be close to home, but not too close. It was good for Tyler because he could visit Saskiya whenever he came home for the holidays, and 2 years later, Saskiya and I joined Long Island University too. It all worked out in the end, except now, Tyler and I are waiting for little Dylan to grow up and join college too. Well, I can't exactly call him little, since he's taller than me, but he's younger than me by 3 years, so I guess 'little' is an appropriate word. Ever since he turned sixteen and got his license this year, he insists on driving down to pick up Tyler and me for the holidays, and today was one of those days. That brings us to the topic of the freezer room and why I was stuck in it with Nathan. He was leaving a day later since there weren't any flight tickets to San Francisco today. Since Tyler realized that Nathan was going to be alone over here, he offered to stay with him for the night and catch the train home after Nathan goes to the airport. Nathan felt so grateful and excited he started making all sorts of plans and pranks to play, and then finally decided that they should pull an all-nighter. He was here in the freezer room looking for a tub of ice cream to have for the night. I made the mistake of asking him why they needed ice cream for an all-nighter, and he replied, \"Well, we already have things that are both legal and illegal. I want something I didn't buy from someone else.\" I decided I didn't need to know everything my brother and Nathan did. I was about to complain once again about it being too cold, when Nathan yelled \"Found it!\" and lost his balance. He crashed to the floor, a white tub which supposedly consisted of ice cream, tumbled after him, landing on his stomach and making him grunt. I walked over and kneeled down, picking up the tub of ice cream. \"I will never understand the mind of a boy.\" I said with a sigh as Nathan sat up. \"You don't have to. Just trust us.\" He said with a smirk on his face. \"Not so easy if I meet boys like you who blackmail me into doing what they want before they even try to ask nicely.\" I retorted. \"You've become better with your words. I guess I must be rubbing off on you.\" He said raising an eyebrow. \"Yeah, you wish.\" \"Well, I'd love to continue this playful banter, but I have to go around spreading my success.\" He said rising to his feet. \"Wow, I didn't think you knew what banter meant, let alone be able to use it in a sentence.\" \"Need I remind you that I am in my third year of college while you are only in your first.\" \"That doesn't make you a teenage version of Einstein. That just gives you the feeling of superiority.\" \"Whatever. Let's just get out of here.\" He finally gave up. He stretched out a hand toward me and just as I reached out to take it, he said, \"Oh, I'm not helping you up. I was expecting you to hand over the ice cream.\" I glared at him and he started to laugh. \"I may not be Einstein,\" He said, \"But I sure know how to pull people's legs.\" He reached down further and grabbed my hand. I pulled myself up with his help and handed him the tub of ice cream. We sneaked out of the cafeteria, managing not to get caught by anyone, and headed to The Coffee Bean, the café inside our campus. Once we arrived I looked around and caught sight of a familiar pair of eyes. They were the same sea green that I saw when I looked in the mirror or when I looked at Tyler or my mom. Tyler seemed to be concentrated on his conversation with Saskiya. Nathan and I walked over to them and Tyler ruffled my hair once he turned his gaze to me. \"Hey Lexi, hey Nathan.\" he said. When I was born, Tyler wasn't able to pronounce Alexis, so he started calling me Lexi. The name kind of stuck and even Dylan calls me that now, but my brothers are the only ones that call me that. Well, the only ones allowed to call me that. \"Hey Tyler.\" Nathan said and then looked to Saskiya. \"Husky!\" he shouted. Saskiya rolled her eyes. \"Hi Nathan.\" Husky was the name Nathan came up with for Saskiya since he assumed that Saskiya was the name of a Siberian Husky. The other reason Nathan calls her Husky is because she has a deep, husky voice. I looked at Tyler with irritation. \"I'm 19 years old, Tyler. When are you going to stop ruffling my hair?\" He chuckled. \"Whenever you grow taller.\" I took after my mother's side of the family, where everybody is short and thin, with jet black hair. Tyler and Dylan however, took after my father. Tall and lanky, with light brown hair. \"That excuse is getting old.\" I said taking a seat in front of him. Nathan pulled up a chair beside me. \"Well, it still amuses me so I think I'll keep it as an excuse until I find something more interesting.\" I didn't know how to reply, so I stayed quiet. Nathan broke the silence. \"So, I got the ice cream.\" Tyler perked up. \"You did?\" Nathan nodded. \"What flavour is it?\" \"I don't know,\" Nathan admitted. \"I decided to open it in your presence.\" \"Well then what are you waiting for? Open it!\" Tyler said, clearly excited. Like me, Tyler was addicted to sugar. He could go a whole week on just sugary junk food. Nathan set the tub of ice cream on the table and opened it to reveal the green colour of pistachio flavoured ice cream. Tyler nearly banged his head on the table. As much as he loved sugar and ice cream, this was one of the flavours he couldn't eat since he was allergic to nuts. \"Great,\" Nathan said. Saskiya tried to reassure Tyler, \"Don't worry, it doesn't taste that good anyways.\" Tyler lifted his head to meet her gaze. \"I'm not worried about that. Now we don't have any ice cream for tonight.\" Nathan jumped in. \"Yes we do. I'll just go and grab another tub.\" \"No, you already went once. Why go through the trouble again?\" \"Relax. I hate pistachio anyways. I can't believe people consider it as a flavour of ice cream. It shouldn't even exist. I'll be back soon, and don't worry, I'll check the flavour before I bring it this time.\" Nathan closed the tub of ice cream and stood up. \"Do you want me to come?\" I asked. \"Jeez Alex, I know you can't stay away from me, but try and restrain your feelings,\" he winked at me. \"I'll be back soon.\" He spun around and jogged to the cafeteria. \"I don't think I've met anyone with a bigger ego than his.\" I said, mostly to myself. Saskiya chuckled. \"So, Dylan's coming today right?\" I nodded. \"He should be here soon, if he hasn't already arrived.\" \"Oh, I forgot to tell you,\" Tyler said. \"I think he's here. I saw his friend Brandon trying to pick up some freshman girls.\" \"Where did you see him?\" \"Somewhere near–\" He was cut off by a loud sound. \"What was that?\" Saskiya asked. \"I don't know,\" I said. \"It sounded like a–\" The sound came again. It was a gunshot. Tyler, Saskiya and I ran to the glass door of the café to peer outside. There was nobody with a gun to be seen, but everyone else was running around, looking for some place to hide. \"We need to get out of here. The café's huge glass windows will let anyone see us.\" Tyler said pulling the door open. We started to run toward the nearest building, which happened to be the boy's dormitory. Suddenly, I was filled with concern. I thought about calling out to Tyler, but I saw him a few feet away, holding Saskiya's hand and leading her to the dormitory. They were almost at the door. I decided to run off and find Dylan myself.[Chapter 2] II Saskiya It's so weird how an amazing day can turn into a day you want to forget. I was having fun spending my last day with Tyler before I left to Ohio for the holidays. We skipped a whole day of our lectures and instead crashed other lectures. Not important or boring ones like architecture or chemical engineering, but the fun ones, where we were always welcome, like drama or directing. I had so much fun, it was like falling in love all over again. Then we heard the gunshot. I grabbed Tyler's hand as soon as I heard the second shot. He squeezed it to reassure me, and didn't let go. Well, until I turned around and realized that Alexis wasn't following us. \"Tyler!\" I had to shout for him to hear me, because so many people were running around and screaming. \"What?\" he stopped in his tracks. \"What's wrong?\" \"Alexis–\" I didn't have to continue. His eyes widened as he turned around and scanned the crowd for her. He let go of my hand and walked back the way we came, looking around, shouting her name, stopping people to ask if they saw her. Most just ignored him and ran away. The rest said they didn't see her. I looked around myself, and found some luck when I asked a red headed girl named Rebecca if she had seen Alexis. \"Yeah,\" she panted. \"She was heading to the library.\" \"Thank you so much.\" I said, relieved I at least knew where Alexis was. I turned to call out to Tyler, when I saw a familiar figure standing a few feet away. Looking at his straight, brown hair, which looked so much like Tyler's, I realized who it was. \"Dylan!\" I yelled. He didn't seem to hear me because he didn't turn around. I made a split second decision and decided to walk toward him. I called out to him as I surged forward. He didn't turn. The crowd of people was almost completely gone. All of them had taken cover, and I realized that I should have taken cover by now too. I removed unnecessary thoughts from my head and focused on getting to Dylan. I had almost reached him when he turned around. \"Dylan! Come here!\" I shouted once he laid eyes on me. I faintly heard someone call my name, but I ignored it because I saw Dylan's eyes widen. I was about to ask what was wrong, when I saw a man, dressed head to toe in black, grab Dylan. I wanted to scream, but my mouth was muffled by a cloth. Suddenly, everything went black and I realized that I was being blindfolded. My arms were bound by rope and then I was picked up, and was only set down after 10 minutes. I didn't hear anything along the way. No talking, no screaming, not even the birds chirping. I landed on the floor pretty rough and scraped my arm on something cold, and hard. The rope on my hands were removed and so was my blindfold. As my vision went from blurry to clear, I was able to make out that I was in one of the class rooms. I didn't know which one since all of them are pretty much identical, but after looking at all the posters, which had things like the periodic table, covalent bonds, esters, and some other chemistry related things, I was able to identify that we were definitely in the science block. Now I just had to figure out which class we were in. I noticed there were around 20 people in the room, one of them was Dylan, who was sitting right beside me. All of the others were huddled against a wall or huddled with someone. I moved closer to Dylan. The two men who dragged Dylan and me here were still in the room. After five minutes of talking, one of them left the room and locked it from the outside. The other one sat by the only window in the room – which was a huge one too – with a rifle in his hand. I whispered to Dylan. \"Are you okay?\" He nodded his head, but looked like he was in shock. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. He didn't reply. He just stared at something in front of him. I followed his gaze to the centre of the room, and gasped at what I saw. Lying on the floor, in a pool of his own blood, was Brandon.[Chapter 3] III Alexis \"Dylan!\" I whispered once I was in the library. I knew it was useless, but I called out to him anyways. I decided to search in the library first, because whenever Dylan comes to pick up Tyler and me, he always finds me in the library, where I'm usually deep into a book. I figured he might've been searching for me here when the gun went off, but my guess turned out to be wrong, since I searched everywhere in the library and he was nowhere to be found. I hoped that he had escaped once the first shot went off so he wouldn't be caught in any of this. I realized that I should probably hide out here in the library, since nobody else was to be seen outside, meaning that they had all already hidden. I was about to sit down next to a shelf of books, when I remembered something. Nathan was in the freezer room. I knew I couldn't leave the library, since I was most likely to get caught by whoever shot the gun, but I knew that I definitely could not leave Nathan alone in the freezer room where, even if the cops showed up, he would die because of the cold. I ran down the steps two at a time to get to the door of the library. I opened it slowly and looked around. The area looked like a ghost town. The street lights weren't on, so the whole place was lit up by the light from the moon. Nobody was around, and nobody was to be heard. The cafeteria was nearby, so I figured I'd have to take my chances and run to it. After counting to five, that's exactly what I did. I don't know if people that were hiding could see me or not, but I wasn't caught by anyone, so I arrived at the cafeteria relieved. I slowly made my way across to the freezer room, walking only on my toes in case anyone with a gun was here, waiting for a victim. Once I reached the freezer room, I saw that it was open. For a second, I had a feeling that Nathan might not be inside, but I went toward it anyways. I stood outside, and peered into the room. A few of the shelves were knocked over, and some broken. There were white boxes lying around all over the room. I wondered if Nathan got caught, or if he made the mess to make it look like someone was there but was taken away. I slowly walked into the room, looking left and right in case someone was actually here, when suddenly I heard a sound from behind me. The door to the freezer room slammed shut and as I turned around, I saw Nathan, with a long metal rod he must have broken off one of the shelves. He was about to slash forward when he recognized who I was. I moved back instinctively just as Nathan pulled his arms back. His expression was troubled and confused. \" Alexis? \" I didn't know what to say. I just nodded my head. \"What are you doing here? You're supposed to be hiding out!\" he almost shouted. \"Well, I was going to, but then I remembered that Dylan was in the campus, and so I went to look for him. I didn't find him. I decided to hide out in the library but then remembered you were here in the freezer room, so I took my chances and came here to see if you were here.\" He let the metal rod drop to the floor. \"You stupid girl.\" He said angrily. His words stung. \"Why would you do that? What if you had gotten caught? What if something had happened?\" \"Well, nothing happened.\" I argued. \"I wouldn't say nothing. I was hiding out here in case the guy with the gun came here. I was prepared to whack him in the head and knock him out.\" \"But then you would be trapped in here.\" I pointed out. \"Well yeah, but at least everyone else would be fine.\" \"What if there was more than one?\" \"Well something is better than nothing Alex, and now we don't even have that. We're just trapped.\" \"I'm sorry. I was just worried.\" He sank to the floor and put his head in his hands. \"Does Tyler know where you are?\" \"No. I couldn't tell him I was going to find Dylan because he was too far away. He's safe though, with Saskiya, in the boy's dormitory.\" \"At least they're safe.\" The room was quiet after that, and I figured Nathan was still angry, so I went to the other side of the room and sat down. I pulled my legs closer to me, and lay my head on top of them. After a while, I heard Nathan get up and walk over to me. I didn't look up as he sat beside me. \"Sorry I freaked out on you. I just don't want anything to happen to you.\" \"I don't want anything to happen to you either, Nate. That's why I came.\" I still didn't lift my head. \"I understand that. But I still wish you didn't come.\" My face felt hot, and it felt like there was a lump in my throat. I shivered from the cold and finally lifted my head to rub my hands together. I didn't realize that tears had come out of my eyes, until Nathan looked at me and said, \"Are you crying?\" I quickly wiped my eyes and muttered, \"No.\" Nathan leaned forward to get a better view of my face. \"Oh my gosh. Alexis Hawthorne is actually crying. I have the privilege of witnessing such a rare sight!\" I wasn't in the mood for his jokes and sarcasm. In fact I was feeling even more frustrated, so a few more tears escaped, and I cursed my eyes for it. \"Okay,\" Nathan said. \"You used to laugh at that. I guess making you laugh isn't going to help this time.\" \"Do you really think that this is the time to laugh?\" I said through clenched teeth, suddenly angry. \"I can't find my brother, we're stuck here in this freezer room, which just might be the place we die, and you're mad at me because I tried to find you .\" He was silent for a while, until he found the right words to say, \"Well, just for the record, in case we do die here, I'm glad it's with you rather than some unconscious terrorist.\" At that, I had to smile. I leaned over and wrapped my arms around him. After a moment, he returned the hug. \"I'm sure your brother is fine.\" he whispered into my hair. I nodded, thankful for the reassurance. I pulled back and lay my head on his shoulder. \"Oh, and I'm not mad at you. I'm quite flattered actually.\" \"Yeah right. It's too late to hide your feelings.\" \"I was afraid you were going to say that.\" He muttered. \"Nate?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Have you ever been in love?\" \"What are you talking about? I've had tons of girlfriends.\" \"I know that, but wasn't there anyone you were serious about? Someone who you didn't want to just play around with, but actually cared about?\" \"Well, I cared about all of the girls I dated. I just wasn't interested in a serious relationship.\" \"So, the answer to my question is…?\" \"No, I've never been in love. I'm really just waiting to find the right person.\" \"So you've considered it.\" \"Well yeah. I don't want to play around with girls. I actually have thought of my future and settling down with a girl I love.\" \"I never would've guessed.\" \"Really?\" \"Nah. I would've totally guessed it. I know you too well.\" I smiled. \"You should get some sleep. It's been a long, tiresome day.\" He said looking away. \"Like anyone can get any sleep in this situation. Besides, it's too cold to sleep.\" I complained. Nathan sat up straight and began to take off his jacket. \"No.\" I said. \"You are not taking off your jacket so I'll feel warm and you're left to die in the cold like in Titanic .\" \"That doesn't happen in Titanic.\" \"Well, he makes sure she's not in the water, so she can't freeze, yet he's in the water himself, when clearly there is so much room left on the driftwood for him too. The situation is similar and it's just not fair.\" \"Nobody said life was fair. Relax though,\" he chuckled, shrugging his hands out of the sleeves of his jacket. \"Luckily, you're pretty small. So the jacket's big enough to cover both of us. You'll feel warmer, and I won't die. It's a win-win situation.\" I remained still as he draped the jacket around us. It was still cold, but much better than before. He kept an arm around me, and I wrapped my arms around him, to keep both of us warmer. I let my head rest on his shoulder, and tried to fall asleep. It took a while but I finally managed. The last thing I remember before drifting off, was Nathan running a hand through my hair, which was something only my mom used to do, to get me to sleep.[Chapter 4] IV Saskiya It was sometime at night, and there were two men with rifles in the room now. Brandon's body was taken out of the room, but there were still blood stains on the tiles of the floor. Some of the people in the room had fallen asleep, but most were too scared. Dylan and I sat huddled in one corner of the room. He seemed much better than before. Brandon was his best friend, and seeing him like that must have left a huge scar. \"Are you feeling better now?\" I asked him. He nodded. \"What about you?\" \"I'm okay I guess. Well, as okay as I can be given the situation.\" We talked for a while, about Brandon, and about what we would do once all this was over. After some time, when almost everyone was asleep now, I suggested we sleep too. The room wasn't that cold, so we took of our jackets and folded them so we could use them as pillows. We put them down next to each other and laid down to sleep. It was silent for a while. The only sounds in the room were the whispers of people who were still awake and of the two men sitting by the window. Suddenly, Dylan whispered, \"Tyler was shouting your name you know.\" \"What?\" I was surprised to hear this. I knew I heard someone call me, but I didn't realize it was Tyler. I turned to look at Dylan. \"Yeah. He was shouting out to you. I saw him. I wanted to tell you to go to him, but I saw the man nearby and I thought that if I had shouted out, it might have endangered Tyler, because then they would know where he was hiding out, and that more people might be with him.\" \"Thank you.\" I whispered. \"Well, he's my brother. I don't want anything happening to him.\" I nodded. \"What about Lexi?\" he asked. \"Um, she was following us, but then when I turned around, she wasn't anywhere to be seen. I asked someone whether they had seen her or not, and they said that she had headed to the library. I don't know why though. Maybe she wanted to hide out or–\" \"No. She was looking for me.\" Dylan cut in. \"What? How do you know?\" \"Because that's where I meet her whenever I come here. She must've thought I would be waiting for her there.\" \"Well, on the bright side, at least we know that she's hiding out there.\" \"Yeah. Alone. And there are probably more of them.\" he pointed to the two men dressed in black. \"This is a university, which means that a lot of them are needed if they want to control the whole campus. They may have chosen the library as another room to hold hostages and my sister could be one of them.\" \"It sounds to me as if you're blaming yourself.\" \"Well, at this point, does it really matter?\"[Chapter 5] V Alexis \" Alex. Alex!\" Nathan whispered in my ear. I opened my eyes and sat up to face him. \"What's wrong?\" I asked. He put a finger to his lips. \"Listen.\" So I did, and I heard footsteps. They were approaching our room. Suddenly the door burst open, and there were three men, all dressed in black. The only part of their body that could be seen were their eyes. They each held a gun and they were pointing at us. I gripped Nathan's hand for reassurance and he didn't let go of it. Neither of us spoke. We knew what was going to happen. We just braced ourselves. I kept my eyes closed as the gunshot went off. My eyes snapped open as I woke up. I bolted upright and looked around the room. Nathan was asleep, his head resting against one of the shelves. I quickly took off my gloves and lifted his head. I placed the gloves on the shelf and lay his head back down, so his head would be cushioned and away from the cold. I stood up and walked around the room to stretch my legs. I couldn't stop thinking about my dream, and the silence wasn't helping my dilemma, since all I could do right now was think. After a while, I got the feeling that I was being watched. I turned around and saw that Nathan was awake. \"How long have you been up?\" \"Five minutes, I guess.\" \"So you decided to stare at me and freak me out rather than say, 'Hey Alex, I'm awake! You can stop walking around the room now.'\" \"Well, as much as I hate to admit it, you do look very pretty right now.\" \"I don't know if I'm supposed to be flattered or suspicious.\" \"Flattered.\" He said matter-of-factly. \"Really? So I'm not supposed to think anything is wrong if you call me pretty once I've just woken up and when my hair is probably a rat's nest?\" \"Well, when you put it like that, it makes me sound bad. I'm telling you the truth though. Although, I was also waiting to see if you'd do something embarrassing.\" he grinned. \"I knew there was something else.\" I snapped my fingers. He chuckled. \"Thanks for giving me a pillow. Although, I don't want your fingers freezing, so you can wear them now.\" He took the gloves from the shelf and handed them to me. \"Thanks.\" I muttered as I put them on. I went and sat next to him and he immediately put an arm around me. \"You know, we probably won't last another few hours.\" I nodded my head in agreement. \"We're going to be frozen statues.\" \"Hey, at least we can get into museums for free.\" I shook my head. \"You only get into a museum as a statue if you've done something great or memorable in your life.\" \"Well, I'll get in for sure.\" \"And why would that be?\" \"Because I've got good looks. People would pay to drool at my sight.\" \"Hey, maybe if you're lucky, one of your ex-girlfriends will buy you or steal you and just keep you in their room to torture you every day.\" He stared at me. \"How can you look so cute and innocent, yet have such dark thoughts?\" I shrugged. \"It's a gift.\" He shook his head. \"I think you're the only girl I will never be able to understand.\" \"You don't understand all other girls.\" I accused. \"Of course I do. I've come across four different types of girls. Number 1, girls who stay with you for your money.\" Nathan came from a wealthy family, and as the only son, he would inherit all of his family's fortune. \"Number 2,\" he continued. \"Girls who are promiscuous. Number 3, girls who want to be treated as an equal, and finally Number 4, girls who like you for who you truly are.\" \"Wow, you must have dated a lot of girls to narrow all this down to just four categories.\" \"I'm going to ignore that comment.\" \"So, under which category do I fall?\" I asked curiously. \"That's what I can't figure out. You might be Number 4, but at the same time, you're also a Number 3.\" \"So I like people for who they truly are and I want to be treated as an equal?\" \"Well, yeah. You threw a fit when you found out you couldn't join the soccer team in high school just because you were a girl.\" \"Okay, that covers Number 3, but what about Number 4?\" \"Well, all the guys you dated were kind of lame, but you didn't really care. You were thinking you were lucky to have them in your life. You look only at the good in people, even if the bad in them is what's the most visible.\" \"Well, that's not exactly liking people for who they are.\" \"Yeah, that's why I said I can't figure you out.\" \"Well I guess it doesn't matter now.\" We stayed silent for what seemed like 2 hours, and by then, both of us couldn't handle the cold anymore. We were both shivering, so we decided that the best way to keep warm was to huddle up together. Nate suggested that we cuddle, but I was so cold, I couldn't get a laugh to escape my mouth. We sat there, not talking, and once I estimated that we had about an hour more to live, I decided to break the silence. \"Okay, t-truth time.\" I stuttered. My teeth were chattering uncontrollably. Apparently, Nathan's were too. \"W-what do you mean?\" \"Anything y-you've ever wanted to s-say to me, say it now, and then I'll d-do the same.\" I rubbed my hands together and hoped my fingers wouldn't fall off. \"You g-go first.\" He muttered. \"Okay.\" I inched closer to him – well as close as I could get since we were already practically glued together – and thought of what to say. \"Remember that one t-time, I think it was a few w-weeks after I had met you, I asked you if you had a g-girlfriend.\" He nodded. \"W-well, it was because I had a c-crush on you.\" He looked at me. \"Seriously?\" I nodded. \"I thought y-you would b-be the only girl who would have n-never fallen for my looks.\" He sounded disappointed. \"I didn't f-fall for your looks. I mean y-yes you're hot but I fell for you because I liked your p-personality. I l-liked you for who y-you are.\" \"So maybe you d-do belong in N-Number 4.\" He smiled. I chuckled. \"Okay, y-your turn.\" \"I don't know w-why, but I've always felt p-protective of you. Maybe it was hanging out with T-Tyler too much, but I can't even sleep if I know you're on a d-date with some d-douchebag.\" he declared. \"What if the guy w-wasn't a d-douchebag?\" \"Any guy you date, other than m-me, is a douchebag.\" I knew Nathan was a flirt, but his words stuck in my head. Was he implying that I should've dated him? I was about to reply, but Nathan cut me off. \"Hey,\" he said. \"D-do you hear that?\" I had a vague feeling of Déjà vu. \"I don't hear anything.\" He put up a finger to his lips. \"Listen.\" I was afraid of what I would hear. It seemed like my dream was just a prediction. Nevertheless, I managed to stay silent long enough to hear footsteps. And they were approaching the freezer room. \"Nate, d-don't listen.\" I pleaded. \"Wait, m-maybe I could stand behind the door again. It m-might work this time.\" he whispered. \"N-no, Nate, it isn't going to work–\" \"W-well, we don't have anything to l-lose!\" He quickly rose to his feet and went over to the door to retrieve the metal rod he had almost whacked me with earlier. \"Okay, s-so I'll stay here, and when the d-door opens, you stand in the c-centre of the room so whoever it is will get l-lured in. Then I'll attack.\" The footsteps were getting closer now, and I didn't want the last few minutes of my life to be wasted acting as a decoy, yet at the same time, there was a tiny part of me that was screaming, \"The plan is going to work!\" The footsteps were just outside the door now. I rose to my feet and moved to stand at the centre of the room. The handle of the door was pushed down and the door swung open to reveal a familiar looking person. He was holding a pistol in his hand and it was aimed right at me, but once we made eye contact, he lowered his arms. Warmth spread across his face, and I could see the relief in his eyes. \"T-Tyler?\" I almost shouted. I could see Nathan's surprised expression from the corner of my eye. He dropped the metal rod – like he had done when his plan failed the first time – and came out from behind the door. \"Tyler?\" he gasped. Once the momentary shock had faded, I ran across the room to my brother and practically jumped on him. He caught me with his arms wide open like he used to do when I was a kid and had just come home from school, except this time, it was more out of relief than for fun. I gripped on to him tight, like I was scared that if I let go, I would never see him again. After a while we pulled apart and he went over and hugged a still shocked Nathan. \"W-we thought we were g-going to die in here man.\" Nathan told him once they pulled apart. \"Y-yeah\" I said. \"I was p-pretty sure I wasn't g-going to see you again.\" \"Well, you did.\" He replied, ruffling my hair. I didn't mind this time. He could've done it as much as he wanted and I would just be glad he was with me. \"Now come on, let's get you guys out of here.\" Before we could head out, Nathan said, \"Wait.\" And ran over to one of the shelves. He grabbed a white container and trudged back to us. \"Okay. Now let's go.\" Tyler led us back to the boy's dormitory by taking a shortcut through back alleys. It was much quicker and safer than getting there by walking through the main streets. We reached in about five minutes and Tyler had to do some secret knock before we were allowed to enter. Inside, the hallways were a mess of broken wood and sleeping bags. There was a table in the centre that consisted of piles of containers – which I assumed had food in it – and bottles of water and coke. Two people, wrapped in sleeping bags to keep warm, were sitting a few feet from the table. I recognized a girl called Rebecca from my advanced fiction writing class. She was pretty much a bookworm, and sometimes reminded me of Velma from the Scooby Doo series. She had a bob cut and wore glasses. The only different thing about her was that she was a little chubbier and she had red hair. She was sitting next to a blonde girl, her best friend Carol, who wore glasses, just like her, and had very frizzy hair. The both of them seemed to be deep in conversation. Along the way, I realized that I didn't see Saskiya, and Tyler never mentioned anything about her either. I decided I would wait until we were alone to ask him about it. He turned to Nathan and I and said, \"Well, this is our only safe haven for now, because I don't think anybody knows we're here. We managed to get some people to volunteer to get food from the cafeteria, so that's piled up over there,\" he pointing to the table. Nathan went over and set down the tub of ice cream on the table to add to the piles of food containers. \"Bathrooms are down each hall, right at the end,\" Tyler continued. \"And as for sleeping, pick any room you like. There are two beds in each room. Try and stay on this floor though. It will be easier to keep track of people. I'll explain all about the watch duty and etcetera tomorrow, once you've had a nice, warm sleep. Piece of advice? My room is the warmest.\" I nodded my head and looked up at Nathan just as Tyler went off toward Rebecca and the other girl. They must be on watch duty. \"Tyler's room?\" I asked Nathan. \"Yeah,\" he said. \"Well, technically, it's my room too. Come on, I'll show you where it is.\" He took my hand and led me down a corridor. The corridors each had five rooms, and his room was the third, which meant that it was equally as far from the bathroom as it is from the entrance. He pushed open the door and I followed him inside. The room was unsurprisingly neat. The one thing different between me and Tyler is that I can live in a messy room whereas he can't stand it. I could tell he had been here just by looking at the state of the room. There were posters of rock bands all over the walls, there were two desks, each with a laptop on them, and there were two beds – one against the wall, and the other just perpendicular to the bed frame of the first bed. I assumed that the bed arrangement was done by themselves and that the bed near the wall was Tyler's since it had been made neatly and the one perpendicular to that would've been Nathan's since it was closest to the window and he would use it either for a better Wi-Fi signal or for staring at girls who walk by. I went over to the bed I assumed was Tyler's and sat down. Nathan walked over to a cupboard that was against the wall, near the window. \"Need a spare change of clothes?\" He asked. \"I don't think so.\" I said, although, I was wishing for my hoodie and sweatpants. Nathan must have read my expression, because he reached into his cupboard and pulled out a grey sweatshirt and black track pants and tossed them in my direction. I didn't ask him how he knew. I just muttered a thank you and went to the bathroom to change my clothes. The track pant was way too long for me since I was pretty short, and the sweatshirt was huge and baggy. Nevertheless, it was comfortable and warm, so I didn't have any complaints. I went back to the room and saw that Nathan had changed into a dark blue hoodie and sweatpants. I tossed my clothes onto the floor near one of the desks and climbed into Tyler's bed. Nathan looked around the room and then at me. \"Well, there's a stash of magazines in my cupboard in case you get bored or can't sleep. Don't worry, they aren't the kind of magazines you're thinking of. There's also an extra blanket in there so you can grab it if you still feel cold. I'll be in the next room, so you can just shout for me if you need anything.\" I nodded my head, then hesitated. I didn't want to be alone, especially not now. \"Nate?\" I asked as he opened the door to leave the room. He turned around. \"Will you stay here with me until I fall asleep?\" He looked a little startled but then nodded, closing the door. \"Um, yeah. Sure.\" I laid back down, snuggled in the blanket, and shifted a little to the left so there would be more room for him. He got onto the bed, but didn't cover himself with the blanket. He stared up at the wall, and I wondered what he was thinking about. \"I can't sleep.\" I mumbled into the pillow after a few minutes of silence. His head turned to face me. \"Well, how may I help you drift off into dream world?\" A small grin began to spread across his face. I had an idea. \"Sing me a lullaby.\" \"You've got to be kidding.\" I shook my head. \"The last time I sang to you was when you were twelve. I don't remember any of those songs anymore.\" I sighed. \"It doesn't have to be an actual lullaby. Just something that will help me fall asleep.\" \"How about I tell you a story instead?\" \"Yeah, I guess.\" I was a little disappointed though. \"I'll sing tomorrow, once I find my guitar. I know it's somewhere around here.\" \"Well, go ahead. Start the story.\" I urged. \"Okay. Have I ever told you about Gianna?\" \"Gianna Preston? The crazy one who was obsessed with your eyes?\" \"No, I never dated her. She was just obsessed. I'm talking about Gianna Hemlock.\" \"Nope. Never heard of her.\" \"Well, she's probably the weirdest girl I've dated, yet at the same time, probably the hottest too.\" \"Why was she weird?\" \"She keeps a collection of mementos from her ex-boyfriends.\" \"That's weird for you?\" \"No. The weird part was that she kept those mementos to practice voodoo.\" \"No way.\" He nodded his head. \"I think we went on only that one date. I have to admit though, she's got guts. Nobody would actually mention something like that on a first date. That would drive the person away.\" \"Yeah, she probably wanted to know if her date would like her for who she really is.\" I used his dialogue on reverse. \"Oh and by the way, that wasn't a story.\" \"Well, I'm sorry, but I think by now I've told you all the stories I know.\" I yawned. \"Oh, well I guess whatever I told you actually worked.\" Nathan said. \"You're feeling sleepy.\" \"Yeah, you bored me to sleep.\" I joked. \"Well, see you tomorrow.\" I said, as I slowly dozed off. All I remember was falling asleep with Nathan beside me and when I woke up, he was gone. Yet somehow, I knew that I wasn't alone in the room.[Chapter 6] VI Saskiya I wish I could say that I woke up to the sound of birds chirping, and to the sunlight streaming through the window, but my wakeup call was a terrible sobbing from one of the girls nearby. I sat up straight and saw that Dylan was still asleep I knew that Tyler, Alexis and Dylan were all heavy sleepers, but anyone would have woken up with this. I wondered how Dylan could still sleep. Almost everyone else in the room was awake though. I looked to my right and spotted the girl who was crying. Her eyes, which may have once been a bright grey, were now dull, the only shine coming from the tears that were now streaming down her cheeks. She was clinging to a man who seemed to be stroking her hair, trying to calm her down. I recognized the man as Professor Carmichael. He taught anthropology. I couldn't recognize the woman, but I was trying to figure out what the reason was behind her wailing. I looked around and the two men who were there earlier were now replaced with three mean, all different. They didn't have rifles though. Instead they carried pistols in the waistband of their jeans. Like the other men, they were completely covered in black. They were ignoring the whole scene. They only looked irritated. I assumed that she was just a bit traumatized. We all were but only some people really show it. She calmed down after a while and went to the window to get some air. The three men watched her until she sat down and then they relaxed. It seemed almost as if they didn't want to shoot anyone. Suddenly I had an idea. I got up and slowly walked toward the window. \"Where do you think you're going?\" Said one of the men in black. \"Um, to get some air.\" I replied. \"Why? You aren't having a nervous breakdown too are ya?\" He had a slight southern accent. \"No, I just… It's too stuffy in here.\" I tried to hide my nervousness. \"Make it quick.\" Another man responded after a few seconds of silence. I hurried to the window and slid it open. I stuck my head outside and closed my eyes. It felt good to feel the chilly wind on my face, and the tiny sting from the snowflakes hitting my skin. Immediately I opened my eyes. I have to figure out where we are , I thought to myself, if I can do that, I might be able to tell someone. I looked around outside for something that could help me figure out which class I was in. A lot of trees. Most of which didn't have leaves, so I couldn't make out if there were any recognizable trees. There was a fountain which had a mermaid, and there are six of the same fountain around the whole campus. I would have to find something else to pinpoint my exact location. Just when I saw it, someone yelled, \"Alright, you've had enough air. Go back to your seat.\" I was pulled back and the window was slammed shut. I stood up and walked back to where Dylan was. He was awake now and I sat down to tell him my plan. \"What exactly were you doing?\" he asked once I sat down. \"I was trying to figure out which class room we're in.\" \"Something could've happened to you!\" He almost shouted. \"Shh! Keep it down!\" I put my finger to my lips. \"Look, I looked around outside and saw that there was a mermaid fountain near the window.\" \"Yeah, so? There are more of those around campus.\" Dylan cut in. \"I haven't finished.\" \"Right, sorry. Go on.\" \"Yeah, so there are six around campus, and only four out of the six are anywhere near the class rooms.\" \"Keep going.\" \"Well, I looked closely and there was also a bench near the fountain which is a so called 'lovers spot'. There are only two of those in the whole campus that are actually near the mermaid fountains, and both are in front of chemistry class rooms.\" \"So how can you tell where we are?\" \"I'm getting to that. On my first day here, I sat on one of those benches and inscribed the letters 'SW' and 'TH' on the arm rest of the bench. It's visible from only the class it's placed in front of, and I know this because I have been in that class to meet Tyler.\" \"So, we're in that class?\" \"Nope we're in the other one. If it was this one, I would have remembered coming into this class before once my blindfold was off.\" \"But are you absolutely sure?\" \"No,\" I admitted. \"But it's our best bet.\" Dylan nodded. \"How are we going to tell anyone though?\" I thought for a while and a shocking thought came to my mind. \"Hey Dylan, when they bought us here, they didn't check us did they?\" \"No, I guess they didn't. Why?\" I reached into my back pocket, cursing myself for not thinking about this before, and pulled out my cell phone. I quickly typed in the location of our whereabouts and sent the message. I hoped my assumptions were right. Before anyone saw, I slipped the phone back into my pocket. \"Something isn't right.\" Dylan said. \"What do you mean?\" \"They didn't even check us for our phones. They only shoot people who threaten them – until now, only one person did that. They don't look or act like actual shooters or even like they planned this whole thing out properly.\" \"Well, maybe–\" I was cut off by a loud buzzing sound. Only when everyone was staring at me did I realize that the buzzing sound was coming from me. Crap. I didn't switch my phone off. One of the men came over and held out his hand. I didn't have to ask. I knew I was meant to hand over the phone, although luckily, the sent box doesn't save the message that are sent. Thank God for SMS settings. \"If those were real terrorists, you would've been dead by now.\" Dylan whispered. \"I don't know if I'm supposed to be happy about that or not.\" I admit. \"Well, I guess we just have to wait and find out if we're in the place you think we are or not.\"[Chapter 7] VII Alexis An armchair from the corner of the room was pulled up beside my bed and in it sat Tyler. I sat up and rubbed the sleep from my eyes. \"Did you intend on freaking me out?\" I asked. He gave a slight chuckle. \"I couldn't sleep.\" \"Is this about Saskiya?\" I suddenly felt cold so I wrapped the blanket around myself. He nodded. \"Well, that and I wasn't really comfortable with you sleeping in here with a boy, even if it is Nate.\" \"Aw, you do care.\" I smiled. \"Relax, I only asked him to stay until I fell asleep.\" \"I know. When I entered the room I had a mini heart attack. He explained everything. I told him to go sleep, and since I couldn't sleep, I decided I could at least spend my time doing something useful.\" \"This is useful?\" \"Of course. I'm looking after you aren't I?\" \"Well, now that we're alone, I can ask you. Where's Saskiya?\" He didn't respond for a while. \"She was taken.\" \"Wait, how–\" \"When we were heading to the dormitory after the second gun went off, she turned around and noticed you weren't there. She told me and I ran around searching for you. She did the same, except in the opposite direction. When I turned around to find out if she had any luck, I saw her walking towards someone. It was Dylan.\" \" Dylan? I was hoping he would escape this whole situation, and now I find out he was here for everything.\" He nodded, his eyes red. \"She was calling to him but of course, he didn't turn.\" This I could understand, because it was something only Dylan, Tyler, my dad, Nathan and I knew. Dylan was deaf since birth. As he grew older, he got better at lip reading, and since we were struggling with money, he refused to get hearing aids. He also insisted that nobody know about his condition, so we didn't tell anyone. Not even Saskiya knew. Nathan only found out because he was babysitting Dylan and me with Tyler once my mom died. He kept telling Tyler that something was wrong with Dylan and that whenever he calls out to him, he wouldn't respond. He was almost about to take Dylan to a hospital himself when Tyler finally told him the truth. Dylan wasn't upset to find out that Nathan knew though. After all the babysitting and playing video games together, they grew really close, so Dylan really trusts him now. Tyler continued. \"So, she continued to walk toward him. I called out to her. I shouted in fact. It was almost as if she was so focused on getting to Dylan that she didn't even hear me. Finally Dylan turned around, but before he could say anything, I saw two men dressed in black, carry them away. I wanted to run after them, but I knew that if I did that, then there wouldn't be anyone else willing to help them, and get them out of there. I thought you would be there too, so I had more motivation to try and figure out how to get the three of you out of there. Then, once all of the people who were hiding out in the dormitory got together, I realized that Nathan must still be in the freezer room. I didn't send anyone to get him. I wanted to go myself. So I did. You can imagine my surprise and relief once I saw you there too. For a moment, it felt like we were kids again, you know, when I had first met Nathan. Then, while I was sitting here watching you, I got a message. From Saskiya. She said that she was in my chemistry class. After that I tried calling her, and it was such a stupid thing to do. I feel like killing myself for it. I forgot she was a hostage. They would've taken her phone once they heard it ring, and now we have no more contact with her.\" I stayed silent for a while, absorbing everything. \"There are many chemistry classes though.\" I said. \"How do we know which one she's in?\" \"I attend two chemistry classes, and Saskiya meets me in only one of them every Tuesday.\" \"So how do we know which one of those two classrooms she is in?\" \"She refers to the classroom she's been in as 'our class' because that's the only one of my classes she's been in. In the text message though, she said 'my classroom'. I know for sure that she's in the other one.\" \"Wow. Smart.\" \"Yeah, well, not really. If they read the message she sent me, they might figure out that there are people hiding out and that we're planning something against them. They could've changed rooms.\" \"Well, to be honest, I don't think anyone has an imagination like yours.\" \"Like mine? Look who's talking.\" I decided to change the subject. \"I'm hungry. Can we go get something to eat?\" Tyler's expression changed and he seemed concerned now. \"I forgot you haven't eaten anything in almost a day. Go brush your teeth. I'll go wake up Nate and we'll get you two some breakfast.\" \"Um, I don't have a toothbrush.\" \"Oh. Right.\" He got up from the armchair and went over to a cupboard. He rummaged around until he found a toothbrush inside an unopened packet. He tossed it to me. \"Be out in a few minutes. You can take a shower too if there's power to heat up the water.\" With that he left. I headed to the bathroom with a towel I found in one of the cupboards. Unfortunately there wasn't any power so I decided to wait for a while and see if the power comes. The water in the taps was freezing cold so even washing my face made me feel like my whole face was frozen stiff. Once I finished, I headed back to the room. Despite wearing a thick sweatshirt, I was still shivering, so I grabbed a hoodie that was lying on the chair – It was Tyler's I think – and put it on. After that, I headed out into the hallway. The two girls that were in sleeping bags the previous night were replaced by two guys who were playing a card game. Tyler and Nathan, who had both changed from their pyjamas, were seated near the table full of food. I took a seat beside them. \"Good morning.\" \"Morning.\" Nathan replied with a smile. \"What's for breakfast?\" I asked. Tyler passed me a container with waffles. I looked at the waffles and then at him. \"These aren't still frozen right?\" \"Nope.\" \"How did you cook them?\" \"Lexi, did it ever occur to you that we do know how to make a fire?\" I shrugged and started to scarf down my food. Nathan did the same. Once we were done, Tyler started to explain things. \"Okay, so there are four floors. We are on the second. The first is below, and there are two more above. There are three guards on duty on every floor except this one. On this floor there are only two since everyone sleeps on this floor and two is probably enough. Everyone takes shifts. There are a total of 16 people here, including you two. By the way Lexi, there are only 3 girls here, including you, so unless you're friends with Rebecca and Carol, I suggest you stay near Nathan or me.\" \"Not that they're actually harmless,\" Nathan added. \"Anyways, Alex is one of the toughest girls I've seen. She could even take on some of the guys here.\" \"Oh please. You're exaggerating.\" I warn him. He chuckles. \"Yeah, you're right. But you can beat up a lot of girls.\" I roll my eyes. \"Back to the main topic at hand,\" Tyler speaks up. \"Each shift is 4 hours, and even once your shift is up, don't move until someone comes to relieve you. You know where the food is kept, and well, as for weapons, we can only make use of what's around us.\" Nathan nodded. \"And what about the plan?\" \"What plan?\" I asked. \"About getting the hostages.\" Tyler answered. \"We're still working on it, but it should be confirmed by the evening and if so, we can carry it out tonight.\" \"And that is very unlikely.\" Nathan added. \"You're such an optimist Nathan.\" I said. He narrowed his eyes. \"Don't use sarcasm on me. I invented sarcasm.\" \"Well, unless–\" \"Break it up.\" Tyler said holding his hands out. \"We've got more important issues to deal with. Right now, Rebecca and Carol are working on our plan, and I should go meet them to see what they've come up with. You two have guard duty in another hour on the top floor, so be ready soon. Take your showers or whatever – if you're sure you won't freeze to death – and then head upstairs to relieve whoever is currently on duty.\" It amazed me, how in such a condition, with our brother and his girlfriend captured as hostages, and only us trying to save them, he could remain calm. Maybe it was just an act to try and lift our spirits and try to be calm too, but whatever it is, it was working. He was a natural leader and I admired his behaviour. \"Wait,\" Nathan said. \"Who's the third person coming up with us?\" \"Well, since many others have their own tasks to complete, I'll be sending the only person who isn't preoccupied at the moment, and that is–\" He stopped abruptly to point at a person emerging from one of the rooms. He had spiky blond hair and eyes that were a very light shade of brown. He was tall, but not as tall as Tyler. Probably the same height as Nathan. As he got closer I recognized him. His name was Elijah. He was the closest friend I had in Biology class. I was happy to know he was safe in here with us, and I gave him a small smile as he approached and came to a stop in front of us. He returned the smile without saying a word. However, when I looked at Nathan, he seemed to have a scowl on his face. His eyes looked like a brighter, more striking blue, but not out of happiness. It looked more like it was burning with anger. \"Perfect timing Elijah. You're on guard duty with Nate and Alexis upstairs.\" Elijah nodded. Tyler turns to give me a one armed hug, and then lightly punches Nathan's shoulder. \"See you guys in 4 hours. And remember, don't move until someone comes to relieve you.\" With that, he walked off. \"So when did you guys get here?\" Elijah asked. We were seated by a window on the topmost floor. I looked away from the snow blizzard outside and focused on him. \"Last night.\" I answered. \"You've been here the whole time?\" He nodded. \"I never thought I would be in such a situation before, but here I am.\" Nathan snorted. \"Well isn't that sad.\" I glared at him but he didn't notice. He was busy staring outside the window. Why was he acting so rude? Elijah didn't seem to notice his sour tone. Instead he changed the subject. \"Tyler had a feeling you went searching for your brother. Is that true?\" I nodded. \"Well, did you find him?\" Suddenly, I wished he hadn't changed the topic. Before I could reply, Nathan said, \"Does it look like she found him?\" Elijah addressed him. \"I didn't think that just because the weather is cold, the people have to be too.\" Nathan finally turned to face Elijah. \"Well, you should know. I didn't think that question seemed like a very warm one.\" Elijah narrowed his eyes. \"Look, I don't know what your problem is, but lay off okay?\" \"Sure, as soon as you lay off her.\" He jerked his head in my direction. \"Okay, this is getting out of hand. Could you both try and focus on wanting to destroy the enemy and not each other for at least another 3 hours?\" I interrupted. Nathan turned back to the window. Elijah gave me a small smile. \"Sorry.\" After that, the room was quiet for a long time. Nathan still had a scowl on his face and Elijah kept sneaking glances my way. After about 2 hours, he was still doing it, so I decided to confront him about it. \"Okay, why do you keep looking at me?\" I didn't mean for it to sound rude, so I smiled as I said it to make it look like I was humoured by the whole act. He gave a shy smile. \"Just thinking.\" \"About what?\" \"Well, if I were looking at you, what would I be thinking about?\" \"You know that sounds pretty inappropriate right?\" \"Right. Sorry. I didn't mean for it to sound that way.\" I chuckled. \"How was it supposed to sound?\" \"Honestly, it was supposed to be flirty.\" He admitted. \"You normally are quite the prince charming. What happened this time?\" \"Well, I guess I can't think straight if your beauty distracts me.\" He smiles. \"Well, I guess I can't be blamed anymore since your charm seems to be working its magic again.\" \"Really? It has an effect on you? You should've said something earlier. I would have used my charm a long time ago and earned a few things by now.\" \"What's that supposed to mean?\" Nathan spat out. \"Nathan–\" I started but got cut off. \"What do you mean 'you would have earned a few things'?\" He was looking at Elijah now. His eyes were filled with rage. \"I meant I could maybe have gone on a few dates with her.\" \"Is that what you meant? Or did you mean you could have gone on a few dates and gotten lucky?\" \"Nathan! What's wrong with you?\" I almost yell. I've never seen him act like this. \"Look, I would never do that.\" Elijah says defensively. \"Yeah right. We stay in the same dormitory. You think I don't hear things about you?\" \"I would never do anything to Alexis.\" Elijah repeats. \"I'm telling you this for your own good. Stay away from her.\" After a short pause, Elijah says, \"Or else what?\" By now, Nathan is unable to control his anger so he launches himself at Elijah. He manages to land a punch across his jaw before Elijah recovers from his shock and fights back. \"Nathan! Get off of him!\" I shout. \"If anyone is lurking in the streets they're going to hear you. You're practically letting everyone know where we are!\" They don't listen. They continue with their brawl. Elijah kicks Nathan off of him and rises to his feet. Just as quickly, Nathan rises to his feet and pounces again. They hit a wall hard, and I hear glass breaking. Nathan smashed Elijah into a picture frame. Luckily his body hit the frame, not his head, so no real damage was done. I decided shouting at them wasn't going to help so I ran across to try and stop the fight. Big mistake. I try and pull on Nathan's arm but he's too strong and I can't even get his hand to move. I duck out of the way as Elijah turns Nathan around and pins him against wall. Since Nathan is bending, his face scrapes against the picture frame and he gets a few cuts on his face from the glass. I figure that Elijah is easier to calm down so I try pulling at his arm. Instead of listening to me and pulling away from Nathan, he shoves me backward with so much force, I fall back and hit my forehead on the window sill. This seems to anger Nathan more and he gets a newfound strength. He whips around and pushes Elijah to the floor. He keeps punching him in the face until his nose in bleeding. Just then I hear voices shouting. \"You were supposed to be on guard from the terrorists! Not terrorise each other!\" I recognize the voice as Tyler's. I see a blurry image of my brother enter the room and pull Nathan off Elijah. Two other boys are with him. I figure that they are supposed to be next on guard duty. \"I was getting ready to come up here and relieve you, and someone comes up to me saying they can hear weird noises from upstairs, like someone was being beaten up. I come up here and find this. This is not how you're supposed to be behaving. You're acting like kids! This isn't high school okay? Fight any other time you want, but do you even know the kind of situation we're in now? We could be killed any minute and you two are busy trying to kill each other! Get your acts together. Now go downstairs and stay in opposite corridors. I don't want to see the two of you together again. I'll change guard duty.\" Nathan and Elijah get up slowly and walk down the stairs. Tyler comes and kneels down in front of me. He touches my forehead and I feel a stinging pain. \"What happened?\" he asks gently. I explain everything, except the part about being shoved by Elijah. I know that if I say that, Tyler would probably get into a fist fight with him too. \"And what happened to your head?\" I think of an excuse. \"I was trying to stop them and I slipped on the broken glass.\" \"And you fell all the way over here?\" I know he doesn't believe me, but I still nod my head. \"Okay. Well, let's go get your forehead cleaned up and then we can talk.\" He helps me to my feet and says to the other two boys, \"I'll send someone else for guard duty now. I'll come back up once I get my sister looked at.\" They nod and we head downstairs to one of the rooms. There are two bed, and Elijah and Nathan are seated on each. Elijah has a tissue up his nose and Nathan is being looked at by Carol. As soon as Nathan sees me he stands up, but Tyler puts up a hand and he sits back down. I am led to an armchair and once I sit down, Tyler says, \"Hey Carol, I need you to take a look at Alexis.\" She nods her head. She cleans up Nathan's cuts and puts a few Band-Aids on, then turns her attention to me. Elijah leaves the room without saying a word, and even though Tyler says Nathan can leave too, he stays, without uttering a response. Carol cleans the blood from my forehead and hair and wipes some antiseptic where I got cut. I wonder where she got the medical supplies from, but then I remember that there must be a first aid kit in at least 1 out of 4 rooms. She wraps a gauze around my head so now I look like I have a serious head injury. \"Thank you.\" I say to her before she leaves the room. Tyler approaches me. \"I should go. I've got guard duty. You get some sleep. I'll meet you when you wake up, and then you can tell me how you really injured your head. Also, we figured out a plan to save the hostages, but we're only going to discuss it tomorrow. You should be better by then. Don't leave your room, and if you do, make sure your with someone.\" \"Relax Tyler. I'll be fine.\" He reaches out as if to ruffle my hair, but then looks at the gauze wrapped around my head and instead pulls me in for a hug. Then he mumbles a few words – which I can't hear – to Nathan before leaving. Nathan and I stand there for some time without speaking. I know I should ask for an explanation, but I can't bring myself to do it. Some part of me feels like I already know the answer. I decide to instead walk out of the room, but before I can do that, Nathan's hand shoots out and his fingers lace with mine. He pulls me back and I yank my hand free. He looks a little hurt but the expression doesn't last longer than a second. \"I'm sorry.\" He says. \"Sorry? For what exactly? Because I have no idea what brought on that behaviour. The Nathan I know would never do such a thing.\" \"I don't like Elijah. You have no idea what he's like. He humps and dumps all the girls he's ever been with. You think I want that happening to you?\" \"You think I'm not smart enough to figure things out on my own? I wasn't interested in him. I never was. I don't see how it's any of your business anyways. Besides, you do the same thing to all the girls you meet.\" \"I told you that I care about every girl I've ever dated. I don't do what Elijah does. You know me better than that.\" \"So your trick is to go ahead and do whatever you want with a girl but wait a few weeks before dumping her so nobody will think you just used her. That's what you do, isn't it?\" He hesitates. \"I don't know what you're talking about–\" \"Oh please. I know about Alisa. I never wanted to say anything because I didn't think it was true, but now I know. God knows how many times you've been in similar situations with other girls.\" \"How do you know it's true?\" \"Because of the way you're acting. You think that if you can make Elijah look like a terrible person, I might go easier on you when you finally told me the truth about what you did in high school.\" \"Look, that was only one time, and I regretted doing it. High school was a horrible time for me okay. Once I came to college with Tyler, I became a new person. \"You seem the same to me.\" \"I mean I changed my attitude towards girls. I never treated them without respect from then on. And I have the most respect for you. I care about you okay? I don't want to see you mess things up with that guy.\" \"Are you sure that's the only reason? You don't have any other reason to start up a fight with a stranger?\" \"He isn't a stranger! I told you, I know a lot of things about that guy.\" \"Stop trying to act like you're the innocent one here. You started it so you probably have more of the blame than he does.\" \"If you knew the truth, you wouldn't blame me.\" He says softly. \"Yeah except you won't tell me the truth, so how can you expect me to understand?\" \"You want the truth?\" \"Yes I want the truth! All I ever want is–\" I don't get to finish because at that moment Nathan puts his hands on either side of my face and kisses me. I'm shocked at first, so I don't really register what's happening. I don't pull away. I just stand there and let him kiss me. After a few seconds he pulls away. His cheeks are red, and I doubt it's because of the cold. He backs away slowly. \"I'm sorry. I shouldn't have done that. I shouldn't have–\" He doesn't finish. Instead he hurries out of the room, leaving me to wonder why he said sorry when I was the one who never stopped him.[Chapter 8] VIII Saskiya I couldn't sleep. I was afraid that if I did, I would be plagued by nightmares. I was also afraid that someone might shoot my head off once my eyes were closed. I decided that if I stayed awake, I could not only protect myself, but Dylan too. He was asleep beside me, but he kept tossing and turning so I assumed he was either having a bad dream, or he wasn't comfortable. None of us can complain though. Comfort was the least of our worries. The room was silent. Almost everyone was asleep except for 2 teachers and myself. The silence wasn't good, because I kept thinking about many things at once. I kept wondering if the message was sent, and if so, what if Tyler was a hostage too? Maybe he was captured and kept in a different room? Then they would have seized his phone and his captors might not be as lenient as mine. I also got my hopes up and kept waiting for Tyler and a bunch of other people to burst through the door and rescue us. At one point I also remembered that Nathan was in the freezer room, so unless he managed to escape and get a hiding place, he was either taken hostage or frozen to death. I decided to not even think about the a few minutes, something happened that made me have much more to think about. The door burst open but Tyler wasn't the one who came. Instead there were two men dressed in black, and one dressed head to toe in an outfit that was such a dark shade of blue it looked black. For a second I wanted to laugh because it seemed that thy planned so much and at the last minute, they didn't have an extra black outfit, so they had to adjust to something similar. There's always a flaw in the system. \"Alright,\" One of them said. \"Everybody up!\" He didn't have a gun in his hands. In fact, none of them had a gun in their hands, so we didn't have to feel threatened and listen to them, but we did anyways. I reached out and nudged Dylan's arm. He woke up with a start. \"What's going on?\" He asked rubbing his eyes. I pointed to the three new men that came. He silently got to his feet, not asking for a further explanation. I joined him and the man who spoke earlier said, \"Okay, move out. And do it silently! We don't need to draw any attention.\" \"From who?\" The words were out of my mouth before I could stop myself. His eyes scanned the room. \"Who said that?\" After a few seconds I raised my hand. He walked over to me and I braced myself for whatever was about to happen. Instead of harming me though, he simply said, \"You've got guts to speak out like that. You're lucky I'm not like one of them,\" He nodded towards the other men. \"Because if I was, then you might have been on the floor right now bleeding to death.\" \"Well, that's the worst you can do isn't it? Kill me?\" I know I should've shut up but I couldn't bring myself to do it. \"I like your attitude. Just know that with anyone else, it might just get you in a situation where you will be begging for your death.\" He walks away and shouts for the people to move out faster. Dylan pokes me. \"Was that necessary?\" I look at him. \"I couldn't stop myself. Besides, he deserves it.\" \"Yeah, well, I don't think you would deserve the consequences if it happens again. Try and restrain yourself.\" \"I will.\" We keep walking until we are in another class. I recognize this one. The room is round and there and long semi-circular desks that fill the classroom, enlarging as the room gets bigger from front to back. It is my Psychology class. Dylan whispers to me just as we take a seat below the chalkboard. \"So, it doesn't look like your plan is going to work now.\" \"What are you talking about?\" \"Well, you told Tyler that we were in his chemistry class, but we've changed classrooms now, so how is he going to find us?\" I hadn't thought about that! Now, even if Tyler isn't a hostage, and he tries to come for us, he won't find us. I can't help but think that they somehow know I sent someone a message of our whereabouts. Now that I think about it, it's kind of obvious that that would be the only piece of important information I would give out. A horrible thought enters my mind. What if Tyler shows up there, and there are men inside the chemistry class, waiting to kill whoever comes to save us?[Chapter 9] IX Alexis I'm sitting at home and I'm trying to learn how to play the guitar from Tyler while Dylan plays with his remote controlled car. I remember this day. I was 10 years old. My dad comes home from work and Dylan's car drives into his foot. He smiles and picks up the toy car as Dylan gets up and runs towards him for a hug. Tyler and I do the same. We pull away and he seems tired. His eyes are red and puffy, as if he hasn't been getting sleep. \"When is mommy coming home?\" I ask, and all of a sudden, I know the answer. Dad's smile fades. \"We all need to talk. How about we take a seat on the couch and get a little comfortable?\" \"But I want to show mom the new song I learnt from Tyler on the guitar.\" I insist. \"Yeah,\" Dylan adds. \"And I want to show her my new car!\" Tyler doesn't say anything. I have a feeling he has caught on to whatever is happening. Now is the time. Now is the time he tells us that mommy isn't coming home. Instead, he pulls something out of his pocket. A gun. I look up to his face and suddenly, he is not my dad. He is a stranger who has his face covered in a mask. Only his eyes are seen. They are as black as the gun pointing to my forehead. I look around for help but Dylan and Tyler are no longer there. The stranger laughs. \"Any last words?\" I shiver. I don't know what to say, or if I should say anything at all. I guess my time is up because after a few seconds, before I can even think of what to say, he pulls the trigger. I wake up, drenched in sweat, even though it's freezing cold. It was just a dream . I look around the room but can't see anything since its pitch black. All I can make out is a figure on the next bed in deep sleep. The only person I know who snores like that is Tyler. He must have finished guard duty and come here to sleep. I know I probably won't fall asleep on my own, but I did know how to make myself sleep. I get up from the bed, looking around for the jacket I wore the previous day, but I can't find it. I assume that Tyler has put it back in his cupboard so I walk over to it and start rummaging through it. The contents of his cupboard surprise me a bit. I never actually took the time to actually see what was stashed in there but now I notice everything. Clothes, cash, drinks – alcoholic and non-alcoholic – books, and clear Ziploc pouches, which I am afraid to look into. There are also two pairs of walkie talkies and tons of cans. Some cans of spray paint, some of whipped cream, some of shaving cream, and a few cans of smoke. I have no idea what they wanted to do with smoke in a can but I push all thoughts aside and grab a random jacket. Not bothering to put slippers on, I sneak out into the corridor. Its freezing cold, since the blizzard has gotten worse, but all I focus on is finding the right room. I peep into every one until I find the one I want. The first room in the corridor. I tip toe across the hall and slip into the room, shutting the door softly behind me. Nathan is sprawled across the bed, deep in sleep. I think of waking him up but he seems so peaceful, I decide to leave and trouble my brother instead. When I turn around, I step on something hard and sharp, and it pierces my foot. The stinging pain makes me fall backward where my back hits a chair and it topples over. Suddenly a light comes on and Nathan is standing near a desk. On it is a bedside lamp which is the one he must have switched on. Once the light is on, I am able to see what I stepped on. Broken glass pieces from a bottle. The bottle seems to have been smashed right in front of the door. \"Alex? What are you doing?\" He asks drowsily. \"Well, I had a bad dream, so I thought I would come over here, but then when I saw you asleep, you looked so at peace, like you were having nice dreams, so I decided not to disturb you. Then I turned around to leave and I stepped on that.\" I said, pointing to the glass pieces. \"So I fell back and hit the chair in shock.\" He rubs the back of his neck. \"You can't keep yourself out of trouble, can you?\" He walks over, not waiting for an answer and grabs my hand. He leads me to his bed and makes me sit down. He walks over to one of the cupboard and rummages inside it for a while. \"Were you drinking?\" I ask. He doesn't reply. He keeps rummaging through the cupboard until he finds a box of Band-Aids and some antiseptic wipes. He walks over to me, kneels down, and wipes the underneath of my foot before placing two Band-Aids over the cuts. He gets back up and keeps the box and the antiseptic wipes back in the cupboard. Then he just leans back against the cupboard and looks at me. \"You didn't answer my question.\" I say. He sighs. \"Yeah. Just one bottle though.\" He says. \"It' in pieces because I threw it at the door out of frustration.\" He answers the question I was about to ask next. \"And you didn't bother to clean it up?\" \"Who cleans when their frustrated?\" \"Some people do.\" \"Yeah, people with OCD, not me.\" \"But what if someone were to come in the room like I did?\" \"Well, at this point I wasn't expecting anyone, especially not you.\" \"Why not?\" \"Everyone's pissed at me. Even Tyler. I figured you would be even more pissed because of what I did after the fight.\" I stayed silent for a while. \"I'm not.\" \"What?\" \"I'm not pissed at you.\" \"You've got to be kidding me.\" \"I'm not. I understand now why you fought with Eli. I'm only a little confused right now.\" \"Confused about what?\" \"Before I say, you have to tell me, where did you get the beer from?\" \"I told you I had things planned for the all-nighter.\" \"Well yeah I know that, I saw a few bottles in Tyler's cupboard too, but where did you get them from?\" He shrugs. \"I know a few people. So, what are you confused about?\" I was a little hesitant, but I decided to just come right out and say it. \"Why didn't you ever do it before?\" \"What? Kiss you?\" I nod. \"That's coming off as a bit too strong don't you think?\" \"Well, I mean not necessarily kiss me, but tell me.\" \"That I wanted to kiss you?\" \"Well, not exactly, but you know what I mean.\" \"Well, you were always good at reading people, and I figured you knew that I'm a horrible person who just plays around with girls.\" \"Well, I wouldn't say horrible. But even though you do all that, you care about all the girls you date. You don't want anything to happen to them. You said so yourself. And I know you won't ever let anything happen to me. I trust you.\" He chuckles a bit. \"Maybe I was right.\" \"About what?\" \"About you being Number 4. You like guys for who they really are.\" \"I never said I liked you.\" I remind him. \"Well, you just gave me your opinions of me, and they don't seem to be all that bad. Also, you said you trust me even though you know of all the things I've done in the past. Now tell me, would you say that unless you liked me?\" He says with a sly smile. I was at a loss for words. He took that as an opportunity and he walked across the room in two long strides and cups my face in his hands. He leans in and touches his mouth to mine. At first I don't respond, but then my eyes close and I kiss him back. Without moving his mouth from mine, he takes a seat beside me on the bed, and I put my arms around his neck, knotting my fingers in his hair. His hands slide down to my waist and they remain there. After what seems like forever, we finally pull apart. \"Well,\" I say taking a breath. \"This isn't what I was expecting when I came in here expecting a story to comfort me.\" \"Well, I'm sure you're comforted now.\" \"Yeah, I guess.\" \"What do you mean 'you guess'? I have never disappointed a girl before.\" \"Well, I'm not like other girls.\" A grin spreads across my face. \"Yeah, you've got a point.\" The room is silent for a while. Then Nathan's eyes widen, as if he just remembered something important, and he gets up and walks to a cupboard – not the one he got the first aid from, but the one beside it. From it, he pulls out a guitar. \"I forgot to mention that I found this in one of the rooms after you fell asleep last night.\" \"Well, this will comfort me even more.\" I try and give him sad looking eyes. \"You don't have to act like a puppy. I never skip out on an opportunity to sing.\" This was true. Ever since he started to sing to Dylan and me while babysitting us, it became his passion. He won many talent competitions, and at one point in middle school, he even had a band, but they all went their separate ways after a year. He had an amazing voice, and only when I was listening to him sing was when I really felt at peace. He sits on the floor in front of my while I lift my legs and pull them close to my body. \"What would you like to hear?\" He asks. \"You know my favourite.\" \"Lucky for you, I remember.\" He smiles. \"Wait, won't people wake up because of the noise?\" \"Noise? It's music. It isn't disturbing, it's always welcome. Especially with me singing.\" \"Alright, just start already.\" And so he begins to play 'Sweet child of mine'. Once he's done, I'm almost asleep. \"Do I bore you that much?\" He asks. I snap awake. \"No, no. It was lovely. I just love listening to that song. I do that to go to sleep, and well, I came in here half asleep, so…\" He smiles. \"Relax. I understand. Get some sleep.\" \"Yeah, okay.\" I get to my feet. \"Whoa, where are you going?\" \"To my room. Well, technically your room.\" \"I meant you could sleep here. I'm not going to make you go all the way to your room.\" \"It's just two doors away.\" \"Whatever, just sleep here. I'll go there.\" \"No. Stay here.\" \"With you?\" I nodded. \"Uh, thanks. I'm really interested in dying by the hands of your brother.\" He says sarcastically. \"You're scared of Tyler?\" \"Well, kind of, but only when he's being your overprotective brother. Besides, he's my best friend. I don't want to mess things up between us.\" \"You won't. Besides, all I want to do is sleep, nothing else.\" \"I know that but…\" The look on his face says that he still doesn't seem to like the idea. \"Actually, you're right. I'm sorry. I don't want to make you do anything you're not comfortable doing.\" I fall back and let my head hit the pillow. I pull the blanket up to my chin, so I can feel a little warmer, but it doesn't seem to help. I know I won't any sleep, but I have to act like I will, so I yawn. He seems to think for a while, then climbs into bed. \"I'll stay until you fall asleep.\" I snuggle up to him, laying my head across his chest. He has an arm around me so I feel a lot warmer. \"Alexis?\" He says after a while. The only times he calls me Alexis is when he's angry, or about to say something serious and important. I wondered which one it was now. \"Yeah?\" \"I love you.\" \"Are you sure? I mean we haven't even been on any dates.\" \"I've known you for like ten years. I'm pretty sure of the way I feel about you.\" \"Well, I–\" \"No,\" He cut me off. \"Don't say it back. I don't want you saying it just because I did. I want you to mean it when you say it. If you say it.\" \"I do love you. I'm just not sure if it's in the romantic, lovey-dovey kind of way.\" \"Take your time. Just try and give me an answer tomorrow okay?\" I laugh. \"Sure, Nate.\" I close my eyes and try to fall asleep. The only thing I remember before entering my dream landscape – which was all good dreams by the way, no nightmares – was the soft sound of snoring from Nathan beside me. \"Wake up!\" Someone shouts. I snap awake and sit up. My head feels dizzy from sitting up so fast. Nathan fell to the floor in shock, and it was then that I realized he never got up to go to his room once I slept. I look around the room, my vision still blurry, and notice a figure standing in front of me. \"What's going on?\" The voice demands. Tyler. I panic for a few seconds but then calm down. Nathan just has a mouth wide open, and he can't think of what to say. This is one of the only times I see Nathan speechless. \"Nothing. I came in here because I had a bad dream, so he sang me to sleep.\" Which was the truth. \"Why couldn't you wake me?\" \"Well, you had the last guard duty, so I figured you needed the rest. Besides, it seems more punishable to wake up Nate, what with the huge fight yesterday and all.\" \"Not a bad excuse, but that doesn't mean I believe it.\" \"It's the truth.\" Nathan finally speaks. \"I don't want to hear anything from you right now. Especially not now.\" Nathan just nods, as if understanding. \"Look, I don't know what you're so upset about.\" \"You're in bed with Nathan.\" He says through clenched teeth. \"Well, it's not like anything happened! We only fell asleep. And I needed some comfort.\" \"Well, I'm sure you got plenty of that.\" \"Hey, if Saskiya was here, you know you would be spending as much time with her as possible. If you could hold her in your arms, thinking it might be the last time, you would. Hell, you might have done a lot more thinking you wouldn't live to see the next day. At least I didn't.\" I can see that my words seem to sting, but he has to realize that I'm old enough to take care of myself. \"I'm older than you.\" \"Well, Saskiya isn't. Does that make it any different? Or does it make our situation pretty much the same?\" He stays silent for a long time. \"Get dressed and meet me in the main hallway for breakfast in 5 minutes. We've got plans to discuss.\" He walks out of the room. I look at Nathan. \"We should probably get ready. I don't want to make him angrier than he already is.\" He tells me. I nod and get up to go to my – Nathan and Tyler's – room. I open Tyler's cupboard and take out one of his football jerseys. By the blue colour, I recognize it as a Chelsea jersey. On the back is 'TORRES' and below that, the number 9. Despite the fact that I'm not really a Chelsea fan, I put it on and decide to wear the same pants. Out of the cupboard, I also grab a jacket and a red beanie and put both on. Satisfied, I move to the hallway, where Tyler and Nathan are already seated, with white containers in front of them. They seem to be having an intense conversation, but neither of them seem angry or worried, so I calm down a little as I approach them. \"Um, what's for breakfast?\" I ask as I sit down near Nathan. \"Same as yesterday.\" Says Tyler passing me a white container full of waffles. I don't complain. I begin to eat and then Nathan speaks up. \"So, about the plan?\" \"Yeah,\" Tyler says. \"So basically all of us have to go in there and try and get everyone out. The only problem is that we don't have any weapons.\" \"Well, we could make use with whatever we have.\" I suggest. \"Yeah, but none of that could really help us as opposed to guns.\" \"But they aren't actually using the guns are they,\" Nathan points out. \"I mean we know they have hostages, but we don't know what they want from the school. Besides, these guys don't seem to know what they're doing. Normally everyone would be checked before they became hostages but Saskiya still had her phone. Only when you called did they find out she had a phone.\" \"Has anyone called the cops?\" Nathan asks. \"Yeah, we did. But they can't enter school premises because apparently the leader of all these gunmen has said that for each officer that comes in, a hostage dies.\" Tyler supplies. \"So they just gave up?\" Nathan says. \"Well, no. There's an officer who keeps in contact with the leader and keeps trying to convince him to stop or leave. The leader probably keeps asking for things as ransom. All I know is that he has asked the officer to keep headmaster Fletcher around, because apparently he is very important for whatever task they intend to carry out. I think they're trying to find something, and only the headmaster knows where it is.\" \"Wait, so headmaster Fletcher isn't a hostage?\" \"Nope. He wasn't in when all hell broke loose.\" \"Okay so basically, we can't beat them by force, so we need to think of a way to trick them, and I have an idea, but we need someone to be a decoy.\" I say. \"For what?\" Tyler asks. \"Well, we need someone to go and act like they're trying to rescue whoever is in the room, but obviously that person will get caught, and will be taken into the room.\" \"How does that help?\" Nathan asks. \"Would you let me finish?\" I narrow my eyes. He simply nods and I continue. \"So, as I was saying, the person will be taken in the room, but not empty handed. He or she – most likely a she – will–\" \"Wait, why is the person most likely a girl?\" Nathan objects. When he doesn't get a reply, he says, \"Right. Sorry. Continue.\" \"He or she will carry a few smoke cans and a walkie talkie just in case things go wrong. In the meantime, we're going to have people situated outside the window of the class with crowbars or something that can break glass.\" \"Okay, I get where this is going.\" Says Tyler. \"So, the decoy hostage goes in and somehow sets off the smoke cans and then from the outside people will break open the windows.\" \"Exactly,\" I say. \"And then all the people can file out. The decoy will also have to carry extra cans in case the first two wear off too fast.\" \"That's a great plan and all, but it's not like the guards in the room are just going to sit back and let that happen.\" Nathan points out. \"Well, yeah I thought about that and realized that whoever the decoy hostage is, is going to need back up. At least two people to knock the guards in the room unconscious. We can keep two more guys close by just in case we're outnumbered.\" \"Well, it won't be long before back up shows up though.\" \"I know, so we have to be really quick, and we aren't completely safe until we leave campus grounds. Getting out of the class isn't enough.\" \"Okay, we can work out something. Some of us have cars here. We'll just have to keep them ready and hope everyone can squeeze in.\" Tyler says. \"Yeah, that will work. But we have to be quiet.\" I say. \"Okay, we'll park them a few feet away and then just run to them. We'll leave the keys in ignition and have a driver in each car to be ready to drive us out.\" \"Wait, what about the main gate? And the class room hallways? They'll be guarded for sure.\" Nathan says. \"Yeah, well about the gate, we have to just drive through it or something.\" I tell him. \"Not necessarily,\" Tyler says. \"The brick wall that surrounds the school? It's been going under repairs for a while and there's one part of the wall that's not completely developed yet. It's like two feet shorter than the rest of the wall and stretches about 8 feet wide. Big enough for a car to fit through, weak enough for a car to break through.\" \"Great, and about the hallways?\" \"We can use the ventilation systems to crawl right to the front of the class they're being held in.\" \"How do we know where that is?\" \"Oh, Nathan and I are very familiar with the ventilation systems. How do you think we get around without being seen, or pull pranks?\" \"Oh, is that why you have smoke cans and other weird things in your cupboard?\" \"Got that right.\" Tyler flashes a small smile. The first real one I've seen since he got us out of the freezer room. \"Okay, so we're all set.\" \"Whoa, no we aren't. You still didn't say why the decoy hostage has to be a girl.\" Nathan says. \"Well, because girls have the best chance at sweet talking the guards into getting out information.\" I finally clarify his doubt. \"And you think either Rebecca or Carol can do that?\" Nathan laughs. \"No, I was thinking that I would do it.\" I say softly. \"Wait, what?\" Both Nathan and Tyler say in unison. \"I knew you would react that way but I have reasons. Firstly, I have the best smooth talking skill here.\" \"Not true.\" Nathan says. \"Yeah well, I doubt all the guards are into men so I'm probably the best bet.\" \"Okay, so that's you're only reason?\" Tyler says. \"Well, that and the fact that it was my idea, so since you're using it, you might as well let me call the shots.\" \"Look,\" Nathan begins. \"I know you're the hottest girls here and all, but that doesn't mean we're going to risk you to save everyone, even if it is a brilliant plan.\" I blush a little, but keep my face straight. \"Look, I have the best chance of making this plan work, and if you don't go through with it, you're going to regret it.\" I direct my words at Tyler. There is silence for a few minutes. Then Tyler finally says, \"No. I'm sorry, but my family comes first. I can't let you do this. Not if I can help it.\" \"What if I just go ahead and do it myself.\" \"You can't.\" \"Try me.\" \"Stop it Alexis. Stop being so stubborn. Can't you see that I don't want you getting hurt?\" \"Can't you see that I don't want you getting hurt? Losing Saskiya would break you. I can't see that happen. Not if I can help it.\" \"Tyler, don't listen to her. We can come up with another plan to get Saskiya out.\" Nathan pleads. \"Please, Tyler.\" I say. \"You have to see that I'm not a small kid anymore.\" Tyler thinks for a while. \"Okay.\" \"What? Tyler–\" Nathan begins, but gets cut off. \"Nathan. I know you're upset, but–\" \"Upset?\" he asks, slamming his hand down on the table, which makes me flinch a little. I'm furious! You go ahead and out your sister's life on the line to save your girlfriend ? I know how you feel about her, but are you so oblivious that you don't realize that the way you feel about Saskiya is the way I feel about Alexis?\" \"Nate, he wasn't even willing at first. I just really tried hard to convince him and it worked.\" I try to calm him down, although my brain is still trying to digest what he had said. \"I know, I'm sorry. It's just… it's not fair.\" \"Nobody said life was fair.\" I say and put my hand over his. \"Fine, but just so you know, what I'm about to say now cannot be negotiated.\" He says and I nod. \"Tyler and I are going to be the two guys backing you up.\" ","Summary":" I Alexis \"It's freezing cold in here!\" I complained, rubbing my gloved hands together. My friend "},{"Movie":"Dunkirk","Title":"Home is where their hearts laid","Author":"HuffleSnuffler","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12621354","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I've trailed this story on in mind I guess and realise it might come off as disrespectful - which I don't mean to! I can't stop my mind sometimes :DD this will be long and hopefully fully fleshed taking us right up to the end of the war (yes I plan on bringing these four cinnamon rolls that far) also no disrespect to the LGBTQ community but it was different back then and I'll eventually address those issues so if you don't like that kind of thing , I'll warn you when we get there :) also I don't own the characters but I've sorta developed them /back stories/traits etc. but obviously rights go to Nolan and the film crew :'DD oh I'm sorry that was so long! I'll shush now ;P (THIS IS ALSO NOT 100% CANON TO THE FILM AND WILL BRANCH OFF) THIS IS THREE CHAPTERS IN ONE (or there about) and I don't want to re-format the whole thing so I had to compile it here. the others are not nearly as long :'DD anyway enjoy (if you want) ~! 20th March 1936~ A spring sky was softened over with dull grey clouds blocking out any early sun rays who had tried to shift their way through; Peter was sure it was going to rain. Pulling out his bike he had gotten for his 11th birthday, rusted in certain places and the baby blue paint mostly washed down, from the shed and throwing himself onto and he began his new morning trip up to Botany Bay. Despite his father's strict warning that he could only travel to Viking Bay and no further, he raced on. As nice as Viking bay was it was small and Peter wanted more adventure and risks, so Botany Bay it was. The bike ride from Broadstairs to the Bay would last at least a couple hours and as long as he got home before lunch he should get away with it. The trip consisted of pulling up lanes dusted in thistles and long grass, tickling his thighs and under his shorts, and through streets where most residents were still sleeping. And with some wind still whipping through the streets pushing through his blue jumper and the occasional bird flying over head, Peter eventually made it to the cross road to the bay. Ditching his bike as to avoid any more of the paint coming off or puncturing a wheel, she was his only bike, after all, he shoved his way down the sandy and rocky slope onto the bay. And what a sight it was. Even for a fourteen-year-old, he could still admire in awe the smaller white chalk and moss covered boulders littered throughout along with a small tide coming in and rich yellow sand. The trees gripping some of the wind and dancing along as well as the occasional break through of sunlight made the place seem almost ethereal. He had no particular reason for coming other than a small grasp of freedom he felt, maybe try and climb the tall boulders or see how far out into the vast ocean he could go before danger approached. The smell of salt was thick and as always would follow him home, stuck in his clothes and dusty blonde hair. Spotting a fairly tall boulder he decided he would see if he was still rusty. Grabbing the thin ledges with his fingers he began shifting his weight. Left to right, right to left and so on. However one of his shoes unfaithfully slipped forcing him to grasp the ledge tighter. Knowing there will probably be some scrapes and cuts to follow. Hauling himself up further, Peter flipped himself onto the top of the boulder. A vast view of the bay and sea followed. He was certain he could see France from here! Taking in the view he noticed tendrils of seaweed poking out of the water now and again and smaller rocks with seashells occasionally thrown in along the beach. Wiping his hands on his shorts; his Dad is probably going to kill him anyway when he finds out he was so far out so some dirty and slightly bloody shorts wouldn't matter, he took another look around. This time, however, he noticed that there seemed to be a wreckage albeit a small one near a rock pool. Planks and tattered sail splintered throughout the rock pool. Probably a small make shift raft that had been torn up by the sea. Poor thing probably sailed too far in and hit the rocks. There probably wasn't anyone there but still, best to check. Taking a little more care in coming down from the rocks Peter made his way up the beach towards the raft wreckage. Though it was probably nothing to a well-seasoned sailor to a kid like him, it looked horrid. Shifting his weight slightly he checked for anything noticeable. When a hand came into view from behind the wreckage. A hand? Just great. Making his way through the wallowing planks he came across a small, pale boy. Probably younger than him by a few years by the looks of it, he was rather small with a soft face framed by curly hair, whether from the water or natural Peter couldn't tell, and a pair of ruined shorts and a shirt with quite a few holes in it. He should probably check if the fella was dead. How do you do that anyway? He had just left school but still, they don't teach you these kinds of things/ Bringing himself to the level of the other boy he hovered his ear above his face, listening. It was soft but there. A faint inhale and exhale of air. Alright, so the boy wasn't dead. So Peter couldn't really leave him. Heaving him up, after checking for any visible injuries other than some bruises and bumps, and onto his back, he went back up the bay. Then realising his bike was still here, and he couldn't really handle an extra body on top of his on the old thing he'd have to leave it. His dad was going to utterly murder him. Trekking back onto the main road he began his trip home. Unfortunately this time it would probably take twice as long if not longer the time to go to the bay and he had to stop to check the other boy wasn't dead too. Oh dear. He'd miss lunch and his dad was probably worried sick. With no other option than to continue, he carried on his way. It was a good hour of noon by the time he got back and he could already make out two police men standing by the door with his dad. Ducking behind the bush Peter realised they'd probably think he'd murdered the boy! He dropped the boy into the under bushes with little grace and made himself look a little more tired. He'd need a cover story or something. Anything! He could just say he went to the Bay and his bike ended up broken, not entirely wrong but. Or he could say he was chasing - a sheep? No. A robber? Even worse. He'd just stick with the bike idea. Pushing the boy's arm away under the bushes and started heavy breathing he came out of the bushes and made a turn towards them. 'Dad!' he called, getting all three men to turn and noticing his dad still in his gown, earning a tug on his lips. 'Peter! What on earth? Where have you been young man!?' oh no dad was mad again. He met up with them and his dad pulled him into a large hug, time to cover up. 'I went to the bay-' Peter started 'better not have been Botany' was the harsh response making him flinch slightly 'Only to check! I just wanted to see the rocks since Dover would be too much, and my bike broke! I ran into a tree stump, scuffed up my hands. see?' he threw his hands in his dad's sight, covered in dried blood and some bruises. 'Peter-' 'well if this is your missing son we'll be on our way now, look after yourself more kiddo' the police man was straight to the point and the two of them turned and walked away. 'thank you officers!' his dad called as they walked off. He was in big trouble now. 'we need a word young man-' 'dad wait! There was a wreckage' his dad's face flickered to one of concern quickly 'not a big one, like a raft, but there was a lot scattered about and I didn't really break my bike I had to leave it there 'cause there was a boy there - I brought him here! He's under the bush!' realising how stupid he sounded Peter flushed in embarrassment. 'which bush? Show me. Now Peter' the tone was harsh but softer than before. He led him to the bush and pulled back some branches 'Peter, gods he looks half dead' 'He's not! I checked his breathing a lot on the way'. His dad picked the boy up and hauled him inside 'get the first aid kit Pete' Ok we were back to his dad's name for him, good. Inside his dad set the boy down on the settee and grabbed a blanket, Peter passed the kit to him. 'Good, now go brew him some tea' ' you think he'll wake up so soon? 'now Pete'. Shuffling into the small kitchen full of dishes and fishing awards and equipment, he went about brewing the tea. He heard some groans and his dad moving around with the first aid kit in the lounge and decided to wash up some dishes still left behind from last night. Finishing up the tea he went into the lounge to see the little boy open his eyes, tired deep hazel eyes. 'Here dad, still a bit hot. There's some sugar in but not a lot' knowing his dad hates it when he puts too much in. His dad passed the tea to the boy as he lifted him up and put a cushion behind him. He wished his dad was this nice when he was sick. Standing awkwardly by the door his dad just throws a ' go get changed and grab some fresh clothes for the boy' and he was on his way up the happily worn stairs. Throwing on a spare jumper and some trousers he went down with something similar from his wardrobe and went downstairs. He placed them gently on the chair next to the settee and stood there as his dad patched the boy up. 'It's alright, nothing serious. Few wounds here and there but he came out lucky' his dad closed up the first aid kit and passed it to Peter ' go make him something small'. disappearing into the kitchen he came out a few minutes later with a small ham sandwich and passed it to the kid with a short 'its ham'. The boy was a little shaky but nothing too bad and when asked questions he could only respond with 'lost', presumably his name 'George' and what they thought was his age '13' before eating most of the sandwich and drinking half the cup before passing out. 'Leave him be, was there anything else there?' 'not that I could see, Dad what are we going to do?' 'well, the kid has a sense of wanting to sail so why not bring him into our little family'. And that was it settled, Peter would now have this George in his life from now one. Oh, Lord. A few weeks had gone by and the boy known as George, Peter had to learn to call him that, had grown into their tight little fishing family. He wasn't a big talker and often would ask to be doing something to help out. They found out he had memory loss probably due to hitting his head or something and tried to sail off the shore of his home town long forgotten and had run into a storm, which was unusual so early in March but it could still happen but just unexpectedly. He knew he didn't like sitting around and against his father's wishes, had gone out to sea. He must have drifted along the coast till he ended up at Botany Bay where Peter found him. He was lucky to be alive if they were being honest and decided it would be best to bring him in as an apprentice of sorts, teach him how to properly sail like he was doing with Peter. Unfortunately for Peter growing fond of George was quite difficult as his father had grown quite attached. It also became clear that George was clumsy and his hair must be natural as the curls had stayed persistence in his dark locks. Peter often found he was staring a little too much. His father had also gravitated towards helping George more often than Peter. And he was definitely not jealous. Not at all. Since Peter had just finished school they decided it's best not to bring George into school. The weeks passed with more small voyages out on Moonstone, their girl, and was spent with him and George being taught by his father. 1937~ Eventually, months passed and Peter and he reached fifteen in July and eventually caved and much like his father grew fond of George, usually catching him and preventing him from being clumsy. They spent the fishing season getting better at the craft but understandably George was yet to be allowed to guide the boat like Peter had once or twice. They had gone to get George his fishing license too much like Peter has last year. Which in itself was taxing. He had messed up his test a few times but eventually go the hang of it and passed, his little card shimmering along with his smile. He lost his first tooth while being with them one day at the park. They had been playing hide and seek and it was mid-summer so it was rather warm, but this was England so it was accompanied by rain and humidity. The park was slightly damp and they had been having fun on the swings and decided to play the next game they could come up with. Leaving the wooden swings behind Peter hid first. He was taller than George and found curling up in a dead tree quite difficult. Curling his legs up and wrapping his arms around himself he listened. Not hearing George softly counting he decided he was either trying to find him or lost. What he wasn't expecting was a blood-curdling scream that sounded a lot like George. He scrambled out and dusted the wet leaves off as he ran after the noise. When he got there, George was slumped by a tree stump with his hand covering his mouth. He made his way over and didn't understand why he had screamed until in his curled hand he revealed a small baby tooth. He laughed and laughed until he chest burned. George didn't seem to like that and got himself off the ground and stalked home. Peter swore he saw a small thundercloud above his head. He tried cheering him up and apologising the whole way home but George was having none of it. When they go home his dad took care of George's tooth and grounded Peter for a week because of his teasing. Eventually, George caved and began talking to him. A cute faint lisp because of the tooth gap. It came to August when he heard his Dad and brother having an argument downstairs. It was early morning and he and George were in his hammock when the racket began. He strained his ears to try and see what the mess was about. When what he thought was a plate smashed he decided to eavesdrop. Moving to his room door he silently opened it and sat at the top of the stairs. Listening quietly. He peered over at George to check he was sleeping while he waited. 'You're not going James' 'Dad come on, they're going to enlist me, either way, this just bites the bullet' 'No. You need to stay here and be a fisherman, stay where it's safe!' So they were fighting about James leaving or something. Surely he would come back? What was all the hissing about then? 'If I don't go eventually even here won't be safe! You think I'm just going to stand here and let it happen?! Dad comes on, if I go it makes everything easier than it has to be. You can look after Pete and the smaller kid. George? And I can go and train. Nothing is going to happen until I'm deployed, alright?' Deployed? Was James off to train somewhere? 'You are going to break this family further James. You know it hurt everyone when your mother-!' 'I know Dad, that's why I have to go. If I don't then they'll get to you and I won't be able to stop them. We live on the coast Dad, don't tell me that it will always be safe!' This sounded pretty bad. Dad never brought their Mum up. Ever. 'And what about Pete, What about us?' 'It's fine, I'll come back. Promise. Besides Pete's nearly old enough to do what I do around here, he can help. Not to mention the other boy'. 'You have to trust me that you come back safe. And send letters to us' 'Of course Dad. Love you.' 'Love you too Son' They must have hugged or something before James was out the door, Jacket in hand blonde hair styled back and dressed in a tight uniform. Just like that. Didn't bother talking to Peter or George or looking back. He just left. Didn't even bother picking up the broken pieces on the floor. He probably wouldn't visit mother. He didn't know when or how but Peter began to resent him for that. He helped Dad pick up the pieces and make breakfast before waking George. He never mentioned James again. He eventually found out that he had gone to train at an RAF base in Yorkshire, taking the train. He wanted to be a pilot. He left his family and didn't look back. He barely wrote were as his Dad always wrote a Sunday letter at the kitchen table. Or he'd spot his Dad looking at an aeroplane book, learning about it. James eventually went from one letter every now and then to stopping contact altogether. His dad took it pretty hard. His light blonde hair turning greyer and always had a tight lip when James was mentioned as Peter found by talking about him. Peter resented him even more for that. Promised himself he'd give him an absolute punch when he saw him next and that he would look after his dad and George, be the better son. George's birthday rolled around in November and they spent the day relaxing in the boat. His dad finally letting him man the Tiller, of which he cause to go out of control. But it was ok because he smiled bigger than the sun and was happy. That's all that mattered that day. Christmas eventually came around and everyone got a few presents including George. They had the extra money since the season had been decent and since his mother wasn't around anymore and his brother was training. The Presents were small, clothes, lures and other things but the three were more content than usual. George got his brother's room but would usually come into Peter's room at night with nightmares. Typical but it had become routine for Peter to leave his door open slightly and George would slip in without waking his dad and they would cuddle in his hammock till early morning. Not to mention breakfasts were always chaos as they all stumbled around to get the three of them fed. But it seemed to work out alright. 1938~ The rest of the year passed by without incident and by June time Peter and George had become quite close. They never really had any other friends as they were all doing something else, and they didn't go to the bar as Dad said they weren't allowed to do such scandalous things at their age. Most days were spent learning about fishing or sailing, stories of Dad when he was younger and those odd days where they could do whatever they wanted. It was one of those days by the end of June when they decided to go to the orchard off by the train station on a Sunday when they weren't out by the boats. They went on Peter's newer bike which both his dad and George had pitched in to get him, shiny red paint and larger than the last, up through town. Stopping by the ice cream man who, as usual, shouted them down as the 'two boys with the old man's boat' as usual and they stopped to buy some vanilla cones. And they were on their way. Reaching the orchard was quick and they ditched the bike to go running through the trees. Noticing some ripe apples he grabbed one for him and one for George, 'you shouldn't steal Pete' his tone was mother-hen like and he turned to look at his hazel eyes 'hey, he won't even notice, here they're great'. He passed on to him, red glaze shining in the sun. The apples were eaten with vigour and the two carried on. Up to their secret meadow within the trees. Laying down and rolling around as if to purposefully mess their clothes up. His dads gonna kill 'em. After some more rough housing, they fell on to the grass with a resounding thud and deep breaths. Usually finding they could talk about anything this time was no different, 'Pete?' 'hmm?' 'What's all this talk of war?' an innocent enough question but Peter didn't have much knowledge of wars and such and found it was mostly adult stuff so that's what he replied with. 'But surely it's really bad news?' 'gosh, Georgie it's like you want there to be a bloody war!' he exclaimed with a laugh earning a giggle and a flustered reply. 'No! It's just your brother and the talk in the newspapers and-' 'nothing bad will happen, alright?' He felt dirty by the way he sounded like James. 'Promise?' 'promise'. the wind was warm and tussled with their shirts and hair along with bringing along the fresh scent of fruit. 'forever?' he was still being stubborn it appeared. 'For forever!' Peter quickly noticed his hand on George's own and sprung up, heading towards the tallest tree. 'Follow me!' was the rushed out reply caught on the wind as he ran through the yellow field. George was quick to follow and soon they were both a laughing mess running towards the tall pine. Soon it was a race and one foot after another, branch after branch and of course Peter hit the top first. 'look at all this view Georgie!' soon enough he appeared from the branches smiling and sat next to Peter on the other branch. They continued talking and taking in the light on their faces and the wonderful view of the sky and town. 'Hey, you know? there's no other place I'd rather be' seems like George agreed as he exclaimed 'me too!' and both began giggling. They sat like that for awhile but along the way, Peter must have been blinded by the sharp sun as they both suddenly feel a branch give way. George's scream, the one sound he dreaded, was enough for Peter to panic and start throwing himself down the tree praying as he went. Hitting the bottom he ran over to George's limp form and shook him 'Georgie? George! Hey!' 'Ow' a hiss 'Ow, Pete. I- I can't feel my arm'. Peter looked at both noticing his left arm was bent something horrid. 'Alright, anything else hurt?' 'My back, ah, a little'. Shifting him up was difficult and Peter began remembering the bay but tossed the thoughts aside. Shifting George's injured arm around his shoulders he put George on his back. 'Alright try to stay awake I'll get us to the bike and dad can get a doctor over, alright Georgie?' the response was a head nuzzling his neck and a murmured 'Ok'. The way home was difficult and he swore George would be the death of him. By the time he got them home it was late sundown and his dad was already at the door. Unlike last time he didn't look angry and only worried at the sight of them. George almost passed out with a swollen and red arm around Peters neck and Peter with a limp in his leg, an injury sustained from the way down the tree. Both covered in little scraps and twigs and leaves alike. 'My lord Pete, what happened?' his father came to lift George off of him and brought him inside with Peter limping in after them. 'We went to the orchard, climbed the tallest tree, I know it was dumb. It was my idea, all my fault dad. I just wanted us to see what it looked like from there' he paused blinking back a few tears for some stupid reason. 'I don't know what happened but he- I couldn't see, he fell. The branch snapped I think. I was quick to getting down to him I swear' he took a moment to breathe and hissed as he moved to sit down.'I think he broke his arm dad, carried us home on the bike, I swear I haven't panicked more in my life' he was basically in tears by the time his dad got him an ice pack and a cloth. 'I need to call a doctor hopefully It isn't as bad as it looks. You need to rest that leg, keep pressure off of it' 'I know' Peter ducked his head to avoid looking his dad in the eye. He had acted so stupidly and that had gotten George hurt. The incident however eventually came and passed with Peter's Leg healing quite well and George having to have a sling and bandages for a few months, ashamed he was so clumsy and Peter constantly reassuring him he wasn't. Their routines continued but the nightmares this time would be about the boat or about the tree, Peter felt like a prick for giving him nightmares after almost a year of barely any. The rest of the year passed in similar fashion, both of them laughing as they did stupid things and getting themselves hurt. His dad swore they were going to be the death of him. They shared everything as a small fishing family and they eventually made a good impression on the people of Broadstairs. 1939~ They continued on in their small life when in mid-February they were relaxing at home, Him and George, reading and what not when someone knocked on the door. He got up and put his tea down walking towards the door. He opened it to reveal his father standing with his hands behind his back and a dopey grin on his face. 'Dad what are you-?' 'shush, where's George, you two get in the lounge I have a surprise'. Doing as ordered he pulled George into the lounge as his dad shut the door. He was slightly anxious as to this so called 'surprise' and waited. 'Ready you two?' 'Yeah, sure Dad'. The two of them waited as George hid slightly behind him, looking over his shoulder. He heard soft padding and sniffing with his dad whispering 'Go on, in there buddy'. And as they waited, around the corner a little bundle of fur came into view, tripping on the carpet. Fur? George squealed in delight and rushed forward picking it up and hugging it. He was sure he was going to suffocate the poor thing. His dad turned the corner laughing and shouting 'Surprise!'. He looked down and noticed the bundle of Fur was actually a dog. A puppy to be more precise. 'He's a cocker spaniel! Daft animal but a great hunter!' his dad and George laughed away. 'Got him from a man at the docks, He was the last on and the man was going to dump the poor thing in the river! I stopped him and asked him why, said something about the dog being useless. Of course, I took him off of him and brought him home. Thought we could use a small friend.' He dad was bloody mental. They couldn't house a dog, surely not. The puppy was rather fat and mostly white, save for the black tear drop on his back and smaller raven dots. He ran around, bumping into the table once or twice but mostly wagging his tail happily along. 'Jasper! let's name him Jasper!' George exclaimed, 'well alright then, Jasper it is, welcome home Jasper!' His dad and George giggling away. Peter just shook his head at the whole thing. As the months went by without incident Jasper became part of the family, growing into a slim, healthy dog. He couldn't really help that much but was protective and knew some tricks like 'Sit' and could catch fish in his paws sometimes when they walked him by the Bays. They gave him a little bandana, blue with white fishes on it, and tied it around his neck. Along with a collar to house his id behind it in brown, simple leather. And of course, he softened up to George the most. And of course Peter the least. But he still grew to love the little bugger. September rolled into their lives and the UK declared war on Germany. His dad grew quieter and it wasn't until towards the end of September that there was a sharp knock at the door one evening. Peter was finishing up washing the dishes and George and his Dad was out walking Jasper and they wouldn't be back for a while. He moved to open the door after putting the kitchen towel down and was met with an officer of some sort. 'Can I help you, Sir?' He had a letter in hand and a very serious look. 'Is Mr Dawson in today?' 'He is put right now, I'm his youngest son, Peter.' He held out his hand and they shook, but the line he said next made a nervous pit in his stomach. 'I'm afraid boy, that your brother. James. Was killed in action a few weeks ago. In the battle with Squadron No.149. The Vickers Wellington he was in was shot and taken down. There were no survivors seen'. He couldn't think straight and there was a ringing in his ears. 'Do you-' he swallowed the hard lump in his throat 'Do you have the body?' he couldn't look him in the eye as he took the letter. 'Unfortunately not as the wreckage has sunk, we can only confirm the death of him in that plane. However we had this at our office' He pulled a smaller letter, slightly worn and dirty, out of his pocket. 'I am sorry for your loss but I must depart'. 'Of-Of course. Thank you, Sir' He struggled to close the door as the man walked away. He walked back into the lounge and slumped into the settee. His hands trembled to open the letter which was only going to confirm what he just heard. As he read it over and over, hot tears fell from his face, tarnishing some of the ink. He knew his dad was going to be devastated. He turned the smaller, more crumpled letter and saw that it was addressed to 'My Family' in his brother's handwriting. He wasn't coming back. He failed his promise to his dad. He stuffed the letter into his trouser pocket and sat there with the letter in hand. The tears would dry but new ones would appear as he got angrier. He just had to go and bloody die didn't he! The fool. The resentment and malice came back full force and he smashed the cup of tea that had long gone cold on the table with his fist. He ignored the way it stained his hand and table. Dripping onto the carpet. Ignored the red tarnishing the brown and the ceramic littered around the table legs. The sun fully set and the house was sent into a dull darkness. He stayed sat there, bloody hand set on his leg and the letter in the other. He didn't bother closing the curtains or cleaning up. His head was too muddled up for that. He heard the soft ticking of the clock as a constant sound in his still ringing ears. He sat there a little longer before he heard barking and the front door being unlocked. They had come home. He had to break the news to them. He had folded the letter back into the envelope earlier and kept it in his hands. Jasper ran straight to him, sniffing him and looking at his bloodied hand. George was in next, soft face gasping as he dropped the lead. His dad was the last in and stared wide-eyed at him. 'Peter my god what happened!?' George was the first to act grabbing the pieces on the floor and getting the first aid kit. His dad came over and tried to grab the letter. He pulled it to his chest and looked down in horror. 'Pete what, who wrote this? What is it about?' His dad was trying the old soft tactic again, like when he was a young boy. he decided to repeat the words he'd read a hundred times, 'In the Battle of the Heligoland Bight, Squadron No.149, September 4th, 1939. The reported death of James E. R. Dawson after his Vickers Wellington was shot down by the enemy and consequently dived into the ocean beneath. There was no seen parachute deployed. Presumed dead as no bodies were recovered.' His voice was cracked and dry and the face of George and his father fell. He gripped the letter tightly. 'In other words, he didn't fulfil his promise to you Dad'. The room went silent as George cleaned his hand up, saying he was lucky he didn't need stitches and bandaged it and his dad looked down. He passed him the letter with shaky arms and let him have it. As if he thought Peter was lying. 'An officer came earlier and gave it to me. He had nothing else'. He was aware of the letter sitting accusingly in his trouser pocket. He ignored it. His dad read the letter and silently wept. He had never seen him cry before. Jasper went and sat patiently, softly whining in certain intervals. His dad put the letter in a drawer and told them to get some sleep. They went to bed that night with heavy hearts. There was a funeral for him in October but Peter couldn't stand it. His resentment had never left and the funeral felt fake. His dad gave him a speech and they left with heavy hearts. he hid the letter in a book he barely read and in his private drawer. Left unopened. And somehow after all that, they kept living. They simply had to. May 1940~ It was two years after they first picked George up that the war got worse and they were plunged further into the mess along with France. Though nothing had yet to happen to their home in Broadstairs aside from last year. Peter wasn't so sure it would last that way. One morning and coming in from the docks along with George and Jasper by their feet, wagging his tail along that he saw his dad at the table reading and having lunch. Kicking off their shoes they sat down at the old settee and relaxed. However, Peter managed to see the headline on the newspaper his dad was reading. The date was 20th May 1940, and the title read 'BEF forces and allies pushed back into Dunkirk and Further out of Calais' and by appearances alone, it wasn't looking good. Food rationing had gotten slightly worse and although Churchill was a good spirit, it looks like this war wasn't happening the way they wanted. Peter decided to confront his father about it. 'what's all this about dad? Dunkirk and all that?' his father looked even older at the mention of it. 'You two best be lucky you were young and to be fishermen at the start of this war so I didn't have to send you off' the silent recognition of James was obvious as he frowned. A sigh. 'It appears we might have to eventually evacuate' George was the first to gasp and half yell 'evacuate!' swatting his arm Peter replied 'and how are we going to do that? They're all the way across the channel, and we don't know the full outcome yet. They could pull through. Right dad?' his reply was gaunt and fairly short. 'I wouldn't bet on it son'. (AN- UPDATED , finally! :'D we can continue with the rest now! any reviews/feedback are lovely! Xx)[Chapter 2] May 1940~ In all his twenty years of living, he had never felt such terror and defeat. The German's push of mobile operations has left the allies defeated. They've grabbed France, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands without even trying and the BEF and the French have been pushed into a cold and dangerous corner. They've pushed their armoured vehicles through the Ardennes and Somme Valley which we were told were impenetrable. The allies coming through Belgium had been mercilessly cut off. Now we've been pushed back to the sea. They had no chance against those bastards. Tommy was pretty sure they were just sitting ducks. He was walking with what was left of his squadron moving through barren streets which had been left war torn. he approached what would've been a source of water, a small hose pipe, and tried twisting the handle. a dribble of water came through but it was enough for him to clear most of his parched throat. The rest of his small group, of which he had no time to remember the names of, looked just as tired and defeated. They were patrolling for any sign of those Germans, weaving their way through small lanes and dusty streets. The Germans were dropping paper overhead, propaganda by the looks of it. grabbing a few and putting one in his pocket he looked one over. 'YOU are HERE' was broadly printed with an arrow towards the word 'Dunkirk' on a map of France. The rest was just paragraphs about surrender. As if. They hadn't been told much other than to get to the beach. His lack of French made this whole thing a little harder than it should be. It was a dire state of affairs and the silence was just as deafening. His leather boots made too much noise for his liking and he tried to tone it down. The one at the front became startled at something and with a quick hand movement signalling to move back, he understood what was happening. They were here. ducking into the abandoned building nearest to him he sat curled up in a ball with panicked breaths, completely forgetting the trusty rifle laid by his side. God he just wanted to go home. He knew it wasn't fair to assume the Germans under Nazi control weren't like them. Weren't trying to survive like them. But it helped to think they were safer and wanted them dead (most likely), anything to make him feel less guilty. It still ripped through him like waves. Fear always over took guilt though and this time was no different. Nothing seemed to happen as they waited, maybe the idiot in the front was messing with them or just saw a rat or something. Anything but them. Stilling his breathing was a hard chore and he listened. And listened. He only managed to hear the soft padding of feet moving. And it definitely wasn't one of his group. He twisted himself to look through the smashed window beside him and could see one of his group whimpering across in the opposite building. That was anything but good. He made shushing motions at him but it only made things worse. If anything he needed some help. the whimpering man held up his hand and it was covered in dark, thick blood. The sight made his stomach churn but it looked like he'd cut his hand up on broken glass or something in the panic to be silent and hidden. And it probably won't be a nice wound. he had two choices, either stay where he was and hope they don't hear or move to help and get him to shut up. God damn his morals. With his best intake of breath, he grabbed his rifle and twisted his body into a push-up position and launched himself across the dusty street. Sliding into the whimpering man as they both flinched and the dust and dirt settled. But nothing happened. Tommy opened his eyes to see the man had calmed down some. Grabbing the closest thing on him to a cloth, some rags from his inner jacket, he covered the wound and tightened it. Earning a small whimper. Tying a knot and giving him a firm pat on the shoulder he turned himself over to look at the street. He noticed the other three still hiding and silently praying, and the Germans further up throwing things around and smashing doors. it wouldn't be long till they made it to them. Tommy only then realised he was sat in the man's lap and lurched forward whispering a few 'sorry's and blushing slightly. The man didn't seem to mind and gave him a small smile. only then did they suddenly hear shouts from up the street, they were on their way. 'we gotta go' he whispered as small as possible. 'But the other three' he voice was calloused and unused. 'Well, either run with me mate or stay here. But they'll kill you'. He made short signals to the others and got into position. Throwing a half smashed bottle forward down an alley as a distraction, he made a run for it. The other four seemed to follow as they scrambled to their feet and soon they were very awake and were running. The Germans caught on and began shouting, probably getting their rifles ready. One turn after another the men around him were being shot down, including the one he helped. He didn't have time to remorse, seeing a fence up ahead he had a feeling he could make it. hoisting his rifle into a good throwing position he lobbed it over the fence. He followed soon after. reaching the top he threw himself over with little grace. Landing on the ground he reached for his rifle and tried to load it for firing. The bolt carrier was stuck leaving him trying to lurch it forwards. the Germans had begun shooting the faintly painted blue fence from left to right with each shot making him cringe. Come on. Finally managing to get the damn thing loaded he swivelled round and fired blankly. Luckily it seemed to give him a moment to turn and run around the corner. Unfortunately, he was met with a barricade of sandbags and rifles on an open fire. 'I'm English! E-English!' it was pathetic and his voice was dry enough to crack but if it got them to realise he wasn't the enemy then fine. the man at the front gave him the signal to move forward. Running across he pushed in. Alright then. he passed through the dirty looks and made it in and out of the streets and onto the top of the beaches. If he was, to be honest, he'd say it just looked even bleaker. The dark sky and dull ocean paired with all the men and wounded out in a formation and stood creepily still were a scary sight. Not to mention the lack of ships at the long stretch of rocks and wood called the Mole. Tommy made his way down the dull slope littered with dry grass and small rocks and into the slanted beaches. how were they supposed to leave here? the place was too shallow for a destroyer or warship. He walked down slowly and his mind was buzzing. The ringing in his head hadn't ceased and every sound made him jump. He just wanted to be home. Home. Home. But going back there now? He'd be disgusted by himself. How could they dare look them in the eye and feel even a bit satisfied with themselves? Crawling out of hell and expecting a warm welcome? Jog on. Continuing he turned round the corner to take a quick piss and on his way out spotted a man, probably older and with a bigger frame, burying a man who was probably his friend. Making his way over he helped shuffle some sand to help bury him. He made eye contact with the guy and got a very suspicious look in return. He could only smile slightly and try to help to bury him. He assumed he was French and didn't really know how to communicate with him. He tried miming a dog tag, making him appear pretty stupid looking. The other man seemed to get it and held out his tag. Gibson L. was written along covered in dirt. He held out his for the man to look at. He glanced over the 'Benson T.' before trying to pronounce it. The syllables were gruff and incoherent making him giggle slightly. However, he noticed another flash of silver from his inner pocket and made a grab for it. Pulling out another Tag but with 'Belshaw. R' written across covered slightly in tar. The man grabbed it and pushed it back into his jacket. Giving him a weird look he turned to make signals towards the beach. The man, Gibson, heaved himself up and made his way down to the beaches. Tommy had no choice other than to quickly follow behind. He hoped that this Gibson wasn't too bad. (A/N - hey another chapter :P - again point anything out that I got wrong, and if you got the real subtle poem references I will love you forever! Review if you could! I would love to improve! :DDD)[Chapter 3] Reaching the front of the cold beach wasn't hard and following Gibson's path seemed to be the best thing to do. They lazily walked down to meet up with one of the large groups of men away from the Mole. Speaking of such, the mole was large stretched out pier of white planks which seemed to be fit for purpose. The only place it seems a destroyer or bigger could dock. Though any had yet to show up. As they walked Tommy noticed the wounded had been stretched out behind them and some were being tended to, the plan was probably to evacuate them first and then the healthy ones could follow. Meeting up with the nearest group he stood close to Roussel and tried to make himself appear smaller. They brushed up against each other but the contact was rather pleasant due to the lack of it of their time spent here. Suddenly a small commotion began at the front and it appeared to be a happy one, If the cheering was anything to go by. Gibson mimed a boat on some waves and since Gibson was taller it made sense he could see what the cries were all about, still, it was a relief. A boat had made it. They'd be home soon. Some men retreated from the groups and began grabbing the wounded on stretchers to take them to the mole where the Ship could be seen docking. It seemed they'd have to stay put until all the wounded were taken care of. After a few hours of waiting, most of the wounded were boarded but there was still a few to go. Though some had passed away. It was only when most of the men stilled that the telling noise of humming and a shrieking siren could be heard from above. Looking up with a hope it was quickly evident that the noise wasn't coming from in front of them like they hoped but from the side. Bombers. German Bombers. Stukas. 'Oh shi-' before he could say anything else Gibson pulled him to the ground and much like them, everyone scrambled to get down in time kicking up grey sand as they went. The sound became Harrowing and above them swooped in the bombers starting their loads. Shaking the ground and causing dust storms as they went it was only time before they came to their part of the beach. Luckily the bombers were slightly slow in dropping bombs and so there was a little gap where you had a chance of living, unluckily Tommy couldn't tell if they were in one. Time slowed and the only sound was the ticking of his pocket watch and his own heart thumping. Dust fell over them and debris started to rain down. Screams were muffled behind his ears and he couldn't tell if he was shaking or if it was the ground. Probably both. After about fifteen minutes, that felt like hours, he felt Roussel move. At least he was alive. Opening his eyes he looked around and noticed the planes had left, leaving a living nightmare in their wake. bodies were strewn left and right and he was sure he could see limbs among the sand, gagging slightly, he turned to see the mole. Luckily their way out had survived but the land hadn't fared as well. The beach was littered and the gouges along the beach left behind would make it troublesome to move around as quick. There were men in the panic with shouts of 'Where's the bloody air force?!' and 'We're gonna die down here! Bastards!' sending shivers up his spine. The ringing in his ears had worsened and everything was blurry. He turned to look at Gibson and nodded. Besides, the next wave wouldn't be far health shouldn't get in the way of escaping. Gibson turned and began advancing towards some of the stretchers left behind. But what he saw made Tommy's blood run colder. Halting he took in the sight. Gibson's trench coat had been torn open from the shoulder to below his neck into his lower back. The under jacket and shirt ripped back and it was just red. Dark red. Pooling around a gruesome tear in his skin. Either he hadn't noticed, surprisingly, or didn't care but Tommy still had to prove his concerns. As he rushed to meet him, shaking his arms around and motioning to his back, Gibson turned his head and placed a hand on his back removing it to only see red. A small sound of recognition was his simple reply 'well take it off eejit! let me grab something to patch it with, God there's no medical care. what are we gonna-' he didn't know why he was speaking, Gibson couldn't understand him. He gestured to his pants and shirt and made a plus symbol with his red stained fingers. The message probably to get something to cover the wound and stop the bleeding. He scurried around and found a shirt and some trousers which he ripped in two halves and jogged back over. When he returned Gibson had removed his layer and was slipping off his shirt to make the wound accessible. Cringing and trying not to throw up what little he had left in his stomach he helped the other man wrap and pressurise the wound. After he found some new clothes to interchange with his current ones, Tommy didn't want to think about how they were getting these clothes and pulled himself off the floor. Hissing and shifting his back slightly, Gibson gave him a short smile before walking to grab a wounded man on a stretcher. Motioning for him to get in front. The man was barely breathing and suffering from chest wounds. They hoisted him up with Tommy at the front, Gibson at the back, and began moving quickly. It wasn't till they heard the familiar hum that they started, for lack of better words, legging it. Scrambling through the scattered soldiers and then dead they started making their way to the mole. As much as he wanted to keep the man alive Roussel seemed to have other ideas as he forcibly began pushing forward to get there faster. The Stukas were quick in returning and began their second bombing. This time, however, pushing the way they had left. Making their way towards them. The mole was packed full of soldiers and only admitting Englishmen and the wounded. The bombs were getting closer. Tommy had never felt such an instinct to run, pushing past the generals and the men they began the trip along the mole filled with men. The planes had reached them at this point and began bombing the bottom of the mole, His heart was thundering in his ears and the sounds of everything else were quiet in comparison. As the planes flew over everyone ducked down, the destruction of parts of the Mole followed. They were up again and pushing through. They came up to a single plank singed with burn marks and the harsh rocks beneath. He hesitated when two of the men gave him encouraging looks and one hollered 'You can make this one mate!'. Without a second glance, he briskly walked across the plank to the other side, feeling the way it sunk with the combined weight of the three. It was over in a few seconds as they both ran across and were strangely applauded. The planes had momentarily ceased as they ran up to the Destroyer that had docked. Everyone was frantic but the two carried the man on regardless. The relief was short lived as the captain yelled for 'you two!' to get off the ship as it was leaving. Gibson went in front and began moving forward. Tommy did a double take of the ship before swivelling around to get off but couldn't see Gibson. His panic was quickly eased away as he heard him 'psst'ing him down from below the Mole. He started clambering down to meet him and staying out of sight. Are all French people such minxes? Probably. They sat and waited for the ship to start leaving before they could climb in through the side portholes. As soon as the boat had begun moving after being cut loose the quiet humming had returned and was presumably coming back for round three. Oh, golly. They held onto the large rafters underneath and waited. The boat hissed as it was hit and the screams echoed. Squeezing his eyes shut he waited. Roussel hissed at him and he opened his eyes to see the side of the boat shifting horribly into the mole. Oh God, it was going to crush them. Painfully at that. Men had already begun jumping ship or grabbing onto the mole. Roussel dragged his arm back as he made his way further under the mole and he followed. But as he looked back he saw one of the men, probably Gibson's age, drowning beneath the cold, dark and terrifying waters underneath the beams. To hell with it. Shrugging Gibson's hand off he went over and shouted at the man while reaching out to him. He seemed to notice and grabbed his hand, as he started pulling he realised he wasn't exactly strong and felt Gibson's arms around his waist to anchor him back. Pulling the man into safety they all took a deep breath. The boat in front of them screeched as it sunk crushing and drowning it's men as it went. Tommy sub consciously buried his face with his eyes screwed shut into the man's chest to avoid looking at the gruesome scene. Gibson seemed to cough and he pulled back startled and with a red face. God damn it. The man seemed to smile and shifted back. He was about to ask if he was alright or what his name was before they were rocked to the right and downwards. They grabbed the concaving beams in panic for support when they realised something with utter dread in their eyes. The mole was sinking. (AN - woohoo another chappie, I wonder who this mysterious man is ;) - anyway, review if you would kindly! :DD - I appreciate it all )[Chapter 4] The Mole as he found, wasn't actually sinking. Well not entirely. The front half's side was being taken down with the destroyer and in the chaos, Gibson had managed to haul him off the man and to his side. He motioned towards the water and smiled. Looks like they had to jump. Simple enough. Shifting their combined weight they moved across the beams to the other side of the Mole to get to the the screams of the dying men behind them. Only then had they realized they were not as wet as the others and definitely did not look like they came from the wreck. Roussel seemed to think the same and dropped down into the safer waters and resurfaced, urging him to follow. once they were wet and ashore they moved away from the ship that was quickly becoming a wreck. The man Tommy had saved had followed them and seemed to want to stick with them, fair enough. any other survivors had also moved away and swum to shore, the bombers had left and things seemed to settle. The captains had hollered the men away from the Mole, hoping the Germans wouldn't bomb where there were no soldiers. Though that was unlikely, The mole was their way out after all. They moved down the beach to a safer area to sit and wait, there wouldn't be another ship for awhile now. He thought now would be a good time to question this mysterious man. 'So uh, what's your name?' it was an awkward way to start but it was something. 'Alex, Alex Chapel' the reply was carried with a smirk. God, he's just as bad as Gibson. Speaking of Gibson, he peered over to his left to see him hunched slightly and looking forward. a slight frown on his lips. He was sulking. Like a kicked puppy. 'Thanks for the 'ave mate! 'ought I was a gone' ya know?' this man's, Alex, outburst startled him slightly and he looked back in his direction. 'it's - it's nothing. Pardon me, my name's Thomas Benson, this is uh-' looking in Gibson's direction 'Gib-' a shove in the back making him arch forward slightly 'my friend' he ended curtly. It seemed he'd been sharing his name more lately, which was bizarre since that wasn't something you did...in war. Alex seemed unfazed and joined Gibson in the act of looking out towards the sea. This gave him an opportunity to take in their new companion. His hair was a deep brown unlike their raven locks and probably lighter since it was wet, a decent jaw in comparison to Tommy's own sharp one, a build much like Gibson's and a similar height along with green eyes which were different to his oceanic blue. his skin was also a dark tan like Gibson's but maybe lighter and unlike Tommy's own freckles, he seemed to have quite empty skin aside from the odd small scar. He seemed to notice him staring and turned to look right at him causing his face to heat up and his head to dart in the other direction. Alex let out a small chuckle and continued facing forward. The young men were silent for awhile before Tommy heard Gibson hissing and moving with jolts in his back. He had completely forgotten his injury in the chaos of the ship incident. Gasping he blurted out 'God I forgot about your back! is it bleeding again? we can try re-bandaging it or-' he got a glare from him even though he couldn't understand and a questioning look from Alex. Oh dear. He shifted his weight to stand 'Stay here' is what he told them and walked to find some cleaner cloth and maybe some water. He didn't go too far out but managed to find a half full canteen of water, a miracle, and some fresh cloth from some shirts. He came back and sat down behind Gibson. Helping him take off the trench coat and other layers to reveal a bloodied make-shift bandage and some raw skin. Alex sucked on his teeth behind him murmuring how it looked 'prett' bad mate' but Tommy ignored him and his accent. Ordering Gibson to stay still he began unwrapping the cloth which had stuck to the wound. Hissing and blood ensued making him feel sick. He'd have to go through with it anyway. grabbing the water and getting Roussel to lay on his back, he tried to clean the wound with a damp cloth and the water. Alex sat patiently and let Tommy work. He re-did the bandage and tied it tight but not enough to stick too hard to the wound. Helping Gibson get dressed again and they went back to being silent. Alex begun with 'how did he-' cutting him off he replied 'he got it from earlier, Shrapnel wound I think. Don't. It is painful for him alright? don't tease him' he had no idea why he was being so defensive or even dare he say domestic and Gibson only glared harder at the admittance of weakness but it seemed to be enough for Alex as they went back to looking at the longing ocean. Time passed and soon it had become sundown, it wasn't like they kept track of time or the day of the week but still. 'We nee' to sleep some'here more secure' Alex was the first to speak up. 'We can't miss another ship' 'we won' someone can keep watch 'very couple hours or whateve' and we can get some sleep in a safer area'. He turned to Gibson to see if he was against it but he seemed to also stand up, followed by Alex. Sleep it was then. They moved towards inland and found a small cave that looked big enough for the three of them. Gibson went in first since he was injured, followed by Tommy and then Alex who decided to take watch first. Gibson settled down at the back resting his injured back just in front of the back of the cave. Tommy slipped in and settled in front of him with Alex sitting at the entrance. What he didn't expect was Roussel to be a cuddler when he 'slept' and half way through their 'settling in' he felt large arms wrap around his waist. Oh dear, he was being spooned. He didn't have the heart to shove him off since it's probably the first time he's tried to sleep peacefully in a while. Alex didn't seem to notice and he fell into a light silence with heated cheeks. it became obvious they couldn't sleep. Harrowing nightmares plagued his mind, every sound put him on edge and every movement made him flinch slightly. Perhaps they'd finally succumbed to that Shell shock he'd heard so many horrors about. At some point Alex 'woke him up' and he thought he'd need to take watch but he followed by saying 'It's dockin', wake your 'friend' up' and heading out the cave. A ship has arrived! he turned to gently wake Gibson up, aware of his injury. He shifted out of the other man's arms and untangled their legs, a blush forming on his face. Roussel seemed to grunt and turn slightly before waking up, oblivious to his sleeping habit. When all three were out they saw the sky which was an orange and purplish hue and the sun could be seen slowly creeping up. The boat looked a similar size to the destroyer and docked at what was left of the mole. They walked down towards the mole and so did some other soldiers and they proceeded to make their way down. Maybe this time they'd go home. (AN ok so I was GONNA stick with that schedule but then was like - never mind so here anyone who happens to be interested this far in :'DD review if you would like, Pm me idk! thank you for sticking with me:'DD)[Chapter 5] His dad was right. Churchill had ordered the ultimatum. The 300,000 odd men at Dunkirk needed to be evacuated. They had sent Destroyers out but they hadn't returned, most likely sunken to the depths. It was noted that the beaches were too shallow for the warships and they needed smaller ships to go in. Peter didn't know for definite but it seemed they'd be heading Moonstone out across the channel along with the other boats docked. The man who owned Sundowner, what was his name? He couldn't remember, had already set up and ordered in life jackets to bring to the men. The country sat with bated breath, this shouldn't take too long. Those men didn't have the time. It was a fair bit into May and the air was still holding onto it's January chill. He and George had woken up to a scrawled note from his father to meet him at the docks. Pulling on their warmest clothes, a burgundy jumper and under shirt for Peter and a patterned woollen vest and a shirt for George. along with trousers and simple boots and they were on their way. They left Jasper with Mrs Hamilton, an old widow who used to run the orphanage with a lovely smile. She said she'd take great care of him. Walking down to the docks wouldn't take too long since Ramsgate was close to their home in Broadstairs. He hadn't let George see the note left by his dad but it had undertones that George was not old enough or well adapted to sailing to come along. If he was honest Peter was worried for his safety if he did come. he wasn't naive enough to think the war wasn't horrifying or extremely dangerous, however, he had a feeling George was a little more naive than a usual person. When they reached the docks they noticed the unusual presence of most of the boats and the navy, as well as a long line of life jackets being unpacked from trucks. It didn't take long to spot their smaller boat, Moonstone, painted white and deep maroon. His dad appeared to be setting up for the trip. Making their way across he jumped on to help set up. Pulling the rig to get it into place and checking the room downstairs he heard muffled voices of both George and his father. Helping move the life jackets below deck, he noticed that George wasn't boarding. ' won't let me on, Pete. Tell him' he hesitated as he turned to his father and saw his concerned look. 'I-I don't think it's such a good idea Geo-' 'not you too! come on, I'll be useful!'. His voice was taught and it made Peter's heart clench. 'Maybe, here go grab the tea supplies, and some bread and butter' sending George off would make this a little easier. He made eye contact with his dad and their eyes spoke volumes to each other. It just wasn't safe enough. When George had returned and everything was set up his dad told him to man the Tiller to direct the boat out the docks. As they set sail he saw George jump aboard. 'George! What are you doing?!' He ignored him and turned to his dad, 'I promise, I'll be useful Sir'. His persistence seemed to be enough to make his dad cave and he turned back to the wheel. 'Dad, you can't be serious?' 'Peter' was the short and stern reply. That seemed to settle it as they turned out with a few of the other boats to make their way across the Strait of Dover. They could probably pack 40-50 men onto Moonstone before she'd couldn't take anymore, It'd have to be first come first serve. The wind was light meaning it would take a little longer than usual and the water seemed to be relatively still, meaning they wouldn't have to fight the current as much this time. They were following a Destroyer who would pick up most of the men for this trip round and they would help ferry them back across, picking men up at the shallow beaches or maybe a sinking vessel. There was the looming threat of U-Boats or Bombers but they seemed to be safe for now. Half a day passed before they heard a small hum. Startling George and getting his father to turn his head. It seemed that this time they wouldn't have to worry as three Spitfires roared overhead, gaining cheers from the other ships and their own. Looks like back up finally came. it wasn't until further up the Strait did they turn towards Dunkirk and noticed smaller wrecks dotted along. making it clear the U-boats had got to them before the RAF could. Looking out towards one of the wrecks George seemed to perk up. 'There! do you see him! we need to turn and go get him!' and to their surprise there seemed to be a survivour hauled on top of the sunken hull. It seemed the Ship had been hit from the back making it sink backward, leaving the top above water. Lucky. They shifted the boat and made their way towards the man. He was hunched over and probably shaking but still noticed them approaching. Peter went to grab the rope which had been stored for this kind of thing. Hollering towards the man he threw the rope over. It didn't reach far enough so reeling it back in, he tried again. Eventually, the man got the rope and swam through to meet them. Hauling him over the side and onto the deck he was shivering. But it was May, the waters shouldn't be that cold. He asked George for a blanket and after drying him off and giving him the blanket, the man didn't move. He didn't speak and only continued to shake on the floor. After telling him their names, George tried to give him some tea. He moved as if he had been burned and slapped the tea away and shouted, causing it to fall onto the deck. 'The boy has shell shock. Leave him be'. Shell Shock? wasn't that a myth? George seemed curious too and asked 'What's Shell Shock?' his father turned around and replied ' It's a state of mind, men have it coming back from the war. They don't see what we see. Different visions, that kind of thing. Comes along with the 'thousand yard stare', he'll be fine for a while in a bit. Let him rest you two'. Again he thought the stare was a myth but looking back at the man and seeing him looking at nothing particular, maybe it wasn't. If this is what happens to men at war, why do they start them in the first place? Hardly seemed fair. Then again Peter was never good at politics. A few hours passed before this man, who Peter guessed was about 25-27 spoke up. He stood and met his father at the wheel. The length from the Tiller to the Wheel was enough for Peter to eavesdrop. 'H-Hubert' 'Your name son? well alright then, call me John' they shook hands and Peter thought it was weird they were on a first name basis already. Hubert seemed to look forward before asking 'Where, where are we going?' 'To Dunkirk of course, we have men to rescue' This seemed to set this 'Hubert' off as he threw out ' No! you have to turn back!' there was a bit of scuffling before he moved back. 'You're not navy? what are you doing here!? you should be back there! at home!' he shouted while pointing towards the way they came and shouting exasperated 'I can't go back' 'I won't go back!'. His dad looked frustrated before closing the conversation off with ' This is war son, we need to protect our men and bring them home. Peter, bring Hubert into the bed area and bring him some tea. After doing so and having some small talk with this Hubert he closed the door. Debating locking it, if he had another outburst? he could do some damage, but if the boat began sinking? he'd be stuck. He walked back up without locking it. He spotted George on the side of the boat, looking out towards the vast ocean. He didn't seem bothered by the scenario they were heading into, not to mention the light made his skin shine and his hair tousled by the wind made him look cute- wait, what? not the time Pete, never the time. He sat down back next to the Tiller to help in guiding the boat once again, It wouldn't be long now. Wouldn't be long until they were in a war. (ok, so I promise this is getting somewhere! slow-ish burn , they will eventually meet up I swear:'D)[Chapter 6] The Mole as he found, was known as the East Mole and after the scurry from the hellish bombing earlier some of it was beneath the sea. The sunken walk down was mostly silent as they made their way up to the long stretch of fence and rock. He spotted a captain and a man who was probably a general, loading men onto the boat. They moved along the white stained wood as it creaked and shifted under their movements. It didn't look like she had much left in her. One more bombing like the others and there was little hope. They moved to get on the Destroyer as the Captain gave them a curt nod. Alex moved on first and then so did he. As they walked inside a middle aged lady handed them life jackets telling them that there were jam and toast on the tables. Food. He hadn't eaten In days and in fact, no one had. now he really wanted some jam and toast. They were pushed in further and he stayed close to Alex, A familiar face was better than standing with complete strangers. Moving towards the table they picked up some slices of toast and silently ate. There was a happy buzz around him with young men talking giddily and making hand gestures. He was almost certain that they were all stories from back home. around ten to fifteen minutes passed when Alex spoke up 'Oi. Where's your friend goin'?' he pointed to the door and Tommy turned and noticed Gibson move out of the hatch door as they closed it. From the outside. 'A way out, If we sink'. However out there it would be cold, he might not have a life jacket and wouldn't have jam and toast. It made him worry. Not to mention his still barely healing back. He turned back to Alex as he also began telling stories of his home. He never knew his father but loved his mother and little sister dearly. Much like Tommy but he had been motherless since birth and had an older sister, Lily, who he also missed dearly. He and his father never really got along much anyway. They were docked there for a few hours, having tea and chatting like one large family. Each other talking about girls back home, He grimaced at the thought, or mums and dads, rough housing and spilling jam on the floor, Cheering as some men made an arm wrestling bench to match each other on. He hadn't seen Roussel since the door incident and Alex had kept him quite occupied. They, well Tommy had moved quite close to the door and Alex had followed. Something didn't feel right. At least, he thought Roussel must be out in the cold for a reason. They left the Mole and another hour or so passed when there were a large hiss and a deafening thud. The ship shifted and everyone tried to brace. People started screaming as the floor became wet. They were felt a nervous feeling coil in the pit of his stomach and the blood rushed through his ears. He frantically reached for Alex's hand while looking around to see where the water was coming from. Alex seemed to be doing the same thing and they latched onto each other, he made the excuse in his mind it would give them better leverage and not because he was a scared baby of which he shouldn't be as that was un-tolerated. Some of the crew on top could be heard bellowing 'Torpedo!' and 'We've been hit sir!' but the door hadn't opened yet. Why wasn't it opening? The water was at their waists and since the ship was packed like sardines it meant it was easier for the water to rise. It was only when Alex shifted them towards the door and got him to hold onto the steps by the hatch and held him against the wall next to it with a loud 'I need ya to hold your breathe alright' Freckles?!' when he started to feel terrified. They were going to drown and rot here. Helpless. The door had yet to open, were they really just abandoning them here? The water had reached their heads and he was in full panic convulsing painfully and vision becoming black. Alex had him snug against the wall and steps while telling him to hold in as much air as possible. He couldn't do that for very long that was for sure. When the water had them all submerged he clenched his eyes shut. Darkness enveloped him but he could still feel Alex on him and he was holding his hand tightly. His head hurt as water filled his lung slowly and gushed past his ears making them ring again. It must have been about 12-17 seconds, he wasn't sure when he saw a light behind his eyes. He opened them to see the gaunt and gaping faces of death, floating still in the water. He forced himself to turn to see the hatch open! A hand plunged down and he grabbed it instantly. He was pulled out and shuddered as he gasped for air. Alex followed suit. He was met with Gibson's familiar eyes and smile. Thank God. They quickly jumped ship and prayed the life jackets would hold out for them. They swam backward as the Destroyer sunk beneath them, taking most of its men with it. They eventually swam back to shore, they were back to square one. Again. They were wet, exhausted, shaken and most of all defeated. They sat in the familiar spot from before but this time much more drained. Gibson was still as silent and Alex had also seemed to quiet down. They seemed to be glaring at each other if anything. The sun was setting and he was cold. And still wet. He turned to look back at the Mole, the captain and whoever he was still talking. Though they were probably just as tired they certainly were bad at getting ships out successfully. The ratio of sunken ships to ones that got out must have been like 3:1. It just wasn't going their way. The tide had gone in and left dirty sea foam behind, he sat and let it get stuck to his laid down and looked like he wanted to try and doze off, Alex appeared to be watching another group of men intently. 'Oi, I say we follow 'em' he pointed towards the group. 'What, why?' 'cause it looks like they're headin' for that beached ship,' he pointed to a slightly rusted fishing boat up the beaches 'it'll be out by the time the tide gets in. They probably have a sailor with 'em and those navy bastards aren't getting us anywhere. It might be our chance out, you can even bring your 'friend' He sneered at Gibson as he mentioned him. 'O-Ok then, we'll go'. They jogged up to the group and joined them, they didn't seem to mind, the more the merrier he guessed. They clambered into the slightly rusted fishing boat, it should be able to get them to the boats further out where they can join up with them. Gibson sat down, with a slight hiss and Tommy followed. Definitely not cuddling up to his side, since that's not what normal blokes do. He seemed to embrace the warmth though and put his hand on the small of his back. Alex sat in the front area displaying clear dominance and leadership. The other men seemed to be empty in heart and mind, not really doing anything in particular. That's what the war had done to most of them, stripped them of everything they had around them apart from the few things. He was realizing he still held a bit of naivety and that those things he should hold onto probably came in the form of Gibson and Alex. Funny how such situations could that only you and a few others had experienced could bond you so fast. The night went on and a few of them tried to sleep and it eventually became morning. But the tide hadn't pushed them out, surely it would at this time. Everyone seemed to be of the same mind and a few started questioning it. It must have been an hour before they heard telling footsteps on deck. Oh no. Had the Germans begun pushing onto the beaches already? The footsteps continued and Alex got the men and hustled them into position. Tommy and Gibson stayed in the corner. Though he seemed to shift so he was more in front then next to him. The men beneath the hatch waited with their rifles, one of the few that hadn't been water logged and destroyed. It all seemed to happen so fast, The footsteps came to the hatch and as they opened it the men pulled the offender down and hustled him to the ground with their rifles pointed at him. There was a scramble and Tommy got a glance at the man, a fishing cap? Wait a minute. 'Oi! He could be English eejits! A fisherman!' his outburst got him some attention and they slowed to look at the man. He was middle aged, Ginger with a beard and wore your bog standard fisherman's outfit. A light to his eyes most of them had already lost. He scrambled reassuring them that he was indeed English and had brought his boat but it ran aground. his boat? 'C-civilian ships, we've come to bring you home, and I'm, Uh, Dutch' he thought he was about to cry when Alex stepped in and removed the men off of him. Pulling him to his feet. He heckled him about the tide, he replied with saying it'll take longer and explained why Tommy didn't really understand so he left it. He said something like it was better to wait then leave or try and push the boat out to sea, it wasn't safe. They waited awhile and slept some more before the one thing they all wanted to avoid happened. The clink of metal upon metal resounded amongst the ship and they all turned to see a familiar harrowing sight. A bullet hole piercing through the side straight to the other. Miraculously avoiding hitting any of them. The rest was history as the whole group descended into Panic. Utter Panic. (AN - woo another chappie, I might post another one, like a double update, might not review if you would like - I appreciate any advice!)[Chapter 7] Everyone scrambled to the side, as more holes began appearing at the side. This really wasn't looking good. Alex hushed everyone and they stilled up against the front and back rusted walls. There was about pierced five holes each side, they could cover them up? right? They could hear the ground thundering outside, they were here again. A few of the men were asking why they were being shot at, Alex only hissed out ' I don' know, targe' practice?!' his accent thicker this time. The boat shifted slightly and the fishermen blurted out that the tide must be coming in. The firing seemed to halt and so did the tremors when they decided some one had to go out and check. It was certain Alex wasn't going and neither was the fisherman. Tommy pulled Gibson up with him and they all stood huddled. After a few barks the men started becoming threatened and scared by Gibson and his lack of speaking but he couldn't speak English. But they didn't know that. If they found out there's no chance he could help Gibson in getting back home(since when did he want to get him home). The two of them were shifted to the ladder with rifles pointed at them. This really wasn't looking good. The ladder was sharp against his back and the rifles glistened ironically at him. Alex pulled some men out of the way before he eyed Roussel up suspiciously. Uh oh. ' An' what about you mate? got any reasons as to why you ain't speakin'?' He went for Gibson's chest and Tommy's heart caught in his throat. Alex grabbed his dog tag and stared at it. 'Gibson aye? that's a rather...interesting name there mate, you sure you're English? Gibson' the name was spat with venom as the men backed him up. Time to step in. 'Alex back o-off, it's his friends, don't be so harsh' 'what? his friends? how are we to know that he ain't picked that off some dead man, clothes and all!' 'He wouldn't do something like that moron! that's not like him, look he's in the same boat, literally, and it isn't fair. Some one should volunteer or' the men seemed to push harder with their rifles and Tommy was sure they were gonna die. 'French.' it was gruff and the syllables are spoken with little experience, the first English he'd heard from him. 'You're kidding me, He's a god damn Frog Freckles?! how long have you known?!' Alex turned to glare at him. Shit. 'Look here, he just wants to get home as well it's not-' 'His home is back there in France eejit!' he thrust a thumb in the direction behind them. Back there. Back there was not home. It was hell. 'We aren't bringing a fucking Frog with us. He's going up' 'What no that's not - Alex!' It happened so quickly, one moment he was next to Roussel with a pointy ladder at his back and next he was tucked at Alex's side an arm tight around him and the men were ushering Gibson up the ladder. 'Wait! Alex this isn't fair! he doesn't -ow! I'll go!' Alex kept him grounded but he managed to get out and pulled Gibson back down and starting climbing as Gibson gave him a sad frown before he went up the hatch. Looking around bleakly he surveyed the area before climbing back down. 'Why did you- fuck - what did you see Freckles?' Everyone stared at him expecting a response, at least they weren't killing him. 'The Luftwaffe is around and the destroyer l-left, some men still on the beach' He ducked his head with his heart in his throat, they were not gonna like that at all. Alex seemed to grumble and then told everyone to, in his words, 'sit the fuck down, looks like we're waiting for this shit out mates' and everything still. Alex grabbed him again and kept him in a hold and didn't intend to let go anytime soon. Gibson was moved to the most dangerous place to sit where the boards were split and next to the hatch and he and Alex the safest at the front of the boat. He shared a sad smile with Gibson as their second stake out began. It was a few hours in before the tide came in enough to let them move, unfortunately, the Luftwaffe or foot soldiers, he was too tired to try and decipher it, came back for another trip. They heard the humming and Alex ordered one of the men to put his hand over the holes, see if it was safe. The man, scrawny much like him, peered through a hole as he was told. In maybe one second his mouth was shot off. He scrambled back and wailed, Tommy yelped and hid in Alex's chest like the disgrace he was, only peeping. His jaw was hanging off slack raw flesh hanging his jaw together, pink stained red, the blood gushing from his face, one eye rolled back from shock and teeth scattered on the floor. Two men went forward and covered his face to stop him screaming, he couldn't keep looking. He was sure he was going to be sick. He returned to hiding in Alex's chest, appearances be damned. More shots followed and it was obvious they needed to move. Everyone hoisted themselves up and moved their weight as the fisherman told them to. Left to right, right to left. The boat wailed and shifted before gathering enough momentum to begin moving out towards the sea. Finally. But the bullet holes increased and everyone went to cover them with their hands, back, legs, anything. The boat started moving and the shooting stopped. Luckily. They began sailing when they realized they were not good enough to hold the water out, it became clear that they were going to sink. Again. With a harrowing sigh, he moved to open the hatch, Alex following behind him. Soon they were out on the deck and some of the men followed. It took him some time to notice Gibson hadn't followed them out as the below deck rushed with water. He was bloody stuck inside! 'Shit, Alex help me' 'With what-' 'Getting Gibson! move!' 'wait for the Frog!? that's not-' 'A-Alex please, just t-this once for the love of your ego' His voice cracked and his eyes watered. He will not cry. He will not cry here. 'Alright you stay here and grab my leg, I'll get the Frog' wait what? He followed orders anyway and grabbed Alex by the leg and braced himself against the hatch door. Gibson must have been close enough as Alex managed to pull him out with sheer force, God he could be scary sometimes, and the three were out and breathing. They jumped ship, which seemed to be a routine by now, and swam to the close shore. He hated this damn shore more than anything at this point. Gibson looked exhausted but managed to thank Alex with brittle English. Alex replied with a grumpy 'only time I save a fuckin' frog'. It turns out his boot was stuck in the boards and was now missing. Though he picked one off the shore anyway, also looked like the bodies had come back in, the main way to tell the tide had even moved. Once again they were back to square one, but without a Mole to dock at. It seemed everyone was of the same mind though and once the tide went out they moved all the trucks and cars into long lines and ports, an attempt to dock easier. It seemed to work and they were grounded with rope and ties. There was still some of the Mole left but not a lot. So instead of two or three ships docking it could probably only take one. The Luftwaffe would need a break soon, they couldn't keep this barrage up. Hopefully anyway. He spotted the captain and another man from all the other times and decided he wanted a word with the God damn man. He rose to his feet and began stalking over, Alex and Roussel quick to follow trying to beckon him to slow down and explain what he was doing. He had Tunnel vision as he moved closer to the mole. The sand was much murkier and stained than when he arrived and he felt weak in the knees as he dodged all the dead men. By the time he was the Mole he was furious and about to have an emotional breakdown, not manly at all Thomas. He turned around and began to stalk up the remainder of the white fenced walkway, fuming when he halted. The captain noticed him and he panicked and he flailed his arms about frantically with teary eyes. This was not getting him anywhere he screamed, in his head, 'we'll be waiting here till we God damn die at this rate eejits!'. Looking at the man one last time through his tears, (when had he started crying?) he swiveled and pushed past Alex and Gibson, away from the God forsaken Mole and its occupants. He'd had enough. He heard Gibson shout and chase for him and Alex whispering 'Jesus Freckles' before he broke out into a run. They probably think he's a complete fool now. He sunk down into their little cave from before, let the seaweed crawl at him. Curling up into a ball with his dirty and soggy trench coat surrounding him as he sat and cried. Tired of everything. ( just because it's update day doesn't mean it just has to be one ;)))) expect maybe some more today idk :P )[Chapter 8] He stayed like that for awhile, crying away. It was such a baby thing to do, something his father or sister used to nag at him for. Whether it be he fell over and scraped his knee, dropped the juice jug, got pushed over or called names he always cried. Which always made things worse though this time he felt it was warranted that he could cry. He heard footsteps coming into the cave and someone sitting down next to him making him cringe into himself. Someone to laugh at him was the last thing he needed. He sniffled as a voice spoke up, 'Gibson was too chicken to come in so he's outside, stupid frog thinks you're scary when you're crying Freckles' he flinched and turned to peer through his soggy bangs at Alex who turned and gave him one of those stupid grins of his. He had all the urge to tell him to go away or to leave him alone but it was more dangerous out there. 'H-he can come in. It's dangerous out...there' what he didn't expect was the wholehearted laugh from Alex as he shouted Gibson in. He looked like a stupid, scared mess while Gibson walked in looking all handsome, not his words he swears, despite being the most injured of the three. His face heated and he ducked into his little ball again. 'Look you Frog! you've scared 'im again!' Alex exclaimed as Gibson moved to sit in front of him. He gently touched his arms and slowly pushed them to his sides while smiling. Then saying things he couldn't grasp in French causing him to smile slightly, he didn't really know why, and Alex to gawk out 'Gods he's speaking French again! Eejits the both of you!' and laughing as he left the cave to stand outside. Gibson continued to what he thought was encouraging him in the dark and sea coated cave before he uncurled and was laughing away with him. Wiping his eyes Gibson held his hand out the cave, meeting a happy Alex. 'Ready? the ship is docked 'nd the tide is just right, this time I'm sure we'll get out. The freakin' frog can come too since he makes you happy or somethin' and to his surprise, he saw some ships docked at the make shift 'Automobile moles' as he called them. The tide did indeed look right and the sun was high in the sky. He stood with his eyes closed and let the sunshine hit his face for a few minutes before spontaneously giggling with the other two laughing along with him. Maybe it wouldn't be so bad this time around. They briskly made their way up and boarded, to the same Jam and toast that made him happy and life jackets. Once the Destroyer was fully packed they immediately set off for home. Everyone looked gaunt and exhausted and it made Tommy nervous and so he stood close to Gibson and Alex, nestled between the two. This time there was much less chatter, no stories of home and family or games or smashed jam jars, they just stood. Waiting. They went up to the deck since Gibson seemed nervous and they might have a round two with getting stuck inside and once they were out it was beautiful. The large open sea a glorious turquoise that shimmered with the light of the sun. There were other boats also taking the men home and smaller ships appearing too! they were tiny little fishing boats with men and women manning them, As they passed the men gave huge rounds of applause uplifting the atmosphere some more. If you looked closely, which Tommy did by practically hanging over the railing, you could see shoals of fishes flashing silver and the occasional orange float, a striking contrast to the blue depths. Gibson had to pull him up before he fell over board, chuckling at his curiosity. It was a few hours and they were nearing the other 'little ships', is what he heard people call them, that were waiting to pick any people who fell in or if a ship sunk when it all slipped into chaos. There was that tale telling hum he'd heard like a broken record before he was clutching Gibson like a large, over sized stuffed animal with him hushing him with more soft French and rubbing his shoulder. Stukas swooped in from behind them and they were sure this was it. Their boat would sink again and this time they couldn't get back to shore, they were too far out. Everyone waited with bated breath and some people braced themselves when they suddenly heard the welcoming roar of home. everyone whipped their heads around and they saw three Spitfires rumble over head gaining such an applause and cheer from the boat. They flew over already diving out of formation into a way they could dog fight the Stukas off. Their tendrils of smoke like silver shining in the sky. They might just make this one. It was a tense scene as one took on the other. Swerving around trying to avoid the boats with men and women amongst them. They managed to get one plane down and then another, there was only about 3 left. One of the Spitfires went down and crashed the into the water and combusting as it skidded along making him flinch. Grim. Some of the ships nearby were trying to move waters but were shot down, yet they had to be the biggest target here though. Another Spitfire went down and it was two against one. The last Spitfire reared a Stuka off to fight him away from the boats but that left the other one to do as it pleased. It roared over shooting down the boat and below it. Shit. It seemed to miss but the off shots sent a bullet skimming his shoulder and into the limbs and hearts of other men. Gibson let go slightly startled by his quiet howl of pain. His knees went weak as he fell to the boat deck, hand on his shoulder. Smeared dark maroon in pain. Alex was on full alert and so was Roussel as he started shaking and getting teary eyed. The pain was like tremors through his skin, rushing him with adrenaline. Alex bolted and he didn't know why as Gibson moved down to remove his clothing. Everything around the tips of his eyes was nothingness and anything through his ears was just noise. He turned his head frantically, the pain making him hunch over further. Must Alex have returned and set a first aid kit? yeah, first aid kit by Gibson's side as he ripped it open to get the equipment within. He realized he was such a big baby in comparison to others like Gibson when the wound wasn't even as big, a small tear from the bullet, on his shoulder's side. They patched it up and cleaned it while Alex handed him some water. Where he had gotten it in the chaos was beyond him. After quickly bandaging the wound they put his clothes back on and helped him shift up on to his feet. He tensed but the adrenaline seemed to make the pain transparent as he whispered a small 'I'm fine' before the plane roared over for round two shortly after. Again shooting but it seemed that it hit its target this time as the boat shifted weight as the gas hissed and the tanks burst. Oh shit. The sea waters beneath them began turning black and bubbling. Oil. Gibson hauled him to his side and hollered Alex over. They were jumping ship. Into Oil. They made a resounding sloshing sound as they entered the sea, water once again flooding his ears and some of his lungs. He wanted to spit it out but resisted the urge. He felt someone, Gibson? Grab him and they resurfaced to breathe. Once. Twice. Then they swam under. If they could reach the other boats they'd be safe. He kept his eyes straight but flinched as the water above and mostly behind them him turned orange. The boat's embers had finally lit the oil on top of them. It had gone up in flames. He turned his head as Gibson guided them to the nearest safe boat, as he saw burnt and charred bodies with sunken faces dropping to the depths below. His lungs were getting tighter as Gibson pulled him up, Alex following them into the arms of a dusty-blonde man who looked about his age. A dark look on his face. He pulled them on handing them life jackets and moving them onto the ship. He spluttered and held onto Gibson as Alex surveyed the boat. they were pushed to the side as more men got on. There was only a few left and as they grabbed them he heard the dusty- blonde shout 'The Oil! Dad move it!' as they hastily reversed away as it was engulfed in angry spitting flames. He knew the war was indeed hellish, and Dunkirk was God damn good proof of that, he was still shaking as everyone was wrapped in blankets and still covered in dirt and black oil. His ears felt like they had a permanent ring to them and his head and shoulder ached. Alex went down with some of the other men and he stayed up with Gibson in the fresh air. He didn't think he could take being below deck again for a while. There was no doubt they were all different from when they'd been flush faced and bright eyed when being deployed. Now everyone just looked so broken, shaking, shouting or just staring blankly into nothingness. Exhausted and hungry he turned his head and noticed a very welcoming sight. The White Cliffs of Dover Glistening ahead of them. What a wonderful welcome home. (AN - ok so today there's gonna be 4 updates ( next four) they were irritating me in my drafts so I've thrown 'em out here :'D, thanks for reading this far in! xx)[Chapter 9] This Hubert stayed in the bedding area and seemed to have calmed down. They were stalling the boat for a while, wanting to pick up any survivors as they went. The Spitfires had been a welcoming sight and they seemed to be just ahead of them. Along the way, He had made small talk with his dad, looked after the Tiller and watched over George. He had never seen War up close, they kept to themselves with their fishing, providing food. But it seemed that keeping that naivety wouldn't last very long. The ocean looked darker out here than back home, he didn't really want to know why. The wrecks had been half a bloody waking call, the way they'd been torn up or sunken made him shiver. Out here they were just tools, then again the men were probably just as much as tools as the ships they boarded and the rifles they carried. If Hubert was like the rest of the men then he didn't want to see these other men, boys his age and slightly older. He'd heard Hubert whispering about blood and ringing, how it was going to engulf them all. He heard him whisper names as he sobbed, most likely his dead comrades. He'd looked so shocked when they told him their names, was it such a surprise to get someone's name out here? Back home it was common place. He'd heard him go on a tangent about the beaches drenched in blood and gunfire, unforgiving and relentless. He must have been in the thick of it and gotten out first, watching everyone around him perish. The sky had opened up from dull and dreary clouds to some speckles of sunlight reaching out into beams, making the ocean light up. He knew the risks of having a boat under fire, The fuel was highly flammable and the oil was the best insulator and would happily sit on top of water since it wasn't as dense. You had men packed and a very slow vessel. Large targets in an open field if you asked Peter. He knew that he and George would eventually be enlisted if the war carried on, but for now, they were volunteering. He felt like years were passing as they slowly made their way, letting the conflict come to them in sense. Guess they were just bloody cowards like that. He had a feeling if the politicians put themselves in the soldiers position the whole damn thing would be called off before they were horrifically murdered something horrid. The whole thing looked silly, they were silly fools following orders from people who were, to be frank, not experienced enough in pain to care. They continued in silence for a while, just hoping they didn't die along the way. His dad had the steering under control and they were sailing at a moderate pace, the sun had come out, even more, making the boat shine brightly like some crystal in the middle of blue silk. He heard a commotion going on in the standing shelter and saw that Hubert was making shouts and barks. God damn it. He left the Tiller in position so they could keep going forward and walked in to see Dad, George and Hubert arguing over the wheel. 'We need to turn this bloody ship around! I cannot go back to that hell! you cannot go to that hell! You're civilians God damn it!' The curse continued until he decided to pull his dad off the wheel into the back of the shelter and tried to take control. It happened so rapidly, it was all fine then everything went wrong. Hubert grabbed the wheel to turn them around and Peter stepped forward to get him off since he was the only one here that could match him in strength. Unfortunately, George thought he could too and tackled Hubert. Whether the Shell Shock got him or he is truly a bastard Peter will never know, but he threw George into the wheel and down the stairs, a crack as he went. Fuck. Peter grabbed him and hauled him out on deck with a grunt and grabbed his dad and pulled him onto the wheel while he ran to get George. sweet, innocent George. He was about done with this jackass' shit and barked at him to sit down. He went down the stairs and saw George crumpled with a trail of dark maroon down the stairs. Oh no. He lurched forwards and picked him up, bringing him into the below deck in his arms. The blood was pooling around his arm and George's head and he lowered him down. Grabbing some towels he wrapped George's head up as much as possible. He hit one side of his head, cutting into the skull slightly. It didn't look deadly but if it continued. Peter feared the worst. With a twist in his gut he applied some bandages they brought with them and gave him a pillow out of towels. He tried to give him some tea but George was in and out of consciousness horribly. he laid him on some of the seats other men be damned and watched him. His breathing had slowed slightly but he was still looking alright. he had rolled his sleeves up to tend to him, his fore arms coloured red as he did so. He sat and took a deep breath. Why couldn't he have fallen? or Hubert? anyone but his closest and childhood friend how he admittedly had feelings he certainly shouldn't have feelings for. Those kinds of Feelings should be for a bird, a special lady. Certainly not George, but he couldn't help the unnatural pool of that special something in his gut. He turned to George and tried to talk to him, comfort is what he needed. 'Hey Georgie, you'll be fine, we'll get out of here and get home. be safe and-' 'N-no' What? George shifted and moved slightly, dim eyes peering at him 'I-I can't Pete' 'What do you mean? of course, you can! you're basically part of the Dawson family and never ever back-' 'I- I can't see...' Again, what? 'I'm blind Pete' His blood ran cold and he turned to look at him again. His eyes were dilating rapidly and the irises were dulled and he was squinting passed him. He really couldn't see. That was a fisherman's worst nightmare and now he had to let George go through it. Not by himself if he could help it. He swallowed the lump in his throat as he looked at the damage that had been done and laid a strong hand on George's softer one. 'well alright, don't worry we won't leave you or anything, you could regain it back. But you need to heal. You'll be fine but I need you to stay and be safe while we get the men, Ok? 'But-' He started lifting himself up to go help his dad when he felt George pull him down quickly and with a decent strength, he wasn't prepared for. He braced himself on the wall and bench not wanting to hurt George further. Realising he was inches from George's face, and plush lips which he definitely did not notice, he tried to back away. But George pulled him close and refused to move. He must have thought they weren't face to face and pulled himself up when their lips met. You have got to be kidding. He decided to let it happen anyway and slightly deepened the soft kiss before backing away with stars in his eyes. He laid George down gently and he was pulling back with a flushed face. There's no way George meant any of that anyway? You do that sort of thing with women, not other lads but he didn't have time to ask as George was lulled to sleep. Yet he still let the butterflies in his stomach run free as he made his way upstairs. His dad was there with a concerned look, 'It's bad Dad, real bad. can you try to keep it steady' ' Of course Pete' Hubert decided to re-emerge and Peter wanted to sock him in his stupid fucking jaw. 'Is - Is the, uh, Boy- young boy, Ok?' Great he's now a concerned fucking jackass. He once again swallowed the lump in his throat and replied 'Yeah' pausing 'Yeah. He'll be fine' He ushered the guy into the bedding and once again had the decision of locking the door. He pulled the small lock tight without hesitating and walked off. He couldn't risk that again, not with his dad. When he came back up his dad looked proud told him he did well not to hurt the lad's mind further. Well, he still wanted to sock him in the jaw as he returned to the Tiller. They had men to rescue and a wounded on board. They needed to be quick. The Spitfires, as Dad called them, had been dog fighting the other planes the whole time and were doing a damn good job of it. At least from Peter's perspective. However, one of the planes had crashed and combusted and it seems the other one had drifted down. With the possibility that he could be still alive, they turned to starboard to go see if they could rescue him. It was only a matter of time. (AN - I'm so sorry Georgie! ;-; , again no one dies (yet :) but it won't be without consequence, also the first kiss in there ;) )[Chapter 10] They sailed up to the wreck and Peter clambered along the plane wing. The thing was filling up with water and the pilot was trying to smash the window. He needed to get the damn thing pulled back. He hollered his dad to pass him his walking stick and jammed the damn thing into the sliding door, startling the man underneath. he pulled it back causing a crack to embellish itself along the old carved stick and the glass to splinter. A little more. using his weight he managed to haul the door back enough to help pull the man out. When both were out they launched themselves onto the side of the boat as the plane sunk to the deep depths. He helped pull the blonde man to the deck and gave him a life jacket much like with Hubert. Everyone took a deep breath and he turned towards the man. 'Name's Peter, that's my Dad' lurching his thumb behind him to signal his father 'my friend is injured downstairs so be careful and we have another' pausing again 'Soldier in the bedding, he's uh, not quite stable so also be careful with him mate' the man nodded along replying with 'call me Collins, thanks for that. By the way' he nodded and stood up, Collins following. Telling him they had tea he asked his dad where to next but it didn't seem he'd need an answer as a Destroyer came into view. The same destroyer that was being attacked by a fighter in the sky. They arched Moonstone back and began moving towards the warship in view. Things weren't looking pretty. His dad mentioned it was about to get chaotic and to still the boat. They waited and hauled the life jackets out. Waiting. The plane tried to shoot the boat down a few times, the men like speckles of deep green amongst the ship. There was so many on the outside let alone inside. The ship eventually hissed and began sinking, the immediate action was for the men to start jumping ship. Peter and his Dad moved closer before halting and waiting for men to swim to them. The water around the ship started turning a sickly black. Oil. he told his Dad and started hollering the men over. As they clambered on covered in that sickly black like an infestation of parasites on their skin. He helped them up and down telling them to grab life jackets and take up as less space as possible. As the men scurried on his bloodied hands got covered in the same sickly black and he noticed the hot embers in the ship. They needed to hurry. 'Come on then! Easy does it! we'll take as many as we can!' he helped as many as he could, including a freckled boy with baby blues, one with bright emeralds and the other with deep hazels, they seemed to have the most character out of the lot. He helped the last two on before seeing the inferno behind them, 'The Oil! Dad move it!' and they were off. The sharp rumble of the engine and they powered out of there, towards the one thing he'd been dying to see, The White Cliffs of Dover, they were finally bringing them home. He manoeuvred around the men and downstairs to check on George and saw them crowding round him. 'Oi! he's injured don't you dare move him!' he moved closer as the emerald greens from earlier turned, 'Mate I think you need to be quick wit' this one, breathin' shallow and all' he moved closer to check. He wasn't wrong, George was paler and his breathing was thinner than before. He had to pull through. He just had to. 'Well be bloody careful then!' and he stalked back up to meet with his Dad. He hadn't seen the Collins chap or Hubert and hoped we wouldn't have to, that's extra things to keep track on. The men were mostly shaking, cold, hungry you name it. They had every right to be. And while they didn't want a commotion on the way back it seemed they might be having one. The baby blues and freckles from earlier were stood quite protectively in front of deep hazel and everyone seemed to be glaring with accusing voices. He stood against the standing shelter, waiting for a large fight to kick off. If they fell over board it was their own bloody fault. He decided to watch over so they didn't damage Moonstone or hurt each anyone too badly. The conversation was quite uncomfortable and made him uneasy. 'You brought a Frog on board?! what are you a spy!?' 'what- no. Of course not mate! relax please, there's no need- 'We can't bring a bloody deserting frog back, he got us in this shit hole in the first place!' 'you know that's not true, he's hurting just like us-' 'Thank God, let him feel pain! Push him over, grab Freckles' and just like that shit went downhill like a firestorm. They grabbed the small freckled kid and held him to the mast and two of them grabbed the hazel eyes and shoved his head into the water trying to drown him. Freckles were crying out for them to stop and for an 'Alex'. He stepped up to intervene but stomping boots beat him to it. He didn't know who it was since he could only see wet brown locks, but they were clearly not messing around. He pulled the Hazel eyes, Gibson I think he was called by freckles, out of the water and grabbed the two trying to drown them. Smashing their heads together with a resounding thud and dropping them over board without a care in the world. Then he swivelled around on his heel, Ah. Emerald eyes. And grabbed the one holding freckles down and threw him over his shoulder, somehow, and got him in a head lock. He was not fucking around. 'Listen up pricks,' he was basically spitting venom at them 'I don't care about you right now, we've all been through the same shit'. he moved to point at the Gibson chap, 'He's french, so what? I 'ad the same trouble trying to accept him but the eejit has saved mine and Freckles' asses multiple times, alri't? He's been throug' hell with us an' the last shit we need is you, morons, causing a ruckus like this. An' if you pull any more shit to hurt anyone else on this boat you'll end up like those rats' and with a pointed finger to the guys left behind in the sea, his Dad had been pulling them back aboard with a grimace. And with that, he dropped the guy in the head lock, pulled freckles and this Gibson with him downstairs, with a curt nod in Peters direction. What a guy. They continued their sail through now mostly safe waters, till they could reach the docks of Dover's port. He noticed a lot of the blokes looked like ghosts, not wavering or talking. Silently broken. The few crying or shouting. More whispers of blood and gun fire. Peter quickly decided he hated War. It looked like absolute hell. The rest of the trip was mostly uneventful but when pulling them in they go applauded by other men and women standing. Home. They had finally brought some of them home. They got most of them off the boat after he unlocked the other door earlier, not seeing the pilot or Hubert since they probably left already, and pushed them along to get food and into the stations, they needed to be sorted out by train. He went down to pull George out and found those three there. The freckles with George in his lap, smoothing his hair down and bracing his neck in his arms and the other two squatted next to him. When he came down the other two got up and left with a nod. Told freckles to meet him outside. He walked over and the bloke seemed to get flustered. 'Ah- Sorry mate! I shouldn't have butted in but I just, well, saw him and decided he'd be safer if someone could hold him still so he, uh, doesn't get injured further. Sorry this was completely out of order, I shouldn't have, God I'm sorry mate I'll just-' 'Hey, Relax' the word made the other boy tense up, realizing he probably couldn't even if he tried after that ordeal. 'Thank you, I mean he's still alive because of you, seriously thank you. Peter, Peter Dawson' he held out his hand for a firm shake, 'Thomas, Thomas Benson. Just, uh call me Tommy' He helped Peter shift George into his arms and then stood up, thanked him again and quickly scurried off. Odd to find such a nice lad like him and George in these kinds of things. For now, he hoped he could see them again at some point and thank them properly and scrambled out gently to get George to the hospital as soon as he could. When there, the nurse was surprised that he was even breathing and they went along with treating him briskly. He wasn't allowed in the ward and had to wait outside but the doctor came out a few hours later to tell him what had happened. They had stitched the wound and reduced the swelling in his head, the skull had not been pierced so he would be Ok. However, he would need a month or so to recover and it was expected that he would be blind. It could be any kind, partial, completely or one eye, but the blow from the wheel to back of his head had damaged his eyes some. He would be dizzy and imbalanced until he was recovered and might not remember the boat ride in any detail. He was glad he would be Ok and left to help his dad pack up after paying the insurance, since George was a civilian, and left his address. Told to come back as much as he needed. The war had been, was being, hard on everyone so the hospital decided people could visit as much as they wanted while it was going on. He left heavy hearted, George might be scared by himself but he would visit daily until he was healed but at least he was alive and would be just as functional before but just more clumsy, pulling a short chuckle from his chapped lips he continued his way down to the docks. He'd go pick up Jasper later, for now, he had to help his dad. They had finally come home. (AN- I have no idea why this happened but yep, there we go. Next chappie is 'Gibson's POV. Fancy~ Xx)[Chapter 11] The whole of Dunkerque had been a whirl. From breaking away from the resistance to fleeing to the beaches to meeting those baby blues, those beautiful baby blues, to nearly dying, he had gotten lost along the way. The smell of salt and the sea in his eyes to the blood of some one else or his own, he could never quite tell, on his face and the hollow sound of gunfire and bombs. Not to mention the infuriating language barrier he'd had to deal with the whole way. But not Baby blues, he had managed to communicate with him more than anyone else. Even though they both looked like fools moving their hands around to gesture. The constant fear of breathing too hard or being stuck underwater had followed him, like strained nightmares, across the channel. But baby blues, Little Lamb was alive and that was all that mattered. He would take on the whole damn German army if it meant his, not his, baby blues didn't have to go back there. But that was going to happen. Him, the Lamb and this un-named man with harsh Evergreen eyes always holding an accusing tone with him. He was surprised he was still alive, he should've drowned. That's what frogs like him deserved, isn't it? The painful and searing feeling of the salt in his throat, eyes, ears as his lungs sloshed chock full of the direst cruelty. But the freckled Lamb thought differently. Gotten Evergreen to pull him out of one of those God forsaken wrecks. Kept him alive. So he did in turn. Guided him so his determined yet so very tired spark wouldn't go out. Even if he did. He had slouched and trekked along with them through the whole damn thing up to the small boat with the dirty blonde with the tight but polite smile with a small boy in a knitted vest on his mind. But to them, another body was another body and it had lost meaning. But if that sickly body had been baby blues, then he understood. Understood that anxiousness and fear. He was surrounded by men, no- boys, not young, he had seen younger amongst the bodies, but still too young. Yet this war had moulded them, shaken them and removed almost all feeling from them. Leaving walking ghosts with tight smiles and sometimes cold frowns. They couldn't by mama's boy anymore, they didn't have the strength to cry. Sleeping was almost out the question for men, boys, like him. Even in sleep, you were fighting. Clinging nightmares and bullet holes and dead bodies, red sand and sinking ships. Harrowing screams and pleas most unable to escape the lips they came from. but Roussel had held on, for baby blues mostly, for himself to get out of that hellish scene. But he left his comrades, the Germans would burn Paris to the ground, burn all around them just for fun. He didn't want to think about it, yet let the guilt crawl up his throat and spine, consuming him. He'd saved some though, that counted? He didn't want to turn around, as if he would see his home reach out with a pale hand, shaking towards him, reaching for his stiff coat filled with salt water, wanting to wrench him back and scream at him. Wail at him. Howl at him. For all his wronging. So he didn't turn around. Kept his eyes on Little Lamb and Evergreen laughed genuine laughs with smiles which he didn't deserve when they talked and jostled with each other. He knew. He knew he couldn't follow them. On that train. To a base for training. He had to turn around, embrace those wailing howls. He'd be found and cast away, left for dead. He didn't want to leave them, leave Little Lamb, but he had to make up his mind. He'd be asked questions he couldn't answer and be accused. He peered over at the soft freckled face, he looked happier. Still tired but more relaxed and just a little less tense. Good. Evergreen kept him occupied enough for him to slip into a crowd full of empty faces. Gaunt and following him from there. He pulled into a small alleyway and waited. No salt. No gunfire. No death. But he couldn't stay. He'd need a map, a small boat maybe, food. New clothes maybe? Every thought would flash back to small freckles and pastel blue and he ignored it. He stood there and waited. He would need the commotion to go down first. So he could grab what he needed and leave. Go back to France. Back to the shaking arms and help the resistance like he was supposed to. He hadn't heard the footsteps behind him as he shifted through the back streets. Didn't hear the other stiff coat behind him in the wind. Or the shallow out of breath lungs breathing behind him. He didn't look behind him. Until the quietest but the loudest voice, he would ever hear in his mind, shaking the shackles of his soul, that he turned around. And soon he had a face full of raven locks, freckles and those same baby blues. He spoke exasperated in a language he wasn't familiar with. Picking out 'Hell' and 'going'. Words he'd picked up from the other men. He stayed locked in the big hug for who knows how long, breathing and seeping in every feeling, every touch. His, again not his, Lamb had the same idea and they stayed like that in some grunge filled back alley. 'En quittant' the syllables were gruff and unused. He knew he wouldn't understand him but he tried to speak. that was the wrong thing to say apparently as Tommy reeled back eyes darting for an answer, concern knitted in his brow. he paused and cocked his head as if he was trying to understand. 'quitting?' the sound was soft and similar to what he had spoken so he guessed the words meant the same thing so he nodded slowly. He used his hands to motion a boat, the sea and the Eiffel tower. Lamb seemed to understand and shook his head. He tried making bars out of his hand and pulled a thumb across his throat. Then he made a symbol of a flag and guns. Trying to say he would either be locked up, die and need to go back to the resistance. He again shook his head violently and said something with his other name, 'Gibson', while miming a train? and a small house. He cocked his brow and looked at him with confusion. Baby Blues just sighed and motioned someone else, about his height and pointed at some dry grass, then to his eyes. Finishing with pointing at himself with a cocky grin. Ah, Evergreen. He nodded and watched further. He then pointed to his heart and again motioned a house and pulled a finger to his lips. Secrecy. Did they want to keep him secret? He motioned to himself and then put his own finger to his lips, Baby blues nodded happily and smiled. Well alright then. He pulled out his hand and they shook on an unspoken promise. He sighed and decided now was better than ever, He grabbed Baby Blues' shoulders and pushed him into the nearest wall and slowed his hands as he worked down to his hips. He gasped but stayed silent. Expecting. To hell with it all, He used one hand to keep him flush against the wall and the other to cup his face dragging it upwards. They stared at each other silently before he went in, getting their dry lips to meet. He slipped his hand through the dirty and, so very, stiff and cold trench coat and under the thin summer shirt beneath. Anything to get them closer together. He got the Lamb to gasp and deepened the kiss. They wrestled around for a while before he pulled back. both heavily breathing and red in the face. He helped sort Baby Blues' Shirt and coat out before bringing them out the dingy alleyway. He made some whining sounds as he spoke and his brow furrowed in concern. He silenced him again by bringing their chapped lips together. He gasped out an 'Oh,' that got him to stop fretting at least. He motioned the secret and train again along with the house and smiled. He moved to bring him into a tentative hug which his, still not his yet, Lamb flinched before moving into. He motioned Evergreen again and pointed to his head. So he knew what to do then. He hummed in agreement before giving him a soft kiss on the forehead and bringing them out of the alley way and into the streets to catch up to Evergreen and the train feeling a large weight of his tired shoulders. They caught up to a frustrated very Evergreen quite soon and he heckled them onto the train, grabbing them an empty compartment with him on one side and them on the other. Little Lamb grabbed the window seat and he the one next to him. Evergreen seemed to glare at him before having an animated conversation with Baby Blues. The train started, whistling, much like a hum. causing them to jump. Evergreen glared at the compartment door as Little Lamb curled into himself slightly. They all had the same quiet understanding. They weren't there anymore. They were in England, where they were safe for now. The train journey began with what he thought light banter and small but genuine smiles and boisterous laughs. This felt much better despite being covered in tar and oil, dirt, blood and sweat and still wearing the same clothes from the beginning of this ordeal. But they were happier and to Roussel, that's all that mattered in that moment. (AN - En quittant - means like leaving, departure, it mayyyy be inaccurate - I apologise :P and also it's hard getting two basically 'mute' characters to converse, but they do it in their own cute way :'D Xx)[Chapter 12] After getting off the boat that had rescued them, relocating Gibson (along with the impromptu make out session which most certainly did not happen) and then finding Alex and boarding the train Tommy was exhausted. He had tried to make a plan with Gibson about getting them off the train before they were relocated. If the military or locals found out he was French they'd suspect him a spy and they'd send him off to a labour camp. And they could do nothing to save him. He'd have to have a conversation with Alex on what they were going to do. Looking through the thick glass and at the rolling spurts of green and blue gave him some ease. They weren't going back, they were safe for now. However, whenever the train would lurch or squeal out smoke he couldn't help think it was the rigging of a boat or a Stuka overhead. Every large thud or noise would make him flinch, he was positive everyone was in a similar position and sleeping would be difficult. Easing himself into it and closing his tar covered eyes, he squirmed into the soft seat indulging in the pure softness of it. It wasn't long till he had drifted off. The soft thundering of the train and Alex calling for him pulled him back awake. He opened his heavy eyelids and sat up, Gibson was giving him a soft smile as Alex began speaking. 'You 'wake freckles? We need ta talk about gettin' off the train if we want to keep the Frog secret' he gestured around him. 'First off, you know my name is Tommy, second off his name is Gibson not 'Frog' and' he was giving him a tired little smile 'I know we need to get off the train so how do we do it. We can't just throw ourselves out' ' Well, we're stoppin' at Ashford ta stock up on supplies. At least that's what the lady was sayin'. We would board back on but we're goin' to stay there. Find a way to survive on the streets for a few days' He'd never been to Ashford but it didn't have a bad reputation and was just your average town. A great place to lay low and live for a while and recuperate. 'Alright, but we need medical attention, mostly for Gibson. We haven't treated either wound in a while' 'What!? I thought that's what you morons were doing back there' 'Well no, I lost Gibson in the crowd and-' He tried to forget the alleyway for this conversation 'and had to go find him and get to you before you boarded. Besides if we took either of us to a hospital they'd find he wasn't a Brit and then they'd have my records and we'd have to follow the train.' 'I can't believe either of you eejits. Alright, we'll need to find some'ne who can take care of ya and won't rat us out'. The journey carried on in a comfortable silence with the occasional quip from Alex. They slowed to a steady and slow speed and there were some newspaper boys by the tracks counting the stock. Alex hung out the window and asked something and then was tossed a newspaper from the boys. He pulled himself back in and closed the window. He threw the newspaper onto the compartment table and looked at him. Tommy reached for the paper and Gibson peered over curiously, 'So what did you ask?' 'Just for a newspaper an' where we were. Sandling. Not too far off Ashford' He glanced at the paper and his stomach churned at the heading and text. June 1940. ' We never surrender ' was the broad title, he decided to read some of it out loud as he went. 'We will go on to the end...we shall fight on the beaches...on the landing bays...in the fields...in the streets. We shall never surrender' Alex scoffed and Gibson was still as confused. 'Meanwhile, they held Calais steady pretty well; 4,000 of 'em. Rest's on other pages. Here that? We aren't even front page, We're jokes' 'I wouldn't say that. They just-' He flicked to Page 8 where it had the rest of Churchill's speech, 'The greatest military disaster in our long history'. was his quick reply. 'Tossers. So that's what we are then? Gods, At least it gave the people something to believe in again.' 'Yeah but they think it was just some damn miracle like us blokes didn't fight tooth and bones to get here Alex. Parliament is a load of sods'. He flicked through the rest, photos from the first boats coming home, their's was one of the last it seems. He glanced over the supplements before tossing the paper on the table and exhaling and pulling back into the seat. 'We better keep our god damn heads down when we're off this train' 'You're bloody right about that mate'. The train had sped up and they would reach Ashford soon enough. Gibson had fallen asleep but was tossing and turning, they debated waking him up but decided he needed the energy. The green hills swirling by eventually broke off into farms and eventually the Station. They stayed put as everyone else got off the train. 'Come on, best we follow them a little longer ' Alex got up and out first, followed by Gibson and then Tommy. Getting off the train was refreshing as the warm air pulled at his skin. They moved in a line as people of the streets gathered with food and beers. Alex grabbed at least four and cackled away as he passed some over. they stood and downed them before laughing away and continuing on. They were given blankets by who he presumed was a blind man, as he reached out and pulled his hand over his face, and he was off. Alex glared at him as they turned out towards the streets. The locals had gathered and were shaking hands with the men and chatting away, stories of home and war. Juxtaposed gently. They sat on the curbs as people opened up their doors to let some men in, have a proper meal and clean up. They had one night before the train, they weren't catching, left. 'We can't join 'em can we freckles?' 'Again, it's Tommy and not if we want Gibson taken away' Alex frowned as he debated whether giving him up was a good idea and Tommy swatted his arm. They were still hungry, filthy and in need of sleep and medical care but they couldn't do what the others were doing. Alex stood up and went to talk to an elderly asking a few questions before he came back. 'There's an inn further down, we can stay there one night for free, get a meal and clean up. Your wounds will have to wait.' Gibson looked lost as he replied a quiet 'I don't think Gibson's can' as he stood, pulling the confused French along. When they reached the inn it looked a little worn down but homey and it would be all they needed. Walking in the atmosphere was quiet, but if the sounds of groups coming in were anything to go by, it wouldn't be for long. They grabbed a room for four with the middle aged innkeeper with dark hair saying they could get another soldier in. It was a little worrying but Alex reassured him saying 'I'll sock 'im before he says anything'. The room was dingy and small, four thin mattresses for beds and thin blankets and a torn rug along with a small bathroom. Alex went in for a shower first knowing the other two would get blood everywhere. There was a small closet with some spare shirts and trousers, enough for the three of them. He laid them out on one of the beds and sat next to Gibson who immediately got closer. They sat there with their eyes closed listening to the bustle of the inn and the running water. Eventually, Alex came out in a towel and looked a lot better. The oil and dirt were gone and he looked quite fetching. There were some scabs that weren't visible earlier but all in all, he looked much healthier. Tommy went in next. Peeling off his clothes and looking at the makeshift bandage that had been rushed around his shoulder. He decided to leave it until he could get proper assistance. The water was warm but welcoming and he watched the pool of water at the drain go black. He let it the warmth sink in and managed to wash most of it off as well as clean any other scabs he had harboured. He grabbed the only other towel left and got out of the bathroom. Gibson smiled at him and Alex was putting the spare clothes on with his back to them. He grabbed some of the spare clothes and began drying himself off. After putting the shirt one and moving the towel he felt his muscles finally relax more. 'I gave the coats to a maid downstairs, she'll get 'em cleaned up for us. She also said there's food downstairs and a 'welcome home' party of sorts. Just music and food I guess' He finished getting dressed and put his belt on, 'What about Gibson he can't clean up with that wound, he'll bleed out' 'We 'eed to find someone who can treat 'im who is more, sympathetic than most folk here' 'Alright, you go get some food and bring some back for Gibson and I'll go find someone' He grabbed his boots and turned to motion to Gibson, He made an eating motion and pointed to his wound. He seemed to understand and nodded. Tommy was out the door first making his way downstairs with Alex behind him. He moved to the bar as Alex went to the lounge area where food was being served. The bar was filled with other guests and soldier boys. An older man sat at the piano playing soft tunes and drinks were being served. The sounds were all mingled together and filled with clanking and some happy shouting. His gut coiled as he stilled himself. He wasn't there anymore. Moving to the bar he ordered a pint and looked around. He couldn't really see anyone who could be helpful except the man at the piano, he must be a local bloke and will know a lot of people, a combat medic wearing his red cross with pride. He could help but they would have to keep Gibson's origins a secret and he might want the records. He could help Tommy though. He kept looking through the crowds, noticing an elderly lady in a rocking chair who appeared to be sleeping. She had grey hair in a bun and a blanket over her. Appearing to be undisturbed by the ruckus around her. He moved to sit down and cradled his drink, it was rather bitter but kept him grounded either way. The old clock on one of the walls read that it was a quarter to ten. That late huh? He peered over at the stair case and saw Alex going up with some plates in hand. At least Gibson would be fed. As the night went on steadily he tried talking to the combat medic. Approaching the group he was in he pulled the bloke aside who quickly tensed. 'What do you think of people who aren't British?' He looked caught off guard, 'Well, uh, Spies. I'd have to say the lot of 'em are unwanted. 'Just wondering but, would you treat one?' He looked flustered at the rather ethical question, brown eyes darting around. 'No, unless I had to. They're on their own'. Shit. Well, he was out for Gibson's wound. 'Well, you wouldn't happen to have any equipment with you? I have a bullet wound that needs treating. And no records.' 'Yeah. Yeah sure mate I'll get some from the train, meet me outside'. His moral compass must have shifted and he was off. He sat on the porch area outside and waited. The man returned with a supply bag and they moved into an alleyway. He peeled off his shirt and moved so he could get at the wound. Pulling of the bandage was indeed very fucking painful. The oozing scab was pulled off slowly with the dirty bandage and the wound was yellow in some areas and dripping red. The man scoffed and pulled out tweezers, and iodine. Pulling out some of the dirt and fabric stuck in there as Tommy gritted his teeth and pouring it in Iodine. He then put a white gauze over it and then bandaged it. Cleaning his tools up he passed him some extra equipment. 'Here for when you need to rebandage it and clean it. It should take a few weeks to heal, Isn't that big but will be a little painful' and was he walked back inside the Inn. Standing up Tommy re-entered with a supply bag around his good shoulder. One down, one to go. Moving to go back upstairs he passed the elderly lady. She kicked his foot causing him to almost trip on his foot and gawk out. His cheeks tinted cerise as he turned to look at her accusingly. 'What-what was that for?!' 'you talking about foreigners boy?' He looked at her with a confused face 'Earlier! To that medic over there, you carrying someone suspicious?!' oh shit. 'No!? look I-Well, He isn't' 'It's alright, he wounded boy? Take me to the fella. I used to be a qualified nurse you know. I can help you. Free of charge' She winked and stood up, cane in hand. He went back up to the room and she followed behind until he got to their room, No.38, and opened it to let her in. 'Hey, guys I brought someone who can help!' He put one foot in and he heard a crackle beneath him and his boots causing him to wince and still. Looking down he took in the mass amounts of broken glass littered on the floor. 'G-guys?' (AN- the next chapters will be in bulk so I won't put other ANs in, I want to get this mostly done before I start college and realised it might be longer than i first expected :P week and a bit so there will be multiple chapters updated at the same time:'DD for all you lovelies~ If you couldn't tell Englishmen hate anyone who isn't..English :D unless it was life and death, then they would probably still hate people :'D)[Chapter 13] The glass cracked beneath his feet as he turned to the elderly woman behind him, 'Ma'am stay here, I'll go in' She scoffed, rude, and he walked in. He dropped the supply bag by the door and turned around. There was an empty plate that had been smashed and the glass coming from beer glasses. When they had grabbed them he doesn't know. Stepping into the room fully he looked around. Immediately spotting Gibson holding a slightly thrashing Alex in his arms on the floor by the bed. He had an elongated cut down the side of his face by his eye and Alex's hands were smeared with blood. The woman stepped in behind him as he rushed over, He took Alex out of his arms and he ungracefully tumbled to the ground with Alex crumpled in his arms. He was murmuring and thrashing occasionally. He knew exactly what this was. The woman moved so they could all see her and muttered 'That's a Shell Shock attack, that's what that is' he whipped his head around and glared. 'You think I don't know what this is?!' She gave him a judging look as he turned to his curled up mate. 'Alex? Al, can you hear me? It's me, Tommy. Gibson is here and a lovely old lady. You're safe, We're safe' He thrashed some more calling out typical shouts from the war and rushed his hands over his ears. 'Come on big guy, it's alright. You're safe. No Bombs, No guns, No Germans. We're in Ashford, In an Inn' The woman snarked a 'The Rook's Inn, actually' Behind him. 'Not important lady' was said under his breathe. He moved Alex to settle on one of the Mattresses and held him down as he sat next to him. His pupils were dilated and bloodshot, he'd been crying, and his body occasionally twitched. He took his hands off slowly and combed his finger through his hair, mimicking a mother. Alex moved into the touch as he continued. He whispered some reassuring words and tried lulling him to sleep. Humming some lullabies his sister used to use on him when he was younger. His erratic breathing slowed as the humming was all that could be heard. Eventually, his eyes closed and he fell into a dreamless sleep. He moved away and turned to the others. 'You'd do well to be in a medical ward young man, that was impressive. Even I can't bring men like him back from those kinds of horrors. Colour me proud' 'T-thanks' and she laughed softly. 'Right, well who's the injured one?' Gibson grunted as he shifted and placed a hand over his face where the deep cut was. 'Well alright, let me work then. Come on you, into the bathroom. An' you boy, clean this mess up and bring me that supply bag' she moved them into the bathroom as he grabbed the bag and handed it to them. Turning around so he couldn't see and began picking up the glass. He heard Gibson grunting and hissing in the bathroom with the lady giving him witty remarks he couldn't understand. After everything was cleaned up and he tucked Alex in better and they came out the bathroom. Gibson was finally cleaned and looked much healthier, his skin a brighter pink, and had a proper bandage around his shoulder and lower back as well as a large gauze over the left side of his face. His eyes had more colour and he looked more lively. The woman stepped out and placed the bag down as Gibson got into the other spare clothes. 'I did what I could, It'll heal nasty but that's one tough bloke I tell ya. You best keep his secret, or you'll be found out. You'll need more supplies too, for him and you' 'what? how did you-?' ' It's the way you hunch boy, a bullet wound no? You'll heal well' She moved to the door and Tommy went to see her out. he opened the door and asked if she needed help getting home. 'Don't worry about it dear, my name is Heidi. I live at No.20 down the lane two turns and up the dirt road, Come visit if you ever have the time'. And she was out and gone into the hustle of downstairs. He closed the door and turned to meet Gibson who gave him a quick kiss. Smiling he ushered him to bed next to Alex. His stomach rumbled and he realised he had yet to even eat. He mimed food to Gibson and made his way downstairs. Grabbing some left overs he quickly wolfed it down with some water and went back through into the hallway. The innkeeper noticed him and shouted him over. He stilled and turned around and approached them. Back into the loud noises. 'I told you about that fourth bed right? Well, I got a bloke about your age, needs a bed for the night. You'll take him yeah?' He was slightly shouting over the noise and Tommy just nodded along. 'Good! Oi! Eric get over here!' He turned his head to see a bloke about Alex's height, so still taller than him, with light brown eyes and easy frame and dusty brown hair. He came over with a polite smile on his face. He turned to Tommy and held out his hand, 'Eric, Eric Richardson. A pleasure to meet you!' he was all easy smiles and soft jaw lines. He shook it and replied 'Thomas, Thomas Benson, Just call me Tommy. There are two others, you alright with that?' 'Yeah I just need a bed to sleep in' and he chuckled as Tommy led him upstairs. 'Age?' 'twenty-three, you?' 'twenty' 'oh to be young again!' He exclaimed as he grabbed him at the top of the stairs and twirled him around. What the? They both began laughing as he swatted him and took him to the room. Alex was sleeping softly and it looked like Gibson was too but Tommy knew better at this point. 'Here, take a bed. We'll wake you for breakfast, you look rather tired' 'Rightly so! Well, I'll be taking to bed for the night. Good night' 'Night' and Eric was settled in. He looked over at Gibson and smiled, he smiled back before turning over and trying to sleep. He slipped into the last bed and tried to sleep. Eventually, after some tossing and turning, he was lulled to a deep sleep. He was woken up the next morning by Gibson and he could hear water running. They had all tossed and turned that night, harbouring similar nightmares. He sat up and noticed Eric still in bed. So Alex must be in the bathroom. Gibson look refreshed so he's probably been to the bathroom already. Alex came out and he looked sullen. He also looked regretful, probably from last night. He moved into the small room and gave him a small wave before flopping onto a bed. He moved to wake Eric up who was reluctant but eventually caved and sat up as Tommy went to wash up. He returned and let Eric have the bathroom and sat on the bed opposite to Alex with Gibson next to him. 'Who's he then?' 'Eric, Innkeeper gave him to us last night to sleep, why?' 'Looks like a right tosser' 'Alex!' 'It's true though!' and just like that, they were laughing like school girls again. 'Do you want to talk. Talk about last night?' Alex ducked his head and murmured something. 'Not really but I will anyway. Owe you that much, I don't remember all of it. Just freakin' out, some children set off some firecrackers down the lane. Then. Then I saw black and heard gunfire. Frog tried to help I think, Kept me stable on the bed after I had-' he paused and swallowed thickly 'had thrown bottles at the wall and the plate at his face. I thought he was, someone he isn't. The rest was just a nightmare we all know. You got me to sleep though? Didn't you? I heard you humming and a woman? Then just darkness'. 'Yeah. Yeah, I did, my sister used to do a similar thing when I was younger. The lady came to look after our wounds. Heidi, she told me her address in case we needed something. Lovely old woman' Eric returned and looked at them 'What you talking about?' he gasped 'Having a secret coup without me!?' laughing as Alex groaned. 'The train will be leaving soon after breakfast, you coming?' He had checked the clock and looked at them expectingly. 'Sure mate, just, we'll meet you there' It seemed to appease him as he grabbed his coat and boots and shuffled out the door humming happily as he went. Alex sneered at the closing door. ' Absolute tosser' Tommy threw a pillow at him. They got everything gathered after the Innkeeper knocked on their door telling them to start moving and went to grab their coats from the maid. They were clean and smelled of soap, no longer of blood and dirt. Though the faint smell of salt remained. After a good English breakfast, which he missed dearly, and thanking the Innkeeper they left out the door and looked out at the warm sun beating down on them. The street was fairly empty aside from a few people walking up and the train could be seen being boarded. They turned in the other direction. (AN - they don't want to go back, so they're basically 'on the run' and harbouring a spy. Britain man)[Chapter 14] The three moved into the larger streets as it began to buzz with happy excitement. The scenery was jarring in comparison to what they left behind. A clear blue sky with chemical swirls of white clouds and a sun carrying itself along. Long lines of clothing pulled out among the houses. The splashes of colour among the sun-glazed walls of humble abodes. Children on their way to school, little red uniforms and grey skirts and trousers dancing as they ran. People on their way to work to pull their weight, hammers and groceries amongst other things in hand. The pathway was clean of debris and led them down into normality. Though he suspected they could ever go back to being normal. 'Bloody 'ell. I missed this' Alex exclaimed as he looked over and nodded. 'Tell me about it' Gibson appeared to be taking it in just as much, a small smile on his face. They continued walking down the street and moved into what was probably the main street if all the hustle and bustle were anything to go by. There appeared to be a market up ahead, little red and blue bunting shimmering in the light. Further down, the train station was visible from the street they passed. Alex noticed him peering, 'Last chance freckles, the train 'ill be leavin' soon' 'We can't, we need to stay here' and just like that the red locomotive set off into the distance, trailing white tendrils of smoke along. Though the street was busy he didn't feel too on edge, the people were all dressed differently and smiling as they went, there were no immediate sounds or threats around them. They should be safe. They stood by one of the fenced gardens and relaxed into the sun beams. Soaking up the heat. It was mid-morning and things were clearing up, but the street was still relatively busy. Alex's stomach gurgled as he groaned, 'I'll be needing somethin' to eat soon or I might die' Tommy scoffed as he turned to look at him. 'Stop being so melodramatic you just had breakfast. We don't even have a single penny anyway so we couldn't get food even if we wanted to' Alex groaned harder, lolling his head back against the large picket fence. 'So, we need to go find some jobs to do, they won't question us too much. I bloody hope. Come on let's head into the market, find some poor sod who needs hard labour work doing for some pennies' He lurched off of the fence and they all began moving into the market, Tommy's supply bag on his good shoulder still. The place was just as bustling as it looked from a far. Little stalls set up in ordered rows, covered in a variety of colours and shapes. The pavement turned to cobble and he lost count of all the different sizes and grains beneath his feet before he bumped into Alex's back. Gibson was still behind him as he looked up. Alex was looking into a particular stall that sold what appeared to be baskets and cases of fruit. An elderly man was at the small box of a till and looked rather tired. He was peering at some empty crates. Alex spoke up as he moved back slightly. 'You need any help, Sir, with the crates? He loosely pointed to the crates and the man perked up as he stood, grabbing his walking cane bristled with marks and dents from use. 'Why yes, if you boys wouldn't mind helping. I could do with these being taken to the local grocer. He wants them delivered but I'm a bit old and my back is, well, not what it used to be- I can uh. Let me just-' He made some stiff movements as he turned to the crates, 'It's alright Sir, let us handle it. Point us in the direction, we'll do it for a few pennies. Lads got'ta eat an' all' Alex slurred his accent a bit as he motioned them to pick up the crates. All three of them carrying three each, though Alex carried four and Tommy only carried two since everyone knew he was weak, easily even though the wood splinters and jagged edges cut into his skin slightly. 'Well, yes I suppose. I'll give you three pennies for it. one each. I have some extra to spare, you all look too skinny anyway. There, the grocer is just 'round the corner, thank you' He handed Tommy the 3d from his small box and he tumbled them into the pocket of his coat. That would at least get them a loaf of bread for about 3 days since milk would go sour and eggs would be useless. 'Thank you, Sir, We'll be on our way now. Al' come on' They set off as the man sat back into his wooden chair and closing his eyes. As they rounded the street they noticed a small grocer and entered, the smell of fruit and grass floated around. The man at the till spied them and helped them unload the crates, thanking them as he went back to his business. The three boys left and Alex bumped into a woman who was carrying away her groceries and she dropped the bag and shrieked back, the fruits and milk jug going onto the floor. Alex moved to help pick it up, apologising as he leaned down. But that seemed to set her off as she squealed and shouted out 'He's stealing my food! Robber!' and moving back startled. That garnered some attention from the other wanderers around them, one of them a burly man and the other a police officer. Alex moved away slowly with his hands up after placing the fruit back down. Tommy turned to Gibson and shuffled him back into the grocer giving him a 'stay' motion and turned back to the unfolding chaos. 'Ma'am I was just trying to help, Here I'll try again-' he leant forward and she cried out again. Alex stood up as the officer crossed the street and the burly man with a large beard encasing his broad chin closed in from further up the street. Tommy swiftly moved to Alex's side to try and help defuse the situation. As quickly as they could. 'I'm sorry Ma'am but my friend was just trying to help. We didn't mean anything by it, we can back away if you'd prefer that-' 'liars!' She moved behind the large man as he came into the situation, teeth bared and fists curled. What on earth? 'What you lads think you're doin' hurting a lady? Do I need to talk some sense into you?! huh?' He grabbed for Tommy and pulled him up by his shirt, 'you stealing!?' 'What!? No s-sir we were just passing-' he moved him gruffly and shook him about a bit off the ground before he was dropped unceremoniously onto the hard pavement. Alex had stepped in and had the man at a face-to-face confrontation. His fists were curled much tighter and they were at eye level, the tension poured around them in waves. He pulled his hand to his neck, rubbing it, as he got up and backed away a fair bit. Alex could handle this much better than he ever could. ' . You have no idea what's goin' on mate, you'd be best lettin' us on our way. We didn't touch the bird, only tried to help her pick up her things' They had their teeth bared like bears as they stared each other down. 'What are you anyways? Army boys? Look like a load of sods to me- just get out of this town before I-' It was enough to send fists flying as Alex threw his fist into the man's jaw, a crack resounding around them. 'If you had even seen a little of the horrors we've faced you'd be pissing your self on the floor in tears you old bastard. Back. Off'. The man swiftly gathered himself and retaliated, socking Alex in the eye and neck before the officer had closed in and pulled them apart. Tommy moved to pull Alex back and the officer snarked at them. Was no one on their side today? He told them to get moving before they found themselves in trouble. Grabbing Alex by the arm and calling Gibson out of the shop they moved further down the street and further away from the scene. He eventually pulled them into a littered but otherwise empty alley way and sat Alex down. Grabbing his chin and turning it so he could do damage control. His eye had bloomed a sad purple and deep maroon trailed along his eyelid that held a dilated and bloody eye. His neck had a similar fist sized purple bruise that was starting to bloom blue in some areas. 'I should 'ave hit harder, you should of let me hit more too' 'not now Al, You need ice and a cloth. There's no need for any of that talk anyway. It is what it is'. He grabbed a spare cloth and something to cool it down from the supply bag he still carried from the Inn. 'We have no ice so a cold damp cloth will have to do' he dampened the two cloths he had rummaged for and placed them in the areas that needed to be treated. 'We can heat it up later I guess. Stay still.' He assessed for any other injuries and then pulled back, satisfied with his slight handiwork. 'Are all the people here pricks or somethin'? Gods, they all need a smoke or somethin' ' Alex continued his mumbling as Gibson sat down beside him looking just as defeated as Alex. He then realised they were still hungry. 'We need some food, I'll go by some and hopefully there won't be another scene'. He stood up and picked up the supply bag, moving out of the alleyway. 'Alright, try not ta die will ya?' something that didn't need to be said considering they were supposed to be safe but it was a force of habit by now, he guessed. 'You too'. And he was back into the sun covered streets. There were fewer people about since it was midday and everyone was at work so he made his way to the bakery. It was a small shop decorated with bronze and beige, bread glistening through the window. Geez, he was hungry. Stepping in with a chime from the door he hadn't heard in a while he was greeted by an array of different loaves of bread. All the golden loaves shone at him as there were a few other people in the shop. A boy and his mother and some elderlies. The others were buying their bread and he turned to pick one out. Spying a long baguette that would be easy to tear and share amongst them, glistening with glaze, he picked it up. He handed the baker 1d and he bagged the baguette for him. He placed it into his supply bag and left the shop, the boy's happy laughter of getting a cookie following him out. Realising they would probably be sleeping in the streets for the night they would need at least one blanket. He moved back into the market way and spied a stall of a haberdashery and lined with cotton, blankets, wool and fleeces of all colours. He walked over and the woman looked up. She was middle-aged with her long brown locks tied up in a bun. Smiling as he made his way over to her. 'Young lad, need something to keep warm tonight? I have all you need here! Call me Susan deary' he smiled as he replied 'Tommy, and yeah I'm looking for some blankets' he spied some very thin blankets that would do alright and be cheaper. She must have fully taken in his apparel as she exclaimed with a certain fondness, 'You a soldier! Why didn't you say so? My son's just like you, he was in France, in the evacuation I think. However, he hasn't come home yet. How did you get here? Is everyone safe?' She rambled as she continued to bombard him with questions. 'Yes, me and my other two mates came here on one of the last trains. They got everyone they could home I-' He didn't want to break the news that her son probably didn't make it past the boats, 'I'm sure he'll turn up, probably still at Dover' 'Why of course! There's three of you! Well here' She grabbed three thicker blankets from behind her, handmade and all individual in colour and pattern and turned back to him 'On the house for a penny, You deserve a lot more than I can give you, and certainly not how some people will be treating you, you're all bloody heroes in my eyes dear!' He handed her a penny and took the blankets, wrapping them atop his bag. 'Thank you, Missus, well I best be on my way before one of my mates starts a ruckus. It was a pleasure' He cocked her a smile as she waved him goodbye. A laugh tugging on her lips. He didn't want to think about how her face would soon become more exhausted. Drained. Sadder. Tear streaks marring her rosy cheeks. He pressed on back through the streets. Turning into their little alleyway, Alex and Gibson turned to him. Gibson looked happy and Alex's bruising had gone down some and the two cloths were by his side, though the wounds would be there for a day or so. The bloodshot had also receded slightly, the white slowly returning. 'Look what the cat dragged in! Ya got any food, I'm starving!' 'Hold your horses, I got blankets too. A lady gave me a discount' He handed out the blankets and sat between the two grabbing the brown bag from his supply bag. He pulled out the bread and everyone's mouths watered, the smell was heavenly. Separating the bread into three equal bits, he handed the two noses to the other two. Having the middle for himself. They quickly dug in and devoured the bread. 'That was just what the doctor ordered' Alex licked his fingers and Gibson was smiling wildly. They finally had something in their stomachs. The rest of the day was spent in the alleyway as they sat and talked, stories and idle chit chat. Normal things he hadn't done in a while. It was rather pleasant. The sun eventually went down enough that the sky turned similar colours to Alex's bruises of which he now felt proud about. He still had a penny left, enough to buy them more bread later but they could do with a roof over their heads. The rain eventually came on and spat at them as they huddled together under the blankets for warmth and shelter. Turns out wool is not a good material to use against water. 'Freckles this, really isn't working' Their fringes were wet and their boots drenched as well as the blankets which had diluted in colour from their dampness. 'Better than being completely soaked, now hush' they sat in silence as the last rays of sunlight fell behind the roofs and the birds nestled in for the night. The three of them fell into a light dose, resting on each other before something falling along the pavement outside the alley could be heard. Tommy was alert first, head up and turned towards the alley. two elongated silhouettes could be seen coming towards them, male but he couldn't tell the age due to the way they stretched like tendrils. He shoved Alex awake and he too was quickly alerted. Gibson was the least worried on the surface, relaxed posture and only his eyes open. Unmoving. Alex managed to hiss out 'What kind of sod is out at this time of night?' 'You should look in a mirror mate' It seemed to take him a couple seconds to catch on before Tommy felt his shoulder being swatted and an incoherent noise from Alex next to him. Smiling he turned back to the shadows that inched closer. 'Let's just stay still. And- uh- not look conspicuous?' 'Yeah three blokes in soggy blankets in a back alleyway, completely normal' He turned to glare at him as they stilled. The shadows came around the corner and the blotches of darkness came into the alleyway. The only light they had was a small oil lamp left outside someone's window, so they could only make out the faces of the blotches in front of them. Two boys, younger than them, had approached before stopping in front of them; bewildered looks on their faces. 'Who are you?' there was a thick accent behind his words. Alex was about to speak up before he cut him off. 'Three blokes trying to sleep. And you?' 'Two morons out for a smoke and to spit some bursts' bursts? Did he mean firecrackers? And they were definitely too young to be smoking by his standards. 'Absolutely not. You're too young and you'll disturb the neighbourhood.' 'What are you, our mummy ? Sod off, we do what we want' and with that they stood and lit a smoke, puffing out the grey clouds with ease. They weren't new to this. 'Now hold on just a minute' he stood to sort them out when Alex grabbed his sleeve. The rain had stopped almost completely and he could also see a type of fear, desperation in Alex's eyes. He turned to see the boys opening a firecracker. Oh. They did not need this right now. He turned back to Alex and covered him with his blanket and shoved Gibson at him who seemed to understand what to do and was instantly holding Alex down. 'Wait, please don't do that-oi!' he stalked up to them as they lit the thing up, the crackling startling him and making him flinch back. The hissing continued and it began shrieking, he heard Alex shout out as he went to grab the thing before it could go off completely. His fingers curled around the other boy's hand and the cracker as it hissed further, the bombers moon in the sky didn't help him think any different than all the other times he heard a similar noise. The thing popped with a flash and the bang and heat made both of the boys lurch back, hands covered in black powder and slight burn marks. The flash lit up the whole alleyway for a second before fleeting and Alex was still thrashing behind him. 'You absolute eejits! What did I tell you! the boys stood petrified at Alex's continuing outburst as he turned to help Gibson keep him still. 'Stay!' was all he said to the two as he turned to Alex and grabbed his face, reciting similar things he had already said. He calmed slightly but one look at the other boys and he was hissing out 'Jerry!' before thrashing some more, He soothed his dark locks back like last time and continued relaxing him before humming again, it wasn't long before he calmed and stilled, eyes pulling back from his nightmare. He was breathing heavily and muttering curses under his breath. Gibson let go gently and he followed. He looked back at the boys and shouted at them, causing them to flinch and flee the scene. Looks like this time wasn't as horrible. Wrapping themselves back into the blankets and getting back into a huddle position, the tense atmosphere dissipated and Alex fell asleep first, rightfully exhausted, Tommy followed and he didn't know if Gibson did or not as he fell into a dreamless night. (AN- we also, by 1940 didn't like soldiers for a little while, people felt kinda betrayed so looked at them in disdain, that changes obviously)[Chapter 15] Roussel didn't follow his other two companions into an empty sleep that night. Everything gave him an eerie feeling in his gut. Not to mention Evergreen's breakdowns and all the calamity that happened that day. Seemed like some English folk were rather rotten and couldn't be bothered to listen to them purely based on what they were wearing. The Alleyway they were in currently was dingy and cold, The soggy blankets only pulling that dampness closer. He looked at the peaceful faces next to him, the occasional knitted brow or murmur fluttering amongst their skin. After the incident with the firecracker, there were no other people to pass the alley. There were a few hours before the sun would rise behind them, cascading the roofs in a warm glow. This gave him some time to get his thoughts together at least. The train ride had been slightly tiring but it was peaceful, aside from the jerking of the rails and carriage. They had gotten off and met some of the towns folk. The nice ones apparently and headed to that Inn. The noise had offended his ears and being stuck in the room wasn't particularly nice but it wasn't the worst thing in the world. He knew what that was. Then Baby Blues had brought- no- Evergreen freaked out and smashed a plate of all things in his face. He understood but that didn't stop the ache from the gash on his face. He laid his hand over the gauze, hissing slightly. Then Baby Blues brought in that terrifying woman. Who seemed to be elegant and poise but the minute she got to his wound she was hellish. Saying things he couldn't understand meant he couldn't brace when she said, meaning all the pain from taking the thin make-do bandage off was fully absorbed. He felt his back ache remembering the scab pulling back with the cloth, revealing an open wound with shrapnel hidden within and yellow skin around the edges. She Then grabbed tweezers and took her sweet time in removing the Shrapnel while he was fully sober. Some wine would have done him some good. After that, she cut away the infected skin with little grace or fragility. Placing it on the dish beside her. She used a towel to soak up the blood at the bottom before grabbing iodine and pouring it gracefully over his back. He remembered not being able to hold back shouts and hisses from the pain. She then wrapped it in a large gauze and bandage. It wasn't pleasant but had done the job and he should be thankful for that. Damn Witch saved his life. Then Baby blues brought in that brown haired fellow. The one that put both him and Evergreen on edge. There was something about him that made his stomach coil. After he left they were officially on the streets, and the whole thing with that silly woman happened. He didn't see much just the large man bullying Baby Blues and having a decent wrestle with Evergreen. He wished he'd gotten his two pence in to return the favour for Baby Blues. And they finally got fed and huddled up to each other for the rest of the day. And now they were here. The sun had risen mostly and there was some commotion around the street. People were waking up and starting to shift. His back ached as he shifted, he hadn't sat in the same position for long in a while. His movement seemed to wake Evergreen up and he gave him an apologetic smile, he smiled back and shifted into a more awake position. The two still had a large barrier between them due to language but there was a mutual trust and respect for the other and they had still grown close together, along with Little Lamb. Some time went though it was probably under an hour before Baby Blues woke up, blinking owlishly as he also sat up. He and Evergreen exchanged some words and laughed a little before they seemed to have a proper conversation. Most likely about what to do. He turned back to watching the street knowing he could trust the two of them, his eyes followed every person who would pass. Looking at them from a glance and trying to gain a first impression. Little Lamb pushed his shoulder, after a while, to get his attention and the other two were on their feet. He stood as Evergreen took the supply bag and blankets this time and they moved out the alleyway. They spent a good two hours, by his standard, to find this area they were going to. Neither of them was trusting enough to ask anyone nearby for help, fearing another confrontation. They walked up a slimmer street and the town went from cobble to dirt roads and he looked up. A few villas stood atop a grassy field, framed by lush trees of all variety of green and a bright blue sky that garnished the roofs. It was a painting that had yet to be painted. They walked up with their boots crunching along, a few green leaves scattered amongst the mud. They looked at each villa before coming to a No.20 he supposed by the small sign at the door. Evergreen knocked first, eye and neck still holding the purple and red from last night but no longer had a swollen eye. Finally, the door opened slowly and he stood still. The god damn witch stood there with smiles and open arms. No thank you. She led them inside and the other two took their boots and the bag off by the door, moving into the kitchen to the right. He didn't move. The witch noticed first and pulled him in, closing the door behind him. She had good strength for someone at death's door. He didn't say that. He moved to sit near Baby Blues, eyeing the witch suspiciously. She got them some tea and biscuits, odd for the time of day. And the three of them had a conversation. It was quite animated and blurry for Roussel so he decided to look around the house instead. It was a 19th-century villa which held up pretty well, decorated with elegant wallpaper and gold leaf furniture in some areas. They were sat in well-cushioned chairs even for the kitchen and he had a feeling the rest of the house was similar. There were a few paintings visible in the hallway and lounge opposite, probably acquired from ancestors. There were some framed photos of a family and a man and woman. Probably her and her husband. However, if the lack of life in the house was anything to go by, he was long gone. There was also a photo of two children, two girls and then a photo of one of them older, a man and a young boy. They were probably also gone, dead or otherwise, and the son was probably her grandson. The conversation continued until lunch in which Baby blues made sandwiches since the lady was indeed getting old. After that, he was led upstairs by the other two and the witch and there were two rooms spare, one with two beds and one with the other. He gravitated towards the one with two and it was decided that Evergreen would take the single and they would take the double. There was some more conversation between Baby Blues and the Witch before there was a knock at the door. A quick, harsh and solid knock. Everyone turned their heads.[Chapter 16] July 1940~ George's Recuperation was stressful for both Peter and his Dad. They had to move him to the Royal Seabathing Hospital soon after the evacuation but they would have to move George again soon since they were filling up with soldiers for the past month. George was the only civilian there after all. He had spent the past month bed ridden with frequent operations. He had to be constantly stable or they feared he would get himself killed by rolling out of the bed. He was restrained until his skull could heal. Then they had to give him liquid based nutrients since he wasn't able to eat and drink and the stitches sorted out. Peter was only allowed to come once every week due to how busy they were and he could only stay there for an hour or so. Besides, there wasn't anything to do since George was asleep all the time. His head had healed at the average rate and the doctors said that he will have a scar but his hair will grow over it. They still didn't know how he would fare if he woke up. When he would wake up Peter told himself. The whole month had less fishing in it due to fear of invasion and the Dawson's had lost some money because of it. Peter had managed to get jobs here and there to make up for the loss. But it was still just as exhausting. Even the nurses had pointed out his dull eyes and the large circles under them. He didn't want to tell them that it may or may not be because he hadn't slept by himself for years and was used to the other person cuddling, away from nightmares, with him and that said person might die. The hospital itself was horrifying to him. Soldiers of every mark were present, all broken and trying to heal. He never thought he'd so many people who weren't whole, literally and figuratively. The walls were painted a murky grey and though the outside was lovely, decorated with red brick and lush gardens and a blue metal fence, the inside paled in comparison. It was usually dull since some patients couldn't have windows open, so blinds were shut, and it always reeked of sterile equipment and death. It wasn't unusual for Peter to hear from George's bedside the final words of men or the cart taking them to the morgue. But he hated to think about it. A lot of the more bodily able men became interested in George's story, and applauded his bravery for only being seventeen, Peter had said the same thing so many times he could recite it by heart. It was a weird feeling to know George would wake up to all these men knowing almost everything about him but he didn't even know their faces. It made his skin crawl just as much as the smell of the wing. His dad would visit too, to fill out the occasional form and greet George. But he would always leave earlier, unable to look at the sick form in the bed. They brought Jasper sometimes too, to cheer the men up and give them a taste of life outside the walls they were confined to. Though they couldn't always bring him. After the month passed, two weeks were to pass and the doctors said they could move him. They would move him to the East Cliff Practise by the docks where they kept Moonstone and he would stay there until he woke up and then for heal check ups. During it all, he kept visiting and then helping his dad. However, he had been utterly drained and sleepless due to one of them. Remembering it with horror whenever he kept still one second too long. The job he had to take was to help a burly, middle-aged man with cleaning his boat, Sundowner, along with another boy of a similar age. He had bagged the job when the man spotted him bringing the shopping home and remembered him from the evacuation. Said he needed help with cleaning his boat and nets. Nothing he couldn't handle. He'd be given 7d for it and it wasn't something to pass up. It was the end of July and the autumn had come quickly and brought its usual dead leaves and wind that nipped at your feet. As well as rain. Lots of rain. He woke up and grabbed a quick breakfast, saying goodbye to his dad as he slipped a pair of worn down wellies on and he was out the door. He brought his rain coat and listened to the padding of water on his coat as he went. The trees were turning into ghostly appearances of their counterparts and swirled with the wind. The clouds were thick in the sky and there was little sunshine piercing through. There was probably going to be a storm today. Good thing they weren't taking Moonstone out that morning. He reached the docks and spotted the cruiser known as Sundowner and the man who owned it, John and another dark haired boy mentioned before. The waters were choppy even at the docks and they'd have to be careful. John smiled as he made his way over. 'Peter! There you are! All equipped I see, here meet Benjamin. he's here to help with ya!' John spoke in a boisterous manner and held that cheerful air about him despite the weather. The boy looked a bit like George with curly brown hair but was taller, about Peter's height, and had grey to blue eyes he couldn't really tell from his angle. As well as wearing a bright orange raincoat and large boots. He didn't say a word to him as they made their way onto the boat. Rude. John gave them some orders and they set about it. They cleaned the sides of the boat and this 'Benjamin' seemed to take care, doing the proper directions while Peter hung off the side from the railing and cleaned it that way. Both just as effective by his standards. He moved onto to unknotting and loosening the nets with his small knife on the deck of the boat. The rope was rough and he forgot to bring gloves, eejit. His hands burned slightly as he untangled the rope and sorted it into a loop. Moving onto cleaning out the crab cages of excess bait and other substances he heard a splash by the side of the boat. He didn't think anything of it, Benjamin just dropping the rope or a sponge or something. The waters got choppier as the Rain turned torrential quickly. Very quickly. The boat began rocking as he grabbed the Tiller to steady himself. He couldn't see two feet in front of him due to all the rain let alone look for John. He heard some men shouting and some movement on the dock but he couldn't see the damn docks or Benjamin for that matter. He shouted his name as the rocking became vigorous. He noticed that when rocking, the boat wasn't reaching the edge of what should be the docks, it was stopping before it. There was something wedged between it. Oh. Oh shit. He called out again and moved from the tiller to the other side where he boarded and was jostled further, almost falling into the waters below. The waves were crashing against the boat and spilling onto the deck. He steadied himself on the railing and looked as hard as he could. He saw that bright orange coat and swallowed thickly. That was definitely Ben. Why hadn't he said anything!? or shouted for him? He had to think fast and act faster. The boat jerked as the storm increased. He had learnt to deal with these kinds of things. Perhaps not body-stuck-by-the-boat kind but still. As the force increased he heard the rope tying the boat to the docks give way. which made him remember. She wasn't anchored. Just tied up. She wasn't bloody anchored. Shit. He moved his body towards the roped trying to save it but it was already too late as the boat began drifting out of the docks. And there was no one else on board. Peter rushed to try and grab Benjamin one more time but his body was just floating, a pool of red surrounding his head like a sickening halo. There was no point in getting to him to save him but he had to try and retrieve him, his body, anyway. He hung by and then off the railing and reached forward, pulling the body up and onto the deck as waves crashed into him, him following as it rocked further out to sea. If he couldn't get it to stop then he would become adrift. Too close to the danger zone. He hauled Benjamin over to look at his face, try and save him. But he was met with a disfigured and bloodied head. There were no distinct features but the hair left. The ears were mangled and the eyes missing. The nose and mouth missing. He had gotten caught under the dock, face mauled by the boats jagged sides and the rocks beneath. Unable to call for help. Peter moved back as he felt sick, and then moving the body into the standing shelter. The boat was out of control and the unexpected storm was at it's worse and he had to act quickly. He turned the wheel enough that she could be starboard to the docks. If she went out too far he'd be unable to bring her back enough that she didn't crash into the rocks or dock. He went to the engine and tried to start it to get a better position to anchor. It sputtered up white smoke and failed to start. Her tank was empty. Peter was really starting to hate this John chap. He felt the storm push Sundowner further out and he needed to anchor her. But anchoring was a two man job and there were so many dangers. If he were to stern anchor he wouldn't be able to pull it free and could sink the boat, if he were to get the thing stuck at a bad angle he wouldn't be able to pull it free. But if he didn't he couldn't man the boat into a controllable position with the storm so large. Swiftly turning Peter got the spare Anchor a dropped it over, causing the boat to lurch in that direction as he braced waves crashing over him. Pulling it taught and tying the rope the best he could, the boat stopped moving outwards. It continued to rock constantly but he was able to run into the standing shelter and curl up under the wheel, braced. He ignored the blood pooling by his feet and closed his eyes. Looks like he'd have to wait. The storm raged on for what felt like hours before it dispersed as quickly as it came. He pushed himself up from using his hands on the floor, smearing himself in blood as he stood on shaky legs and walked onto the deck. The sky had opened up to reveal light and the rain ceased. The boat finally stilled and he looked around. There were no other boats in his direct sight. Until he looked behind him to Ramsgate and saw two boats approaching, one of them being the one next to Sundowner when she was docked and the other a familiar sight of maroon and white, Moonstone. His dad was there! He stood out further and waved as they approached. Peter stood as still as he could and waited as they came up and to a still, his dad was on board first, bringing Peter into a bear hug. They were there for a few minutes before his dad pulled back. 'God Peter don't do that to me! I was about to had a bloody heart attack!' His voice had a stern tone but he smiled at him before it quickly fell. 'Pete? Why is there some blood on your-' he reached forward and smeared his thumb over his forehead before looking at Peter's hands and raincoat, 'Jesus Pete! Is this yours! What happened?!' his mind flipped back to a bloody face, unrecognisable and cold as he stood there unmoving. 'Peter? Pete?' His dad moved to hug him again and he hadn't realised he was crying until he let out broken and blubbered sobs. The other boat came over and a man about his dad's age boarded with dark hair. 'Where's Benny? Where is my son?!' He looked at Peter desperately. 'I-I. He's. I couldn't. He f-fell overboard. I d-didn't hear. He got stuck. When I-I pulled him back on board. I couldn't. He was already-I' The man rushed to the standing shelter and Peter began to shake. He heard the man pull the body over and he hid in his father, sobbing further. The man joined him quickly with the most cracked and heartbreaking sob he'd ever heard. He didn't need to look to know he was weeping over his dead, mutilated son. John came out from his father's boat and looked at the scene. He spat some curses and stood there while his dad got him on Moonstone and home. They left the scene in dead silence. Peter was shaking the whole way home. When they got him inside, dried and fed he cried some more before his dad ushered him to bed. Laying in the hammock by himself he knew he wouldn't sleep. There was no George to keep the nightmares away. He tossed and turned, caressed by images of Benjamin for the whole night. And for every other night since. Unless he managed to fall into a dreamless slumber.[Chapter 17] The knock startled him slightly and Tommy turned his head like the others. They had moved from the Alleyway to try and find Heidi again since she was the only hospitable one and even treated Gibson. They found she lived in an old villa, her husband being a railway engineer, and all but her grandson were dead or left her to go to London. She was indeed a widow and decided they could stay there as long as they needed to and try and fit back into normality unless they were enlisted again. Whatever happened first. Heidi moved downstairs first followed by the other three. She moved into the lounge with her cane and sat down with her tea. She looked at them as he cocked a brow. 'Well go on then! I ain't openin' no doors to Spies or Gunners!' what an odd remark. Alright, then. He moved to Alex and pushed him in the direction of the door. He gathered himself and the nearest item for defence, an old fire iron and opened the door. 'what do you want?' He glared and spoke with a gruff voice, with his shoulders tensed before he quickly relaxed them. He whispered to whoever was at the door and gripped the iron tighter, knuckles blooming white. 'Oi old lady! What's the name of your grandson again!?' the bellowing met her in the lounge as she shouted back, just as gruffly might he add, 'Evan! Evan Hansen!' Alex swallowed thickly and moved back and putting the fire iron back into its holder. 'You might want to see this!' she looked at Tommy who was in the doorway, unable to see what was going on, and he shrugged. She got up and Tommy helped her through the doorway before she stopped dead in her movements. 'Well, I'll be! Is that you Ev!? Come 're, Heidi wants a good look at you' Alex moved and a boy about his age was hunched in the doorway. He had soft tussles of blonde hair and green eyes much like Alex, he was also about Gibson's height and littered in soft bruises, a limp arm that was swollen and a busted lip. He was dressed the same as them, green shirt and jacket and brown trousers though he was missing his trench coat. He looked exhausted and wary of the three random blokes in his grandmother's house. Rightly so. 'Granny, I can't really hug right now, uh. My arm is probably broken' She grunted and led him into the lounge shoving the others out the way before sitting him down. 'Tommy make him some food and tea' 'A-alright Ma'am' 'again, just call me Heidi, dear. Now let's get a good look at you' She began addressing Evan as he moved into the kitchen and began making a ham sandwich and put the kettle on, Alex moved in behind him as Gibson stayed rooted, completely lost. The walls muffled them so Alex saw that as a go ahead. 'So, What's up with a grandson turnin' up at ol' Grannies with a mushed arm and bruises. Missing his trench coat and exhausted? He's a combat medic unless he stole that tattered red cross from the dead and if he came from the same train as us, then I don't know what to think' he hadn't noticed the tattered band around his good arm until just now, peering through the door way. 'You're right but-' He grabbed the kettle and began brewing some tea 'I don't think we have the right to intervene, she's letting us stay as long as we want and accepts Gibson. There's no way we could've gotten a better deal Al' He hummed as Tommy grabbed the ceramic tray he placed the lunch on and moved back into the lounge. Alex stayed next to Gibson as he placed the tray on the coffee table. 'Here Ma'am' ' It's Heidi' 'Alright dear, can you eat this while I get the medical supplies' He nodded already biting into one-half of the sandwich. He looked at Tommy and smiled through his food. Tommy politely smiled back. Heidi returned and they sat in silence as she fixed Evan up, cleaning up his injuries and dealing with his arm mentioning they'd have to get the bone setter to come tomorrow as she put it in a sling. About thirty minutes passed before Evan spoke up. 'I missed the train Granny' 'more like didn't take the train' He became flustered as his terrible lie falling apart and Alex scoffed. 'N-no! I really did- alright fine, I didn't want to go back there Granny, I don't want to go back'. Heidi calmed him down some and they all knew what he was referring to. 'Don't worry about it mate, We're in the same boat. Though we can't exactly go back, we don't want to either'. His words managed to calm the other boy down and he held out his good arm. 'Evan Hansen. Pleasure' He shook the hand presented, covered in dirt and then some 'Thomas Benson. The moody prick is Alex and the quiet one is Gibson' That pulled a laugh from his chest. Deep and rich. The rest of the day was spent talking about each other and getting to know Evan. Evan was a Medic on the first hospital boat back at the beaches but it sunk with him and only a few others escaping. He then did what they and almost everyone else did, taking boat after boat to get home. He said he eventually got on a boat called Sundowner and that she was a real girl. Carried them without fault. They explained their trip on Moonstone and left out the fight about Gibson. He gave stories of the men he saved and they, in turn, gave stories about the borders and defending it. The two sides of the conversation admired each other by the end of the long talk and the sun had almost set. Heidi ushered them upstairs, Evan apparently having his own room opposite to theirs. He had enough spare clothes that mostly fit the other two but were a bit big on Tommy before they had dinner made by Heidi, a lovely beef stew, and went to bed for the night. He and Gibson went into theirs as Alex went to his. Some quick kisses later and they were snuggled up in bed, the other bed was forgotten. They slept peacefully and he had his first dream since forever, a lush green field with all of them having a picknick, the sun beaming on their faces before he was suddenly awoke with a thud next door. Gibson moved slightly but since he encased him, Tommy couldn't move or he'd wake him. Their door opened and Alex emerged, Sweat beading on his skin and uneven breathe eyes large and rapidly looking around. He had never seen him look so terrified. More than when he hears a firecracker. He managed to move into a sitting position and keeping Gibson sleeping as he took in the rest of Alex. His hair was messy and he was shaking badly. Eyes glassy from crying no doubt. 'Night terror?' 'Y-Yeah. I-I can't'. He swallowed 'Can't sleep by. G-god damn it. By myself. The n-nightmares. E-each one was you or t-the Frog dyin' over and over. Mostly y-you. To the Jerries. I-I couldn't. I had to check you w-weren't ya know-' His voice wavered before Tommy motioned for him to come closer, he was quickly bear hugged as Alex burst into harsh sobs. He felt his shoulder dampen as he rocked him back and forth. The motion calmed him until he was silently crying. in his arms. He sang softly to him with lullabies since that seemed to help him the most and continued rocking him, before kissing his head and getting him into a better sleeping position on the bed. All three merging into each other. The cover just fits them but with Tommy in the middle, they managed to get into a nice sleeping position. He wasn't surprised that Alex couldn't sleep without them, he sure knew he couldn't without one of them. Gibson shifted slightly as Alex began softly snoring. He moved the cushion into place, raising into a sitting position when he noticed Evan at the door, peering in. 'S-sorry! I just, is he alright? I heard a thud and came to see. He looks better. Shit sorry, I shouldn't be-' he was whispering and gripped the handle harshly. 'It's alright Evan, He'll be fine. We went through that hell together so it's incredibly hard to not be near each other so soon after. Sorry that we woke you' 'No-no god it's fine, glad he's alright. Try to sleep well. Good Night Tom' 'Good night Evan' and he was out the door in his blue striped pyjamas, the door shutting quietly. He laid back down and he felt arms encase him like usual. Pulling him into a soft slumber. The next morning shone through the room window happily, birds singing with vigour outside. He shifted a little and remembered last night, he moved with cerise tinted cheeks and looked at Alex's face. His bruises were healing nicely and his cheeks weren't tear stained like before. His neck's bruise had expanded a little before it began healing. That guy really did a number on him. His hair had smoothed down but was mostly messy due to sleeping. He smiled fondly before he heard Alex speak. 'Oi, Stop being so creepy freckles' He yelped and pushed Alex of the bed, taking the blankets with him. He tumbled to the floor in a heap but grabbed Tommy's wrist and pulled him down with him onto the wooden floor. He grabbed the pillow as he fell and began hitting Alex in the face and giggling. 'What!? That's not fair Freckles, I'll teach yah!' He made a battle cry as he grabbed the cushion and began hitting Tommy with it. 'Wait! Wait!' They were in fits of laughter as they wrestled on the floor, getting tangled in the blankets. 'Gibson! Gimme a hand! Al is playing dirty!' he was brought to the ground under Alex as they fought with the pillow some more. Until Gibson joined in by tackling Alex to the floor, laughing along. Tommy stuck his tongue out at Alex as the door opened, revealing Evan fully dressed. He sighed at the sight of them, 'As much as I'm glad you are having fun, you'll miss breakfast and break the freakin' floor boards. So please refrain from anymore- pillow fighting' and he closed the door with a smile giving them a ten-minute warning before breakfast. They rushed to get changed and ran down the stairs, laughing as they went and shoving each other. They were met with Heidi smirking at them after scolding them for running like a stampede down the hundred-year-old stairs. Then making them apologise to said stairs, which Alex found 'degrading' before they joined Heidi and Evan for breakfast. Today would be a good day.[Chapter 18] He awoke to blackness. He couldn't move and felt heavy. Oh so heavy. He could hear murmurs but couldn't make out anything distinguishable. He tried to open his eyes but couldn't. There was something heavy on top his eyes. Enclosing them. Tight. He tried his voice but could only sputter out a whine. Something moved to his left and George, felt something? someone? Moving the heavy thing on top his eyes. He felt the light return to his eye lids slowly and his hearing seemed to come back to him. So he hadn't lost that then. He heard a woman talking to another woman. So he was in a hospital. He tried to remember what happened but could only remember a man pushing him down some stairs. Everything else was a blur. 'Here dear, let's sit you up. Try not to open your eyes yet' He was moved and a pillow was put behind his back. The woman spoke some more before the light in front of him was dulled. He had a headache and tried to tell the woman but his voice was cracked and parched. He managed to gasp out a 'w-water' and it was handed to him quickly. After he had something to drink he tested his voice again. 'W-where am I? What. What happened?' He tried to project the voice at the woman but didn't know where she was. 'Hospital dear. You've been here for about a month, you damaged your skull pretty bad and you friend brought you in. Been visiting you all this time. Oh, he's such a darling!' the two woman gushed over who he assumed was Peter. God Peter. He left him by himself for a month! He was probably exhausted and definitely grumpy. He felt an anger coil in his gut for some reason as they spoke above him. He decided to try open his eyes. 'Hang on dear! The doctor said it'll be your eyes that are most affected, he needs to be here. Margret bring in !' There was some movement before a male voice appeared. 'Hello George, glad to see you awake. Can we try open your eyes?' The man was pushy and put George on edge. Squirming he tried to open his eyes again. His eyes were tightly shut by sleep so he used his fingers to amble get rid of it. Then tried again. His right eye slowly opened to brightness. It took several minutes before it opened fully and he looked around trying to adjust. It looked perfectly fine, he saw just as well as before. After telling the doctors they clapped their hands together in a small applause and he scribbled something down. He shone a light in the eye and marked some things down muttering 'good, good'. He tried his left eye this time. It took longer to try and open and he sat there for a while only seeing two dark blobs. The nurses looked concerned so he asked, 'H-hey? I-I can't open it' the taller nurse with blonde hair responded first, 'Oh, honey! It. It is open. Both your eyes are open wide' He stilled. What? He focused and his left eye adjusted, he could only see shadows. Nothing else, everything else was just deep black. He began to panic but the nurses calmed him down. They reassured him and the doctor did the same thing as before but with his left eye. As the light shone he saw every shadow in the room and perfectly fine in the other. 'Hmm, the patient, no.105 - has woken up. Right eye and other brain functions are perfectly fine, took a little while to adjust but function just as well as before. Left eye...permanently blind due to back brain damage to the right side' He wrote some things down and then left and he was left with the nurses. They gave him some food and water and talked to him, caught him up on events and then left him to adjust to his new...lifestyle. He was given a mirror to take himself in as they called the Dawsons. He looked pale but otherwise the same but his left eye looked much different. there was a small bit of swelling that had yet to die down, painful to touch as he found out, but his eye looked fine. However, the iris was completely void of colour, appearing cloudy grey and the pupil was undilated to a point where it was needle thin. But still there. The iris was also lined with a dark circle. It looked hideous to George. He couldn't be a fisherman now, no one would trust him on a boat, the Dawsons. The Dawsons would be disgusted he was sure, throw him out. Peter would hate him and he'd be left alone again. he laid back down and tried to remember the incident. He remembered the soldier who was shaking had gone to push Mr Dawson and he had tried to stop him. But he threw him? Yes, down the small stairs and he must have hit the wheel some too. Then. Then? He remembered Peter picking him up? And then laying him on the small bench, covering the wound. He remembered thinking he was going to die and kissing Peter. Then a young man had soothed him and looked after him when he returned consciousness but then fell back in again. And now he was here. Gods, he had messed up real bad. There was no way they would still want him now. A nurse came back in and handed him some more water after readjusting his bandage around his head before she was off. He was at the end of the wing and in a more private bed with curtains. Luckily. It must have been 10-15 minutes before he heard a soothing voice. Though this time it sounded strained and tired. It was followed by Peter's voice but it was harder, more refined than before. But also just as tired as his dads. The curtain moved and he closed his eyes quickly. 'He might be dosing off or resting his eyes, you can try to talk to him' Mr Dawson spoke first. 'George? How are you? You must be lonely. We're here to pick you up now' 'F-Fine. Eyes just hurt a bit that's all' Lies. You liar. 'Well alright, does your head hurt too?' he heard shuffling as someone left the curtain and someone sat down. 'A little, just tight.' 'You want to look at me George' his voice was a telling whisper, he always could see through his small lies. He slowly opened his eyes and had to strain his neck slightly to see sat beside him. 'I-I. Its-' 'Alright George, you'll recover just fine' 'But I can't see my left side! How am I supposed to help you if I can barely help myself!?' his outburst caused to move back slightly. 'You can still help, blindness never stopped anyone for too long. Trust me you're going to be just fine' He rubbed his shoulder as he sat up a small smile on his lips. Mr Dawson returned the gesture and he knew he could trust him enough like he would his own father. 'You must be dying to see Pete' In which he was, but he'd hate him. Wouldn't be able to look at him. 'Y-Yeah. I miss him' Mr Dawson nodded and pulled back the curtains. Peter stood looking down the wing, Blonde hair a shade paler than usual and dark lines under his eyes. He hasn't slept. He looked paler than usual and had a tighter, longer jaw than before and was poised stiffer. As if he was scared of something? Since when was Peter scared? He turned as Mr Dawson spoke to him and George gave him a small smile. He returned the smile but Peter's eyes went from fond to horrified in seconds. He knew it. 'Pete-Peter?' Mr Dawson turned and George looked away but when he looked back Peter was shaking. Badly. 'P-Pete? What's going on?' his father moved him into the chair he was just sat in and called a nurse for some water. 'Peter, listen to me. It's George, not that boy. You are fine. There's no storm or boat. He is in no danger' The nurse appeared with some water and left behind the curtain. 'Peter? I'm fine. You're f-fine, see?' Peter's eyes seemed to change again and he began crying while his dad grabbed his coat and put it around his shoulder. The crying was soft as his shaking died down slightly but the tears down his face made George feel helpless and guilty. What on earth had happened while he was asleep? After he calmed down Peter looked at him and smiled before rushing to hug him across the bed. He hugged back and smoothed his hair down before they broke apart. 'G-geez, Georgie! Don't leave me like that again, I thought you were a goner!' His voice was tight and lower than before. 'Then you better not freak out like that again!' They began laughing, George's unused and Peter's tired. 'Promise?' 'Promise' was his reply as they crossed pinkies. They had a small catch up before the doctor returned saying he had to be moved. They moved him laying down into an ambulance and they were off to the new hospital. With Peter and Mr Dawson by his side. They would be alright. ( AN- ok so about georgies little head, he was hit mostly to the right and since you dont know until it heals, the damage done is mostly pot luck. Though the damage is usually opposite, left to right . right to left. So he would most likely go blind in his left eye. He was also hit in the back, underneath his skull where the eye nerves mostly live, so eye damage would be most probable)[Chapter 19] He was exhausted but every time he closed his eyes for longer than two seconds his face would appear. Bloody and missing. And it made him nearly breakdown every time. He couldn't take sleeping in the hammock or at all so he would stay downstairs and try to sleep on the settee but fail. His dad knew, he just knew that he wasn't sleeping. He was going to exhaust himself to death. He took on more jobs to pay back an intangible debt and would forget to eat sometimes. A funeral was to be held for Benjamin today and Peter refused to turn up. Even though it was as a thank you for saving the body. He knew they all thought it was his fault. He killed the boy. Not anyone else. Him. It was his fault. Him. Him. Him! A couple days passed of this after the funeral before a call came from the hospital. George had woken up! His dad got them into a cab after making Peter fix his shocking attire that he hadn't changed for some time then and they appeared at the front gates. He didn't want to see the disappointment or the disgust. No doubt George would find out and think he killed the other boy and would probably feel like Peter failed him from back in the evacuation. Everything was his fault. Everything. The Hospital was just as it was, miserable, and Peter was long sick of it. They talked to the receptionist and George's doctor brought them to his bed. His dad went in first, he heard some commotion and George's sweet voice. One he missed dearly. His dad pulled the curtain back and he turned to look forward, away from them. He expected that look. One he never wanted to see on George's face. His dad pulled him and he turned and at first, it was George's small, smooth face smiling at him. He smiled back. Secondly, it was Benjamin. Mutilated and in front of him, dripping blood everywhere. He peered down to see his hands covered in blood. You. You. You! The noise was unbearable. So loud he could barely hear his dad or George as it got louder. And louder. He's dead because of him. There's nothing he can do to say sorry, he was going to hell for this. He never stood a chance. Thirdly it was George and his dad giving him water and his dads coat, he was sat on a chair and shaking. He hadn't even noticed. Their voices brought him back from his episode, though they had become a lot less frequent and much shorter, and George kept him grounded again. They laughed and it was his first one in a while. One that was genuine but tired. Then they had to move George and set off back to the docks. He managed to stay calm again. When they got there he saw a small building which humbly stated it was indeed 'East Cliff Practise' a small doctors building among the few in Ramsgate. They got George into one of the beds and the new doctor, Dr Adams, had a talk with his dad while he stayed with George. He laced their hands together once everyone was settled and tried not to think of the boat or Benjamin. He sat in a hard wooden chair as George perked up, asking him about what he'd missed and what the weather was like. He told him everything apart from the Sundowner and talked about Jasper to sooth their minds. He was currently with Mrs Hamilton and was just as anxious as them. He looked around the doctor's practise, a homey residence-like place, with old wallpaper and badly decorated - well, everything. The place was well cleaned and still smelt sterile but death didn't linger in the air. He read the calendar on the wall, 20th of August huh? Where had the time gone? George spoke of some of his dreams he had and about that 'Tommy' bloke who he remembered. Both wondering where he was with his mates and what they were doing. They also agreed that they were probably facing more hell and were probably going to be sent off to war again. Like the others. A sour feeling in his gut followed. his dad returned and said he could stay there as long as he was back for tea and with that, grabbed his cap and was out the door. He was allowed to stay? well, he wasn't leaving then. For the rest of the day, the other two kept each other company until night feel in which Peter didn't leave and instead stayed in the chair right by George who slept on his side facing Peter, their hands still laced together. That night there were no nightmares and he finally slept the whole night. Dreamless, but it was better than no sleep. That morning the sun beamed through the windows waking Peter up as he stretched the kinks on his back, still the best sleep he'd had in a while. Yesterday the doctor had said something about taking off George's bandages today and then keeping him there to rest for a couple days. Peter left the chair and checked the hallway which was empty but the time read nine-thirty-one. So it was already into the work day by quite a margin. A nurse greeted him and went to make them some breakfast as he went to wake George up. He gave him a shove and called his name. Finally, he sat up and opened his groggy eyes. 'W-What?' 'Wake up sleeping beauty, breakfast is coming. You get your bandages off today since you're pretty much all healed apart from your eye which needs some rest'. George hummed as the nurse entered with a tray of food for the two. Two standard English breakfasts, the smell heavenly. They sat down and devoured the eggs and bacon along with the beans and the rest. Smiling at each other as the front door chimed open and his dad walked in. He put his coat and cap on the stand and turned into their room. He looked at Peter sternly, he could only smile back. He felt much better so isn't that a good thing? His dad finally smiled back noticing his eyes looked more lively and turned to the doctor who approached him. They talked for a while before entering the room. 'Alright George, let's take those bandages off. Then give your hair a good, gentle wash'. George nodded and they slowly took the bandage off. It came away clean and they brought George over to a basin and slowly washed his hair, towel drying his locks as he returned to his bed. 'Alright, after 2 months, his head has successfully recovered though it might take time to adjust with his eye and he'll need to stay here for 4 more days to rest fully before discharge'. They nodded and he gathered his things back into his office. George looked much healthier and his skin had its rosy tint returned. He rested for the evening and Peter was forced to go home so he could freshen up and pack things to stay for the other nights. When he returned George brightened up and they stayed in each other's company happily while George rested. Until the 24th arrived. And it all went to hell.[Chapter 20] It was a Saturday and his dad insisted that Peter should help him take some bait crates out of the harbour and down to the fish shops since he was getting too old for it himself. He obviously complied and left George sleeping in the doctors at nine am sharp, dressed in his yellow fishing gear. A jumper per usual and trousers resting beneath his dungarees. Mustard yellow contrasting deep green. He slipped on his boots and they were off. They moved to the harbour after getting breakfast and reached it at half ten. He moved to help bring out the crates from the ships at the docks and moved them the carts, the well-muscled horses (borrowed from the mills) would help take them up to the fish mongers. Noticing how his dad was struggling to carry the crates Peter told him to return to George and make sure he didn't freak out upon waking up and that he could handle the rest with the other lads. He begrudgingly complied and made his way back over on one of the other carriages setting off, they'd be able to quickly drop him off. He'd reach there pretty soon. He started picking up the crates and piling them onto the cart when he heard the softest hum settling amongst the harbour. He paid no mind to it until he noticed a commotion from the front of the harbour. He heard some men shouting and turned to see a group of German bombers overhead. What the? The shouts continued and got more panicked and the one in the lead was shot down, crashing into the front of the harbour, inches to a boat nearby. The shouts got more chaotic as the planes approached. They weren't stopping. People started running to houses and trying to take cover as the wardens ran to ring the sirens. The horses began to panic so he turned to calm them down some, patting one of the necks as he pulled the reigns taught. The one nearest to him bucked and the two of them were trying to escape the cart. The planes came over and shrieked, they were Stukas, and began dropping bombs onto the harbour. Screams echoed as wood and other parts of the harbour were thrown everywhere. The horses squealed as the two of them and Peter were hit by the impact of the blast as harbour planks and debris flew at them. The one nearest to him fell on top of him with its head and neck, crushing him under foot as he saw stars. He gasped and tried to push the draft horses off him as the destruction followed. The bombs continued as the harbour was blown apart, water gushing onto the wood. Shit. Bodies were strewn around and he didn't dare look at their faces. His windpipe constricted and he clasped his eyes shut trying to focus on breathing. He got his chest out from under the horse but his legs and lower torso wouldn't budge. He laid back down and gasped for breath as he felt the water flow around him. The harbour would fall in if it took any more blasts. The planes turned before coming back around dropping more hell as they went. They weren't killing because they had to. They were killing in pure spite. The shrieking bellowed making his ears ring as he finally pulled himself from the horse's body. Feeling his chest expand and he felt his lungs burning like molten iron but ignored it. The Stukas had turned to face the town and continued on their way, bombing as they went. The town. George and his dad were in the town. The part of the pier he was on shifted and he braced before legging it back to the town. He tossed baskets out of the way and continued on as planks beneath him gave way, vaulting crates as he went. He made it to the front Boulevard and halted momentarily. Houses had been pummeled and left in ruin, screaming was in every direction and the wardens were rendered helpless. Ramsgate had never gotten to building Andersons or Morrisons. They didn't think it would come to it. He sprinted forward and towards the doctor's office. He had to warn them. Had to make sure they were safe. Though he doubted he was fast enough he dashed through destroyed lanes and broken fences. Getting cuts and splinters as he went. The planes were soaring overhead, their screams echoing along the walls of broken homes. Why were they here? They hadn't done anything! He dodged some falling debris as he skirted the streets and made it to where the doctor's street was. He could hear the bombs still falling and thundering through the ground as they went. He ran even after his lungs burned and his legs ached. He couldn't stop running. Peter passed a burning building and noticed a young boy stuck by the window, balling his eyes out. His mother and father nowhere to be seen. The planes were still there, still causing agony but the boy would quickly die. He halted and turned back running up to the window. 'Come on lad! Be a big boy now and jump! I've got you!' he had the most unconvincing voice as it cracked as smoke filled the air around him as he reached out his arms. The little boy shook his head and held with white knuckles onto the window sill on his knees. His wailing increased and he must have been at least seven or eight. Peter turned to look inside the building, the back was missing but the stairs were still usable. He was going to hell anyway, might as well save someone while he was at it. He ran into the burning building, grasping a hot bannister as he went and moving over a buried hand. The balustrade gave way making him trip as he rushed up the stairs and into the room where the boy was, he pushed the door down and continued holding his breath in. The smoke gripped his clothing and still pushed their way into his lungs as he scrambled to grab the boy and put him in his arms. Before shifting onto the window sill and jumping over and out of the window and grabbing the ledges down to safety. He ducked into a large hole and placed the boy there, 'Alright little man, I need to get to my family, can you stay right here for me? until some one comes and gets you' he gave a little nod before Peter was running again. The planes were coming back the way they came, back towards their home. Dropping the last bombs as they went. He turned the last street and saw the Doctor's practise ahead, untouched. The Stukas roared overhead and left the remaining bombs in their wake, one dropping near him making him duck into a garden to dodge the blast and one on by the Doctors practise. Taking the roof down with it. He cried out as the planes flew off into the smoke. Leaving the terrifying image of agony in their wake as they dropped the final bombs behind him. He pushed his legs on and ran towards the building. Or what was left of it. The door had been crushed slightly and opening it was going to be a bloody challenge. He pulled at the handle and the frame before deciding to run for it. It gave a slight budge so he tried again. And again. And again until his shoulder went numb. Eventually, the damn thing gave way as he ungracefully fell inside and was met with a concaved ceiling and bricks littered everywhere. The nurse was at the desk and had by the looks of it, been killed by the debris as it covered her and the remains of the desk. He pushed on and down the hallway and turned to George's room. Peering round he saw two hunched forms inside the door frame. He moved closer and called for them, his dad turned first. Both of them were covered in dust and small pieces of wallpaper. But they were alive. 'Pete! By the God's you're alive! I knew I shouldn't have left you by the harbour'. He rushed over to them and George greeted him with a large hug and a wild look in his eyes. 'I-I'm alright, a bit of bruising but I'll be ok' He didn't tell them that his ribs felt shattered and his legs burned along with the ringing in his ears. 'They're gone, N-not coming back today. I came as soon as I-I could' The three took a minute together and walked outside taking in the aftermath. Everyone else did the same thing. The street was deserted and left in ruin, bricks littered left and right and windows shattered, roofs concaved and bodies littered where they fell. Unconscious or dead. The sun had disappeared and replaced with grey clouds and dull life. The birds were long gone and the pavement was covered in debris. They began the small walk home. Hopefully, it would still be standing. While they wanted to help it was best the wardens and search party along with the fire brigade take care of it while they see to their home. When they reached Broadstairs they spotted Mrs Hamilton with Jasper, who bounded towards them. Everyone else was out looking at the billows of smoke and fire behind them. Some men began jogging in to help. But Peter felt too light headed. George greeted Jasper first and was assaulted by licks and sniffs. Mrs Hamilton and his dad exchanged a few words before they continued on their way. They spotted their home and much like the rest of the area, it was safe. They hadn't touched the others. And Peter couldn't feel happier. They walked in and took their boots off like it was any other day. He guessed that's just what they had to do. The three sat down and relaxed, George making them some tea. It must have been about fifteen minutes after that he felt sharp pains encase his chest. His wounds must have caught up to him as his adrenaline dissipated. He heaved and his breathing became shallow. His dad noticed as he hunched slowly and it became hard to breathe. He grasped the arm chair with bloody knuckles and choked out some broken syllables. As he tried to stand the rest faded to black. And Peter felt weightless. (An- ok so this DID happen, on the 24th some bombers came over with the intent of bombing MANSTON, one of our air bases, but their leader was shot down by the harbour men and they preceded to, in revenge, floor Ramsgate in about 15 minutes with about 500 bombs. It wasn't pretty)[Chapter 21] Awaking to his own sputtering and coughing, Peter's chest burned in molten pain. Eyelids flew open and his eyes moved frantically. His chest lurched and the agony increased forcing him to lay back down when he didn't even realise he was up in the first place. His lungs spasmed as he coughed more, throat constricted. There was movement and people were talking to him but he didn't listen. Couldn't hear past the blood thumping through his ears. Gripping his chest caused the strain to increase making him sputter. His chest continued to contract and spasm as the pain shot through his body in waves. It wouldn't settle. He gripped, the sheets? Beneath him and coughed up more spit. His head ached and he felt exhausted. His back arched as he barked more, making the bed rattle. Some one had grabbed his arms and held him down while there was another one his chest making him howl and they quickly retreated. The pain exploded and he held back another scream as there was more movement. His eyes were screwed shut as the arms holding him down shifted slightly but stayed there. His lungs went through some more spasms before calming and he managed to still his breathing. He slowly opened his eyes to see he was on a bed? In James' old room. The one holding him down looked like it was his dad but his eyes were blurry and he couldn't see nor think straight. He was breathing heavily despite the pain and tried to gasp for air. It wasn't working. He heard someone come into the room and through his glassy eyes could make out a white coat. Doctor? Doctor. The arms moved slightly and the white coat approached. No. No hands on his chest. He didn't want anyone near his chest. He shifted but that only made it much worse and he yelped as the pain rushed through him. There was some more movement and he felt his shirt move and a hand on his chest. It moved and as it reached on area his pain tripled. He lurched back and the hand moved away. '...Right side...Fracture...bloomed...Neck to...Arm as well' What? Everything was blurred and he whined in confusion. There was more movement before he felt something over his mouth, breathing softened and his eyes fell closed softly. The next time he woke up there was no one there. James' room was still painted a pastel blue and the blinds were half closed. The sun trickled in and coloured the wooden floors in a warm glow. The door was open slightly and the rug still as tattered beneath it. The room hadn't been used for a while and his desk was still as it was. Littered with pens and paper as well as books Peter never bothered looking at. He focused on his breathing and it scratched at his throat, a dull pain under his lungs. He suspected they were damaged from being crushed by the horse. He pulled himself up slowly and realised he was in his pyjamas and his sleeves were rolled up. Looking at his right arm there was an ugly spread of purple and deep green down the side, plumes of red and yellow mixed within. A deep bruise caused by the horse or the harbour? He couldn't tell. Moving it made him ache so he laid it back down on the bed and decided to unbutton his pyjama top. It took him a minute to unbutton them with one hand and shifted the warm fabric out of the way. once opened a large bruise similar to the one on his arm but with blue instead of yellow bloomed across his chest on the right. It bloody hurt. The bruise flourished by his rib cage and upper shoulder. Wincing he began buttoning up his shirt again. His breathing was shallow and hitched, no doubt from the bruising. He peered at his left hand, noticing some scabs along his palm. they were mostly healed but blossomed a deep maroon as they went, tailing off at his wrist. They must be the result of a burn, the blisters peeling away to scab. After his top was buttoned up again he tried to swing his legs off the bed. It ached but not as much as breathing and he managed to stand. It was tiring but he pulled it off and made his way to the door. He tripped on the rug and fell into the door with an ear-splitting thump, chest burning. He pulled back as he heard rushed footsteps up the stairs. Peter stepped back as the door opened. George came into his view with unkempt hair and tired eyes, the cloud in his left one even darker, along with messy pyjamas. 'Pete!' his was breathing wildly and looked at him with excitement. Smile as wide as that day on the tree. He tried his voice but it cracked and felt itchy. He tried to convey that he needed a drink before George perked up and left the room. Rushing back with a glass for him. He drank it steadily but it felt incredible so tried to drink more of it, making his lungs spasm as he halted and began having a coughing fit. George grabbed the glass and put it gently on the desk before ushering him to sit on the bed as his coughs stilled. 'S-sorry' 'It's fine!' George moved to sit next to him. 'You've got us all worried! You've been out for days! It's almost September and your dad was sure you weren't goin' to wake up!' he was bounding up and down, dark curls bouncing along, as he explained. 'What. What did I mess up this time?' His voice was still rough and dry. 'Nothing! Well, you've fra-fracta-fr-' 'Fractured' 'Yeah! One of your ribs and damaged some others slightly and bruised a lot of your body. They don't know how though. Mr Dawson and the Doctor both agreed you would need a lot of rest anyway.' 'I was crushed.' Might as well tell him. 'W-what?' his brows furrowed and he tried to explain. 'W-when the planes came. I was with the horses at the harbour with the other lads and-' George made him pause so he could regain his breath. 'And the harbour was hit first, the horse came down on me as she was killed. I was stuck for a couple minutes until I could pull myself out'. George shook his head and grabbed his good arm 'Jesus Christ Pete, and the burns? The doctor said you must have grabbed something the way your hand burned'. He nodded as he continued. 'I saved a little boy, grabbed the red hot bannister, was a bad idea but I tripped running up' He pulled a short laugh out and George smiled fondly. 'Alright well, Mr Dawson is out now. You need rest- the doctor is coming back later to check on you, awake or not. come one'. He pulled him into bed carefully and tucked him and left with the glass from before, closing the door softly. It wasn't long until he fell asleep again. The third time he woke up and there were three people in the room. Opening his eyes he felt a lot better, chest heaving properly and only a dull ache. He lifted himself and they all looked at him happily. George was sat in the desk's chair giving him a happy smile and his father and the white coat, who he assumed was the doctor, were standing at the door talking. He was in a different set of Pyjamas and it had short sleeves. He looked at his arm to see the bruise all but gone, a little brown and green around the side but other than that healthy. How long was he out? He started unbuttoning his shirt to check his chest and George squealed and the other two looked at him. 'Ah ah! Young man don't do that, you'll hurt yourself!' 'Pete, how are you feeling?' George was red to his ears and looking out of the window instead and the other giving him a fond smile as he dropped his hands. 'Better, my arm doesn't hurt anymore' The doctor came over and checked his arm, scribbling some notes down as he went. 'Alright, you can take your top off, slowly and with care' He did as he was told and he looked a lot better. The large bruise was all but gone apart from in a small area of yellow and deep brown halfway down his rib cage and was surrounded by a purple ring.' The doctor prodded him some and at one point it was painful, not like before but it still hurt. The doctor noted this and pulled away and he put his top back on slowly. 'Good, you have healed nicely in the seventeen days you've been all but dormant for. The rib has probably almost healed, though I suggest you ease off on it for a couple of months and then after. Your eighth ribbed was fractured by-' he trailed off as Peter re-told the incident, the man writing it down and his dad giving him a very concerned look. 'right, being crushed. Your arm should be completely fine in a couple of days and your burns have healed nicely but I suggest you heal up in bed for another week before you start doing every day things again. And certainly, no going out on those boats' he had turned to his dad as he spoke who quickly agreed. He forgot about his burned hand. He looked down and noticed there was a pale scar where the burns were, blooming upwards across his palm. 'I am highly impressed you managed to run and do more even physical labour with the rib like it was, but you shouldn't do that sort of thing again. You heal fast, I've only seen a few like you in my career' He nodded and the doctor finished up some things as he dad showed him out of the door. He had no idea what day it was but it e guessed it would be at least mid-September. George chatted to him as he fell into another vacant but pleasant slumber. When he woke up again for the first time in a while he felt alive again, able to get out of bed with ease and his chest no longer burned and he took in a deep breath. And exhaled. He could breathe again. He trekked downstairs to see his father reading the Sunday newspaper and George cuddling with Jasper who jumped up to greet him. His father nodded at him and told him breakfast would have to be toast today. After eating some buttered toast and having something to drink he was ushered back upstairs to have a bath and get changed. The bruising was all but gone and he could put some pressure on his rib without any pain. His arm was at full capacity and he felt a lot better after cleaning off all the dirt and other fragments stuck in his hair from the bombing. That's what it had been. A bombing. Completely uncalled for but it had still happened. Still taken lives and ruined homes. He tried not to think about it as he moved downstairs and sat on the settee with Jasper on his lap, relaxing with an intake of the air he missed. Life would have to carry on. Though that wasn't an entirely bad thing either.[Chapter 22] The first month under the Hansen household had been eventful. His shoulder healed within the first few weeks, leaving a scar on his shoulder, while Gibson's was taking some time but had drastically improved, scabbing into a large mass on his back. It would eventually peel away and reveal the marred skin that had been left behind. The first few days were spent settling in as Heidi was adamant they were going to stay along with Evan, whose arm had been fixed by a bone setter and sling. It was an early afternoon when Alex made the great idea to try and learn Gibson's real first name and to get him to understand there's. Easier than it sounded. 'No no. Not lec. A-L-E-X' They were sat in the lounge area, seated on plush chairs, with a coffee table between them. A frustrated Alex trying his hand on a piece of paper and a poor Gibson trying to understand it. 'Al-lec' 'No. Again. A-L-E-X' Tommy was sat amused by the whole situation. How had they moved from those beaches to this cosy room? It was all beyond him. A few more tries later and Alex flung the pencil down, groaning into his hands. Gibson gave him an apologetic smile. The coffee table was bamboo and well varnished, an antique they didn't deserve, and their three Dog tags sat among the pieces of paper scattered there. The light was a warm afternoon glow and settled on their happy faces. 'Here Al, give it to me, You're the epitome of uselessness' 'Oh come. on! That's not fair!' He nabbed the paper and turned to Gibson and began slowly. He wrote out a capital A in elegant writing he had picked up as a child. And pronounced it a few times. Gibson caught on and said it with him. 'Good' He nodded and moved to write an L out and said it aloud a few times as well. Gibson following along. He continued on with E and X before putting them together, 'A-L-E-X, Alex' 'A-Alex' his accent was thick but they could eventually pass it off as Canadian. 'Good!' Alex cheered and they moved on to his name. he wrote out a T-O-M-M-Y before pronouncing each letter and then together. 'Tommy' he said while pointing to himself with the pencil. 'Tommy' His voice was gruff and just right and he and Alex cheered. He pushed the pencil into his hand and passed the paper across the table before pointing at Gibson. He wrote out an R-O-U-S-S-E-L in incredibly elegant writing 'Russel? Roussel?' He nodded at the second one. 'Alright Russel, nice ta finally meet ya mate!' Alex threw out his hand and Roussel shook it, replying 'Alex' and then turned to him. He smiled and stated, 'It's Roussel Al, put a bit more 'oomph' into it' as Alex shoved him nearly off the chair. He shook Roussel's hand as he stated a 'Tommy' in his thick accent and the rest of the day was spent teaching him the alphabet. Which wasn't too hard, the two languages were sort of similar. They moved onto basic greetings such as 'hello' and 'thank you' as the sky darkened and Heidi got Tommy to cook for them. How she had guessed was beyond him. They were all surprised he even had it in him. 'Comes with growing up with just a mum and older sister. I'm pretty much a spitting image of the two combined' as they all laughed over a carousel he had made. Roussel finally able to thank him which felt wonderful. Evan had been out for most of the day doing groceries and talking to people in the town to look for jobs they could get. Another step back into normality they had to take. When he returned he was well worn and slightly covered in soot and had a bag of food. He placed them into the pantry and joined them for dinner as Tommy got him a serving. 'Well, turns out the railway needs some men. Hard labour and all that. The Post Office needs a post boy and the Grocer a grocer's boy. I was thinkin' that Alex and Roussel would take the railway jobs and Tommy you could try one of the other two' 'Grocer boy sounds about right, Evan you can take post boy if you want mate' 'Sure, why not' Heidi agreed and they went to their designated jobs after the next few days. He left after Alex and Roussel who had to leave early to get the shift. As he left the air had a bitter Autumn feel, brown and orange colours swirling within the dirt path. It took him about fifteen minutes to get to the Grocer and was met with the same man as before. He was moving fruits around as the door chimed startling the man, 'Oh! Gosh didn't see you there son, what are you doing here so early?' He moved to meet him at the door. 'Wait. Are you one of those lads from before? With the crates?' He nodded. 'Thomas Sir, I was looking to see if you had a job position still open?' 'Why of course! Grocer boy, you'd be here every day apart from Sunday per usual, I could do with the extra hands'. He accepted the job offer and was told he would start work that day, as he was passed a brown apron. The shop was a medium size, a large shop window elegantly displaying some of the more exotic foods and cheeses. The rest was of a similar fashion. Biscuits had their own corner, garnished with shortbread and gingerbread among others. There was a large shelf full of a variety of tea and a long table of jams by the till. The till was silver and grey and sat on a large oak desk and the rest of the shop was decorated with cosy paintings and sun-kissed orange walls. The Grocer, Mr Johnson as he found out. Lived upstairs like many do and lived alone. The business 'Johnson's Grocer' was family run per usual and had a warm atmosphere. his job was simple enough, sort out the stock and help shift items around and man the till on what would be rare occasions. Guide people if they couldn't find something and try to be nice. He would be paid around four pounds every week, 230 shillings. That'd be plenty when paired with Alex and Roussel's wages. His first day was rather easy going, not much happened and he managed to get the job done without much hassle. He hung his apron up and washed his hands in the small basin in the back room and said goodbye to Mr Johnson. Leaving the Shop at about five-thirty-five as he made his way out of the town. The air was crisp as the sun was setting earlier around this time. He noticed the wardens were already out and patrolling, one of them giving him a stern look, probably a sign he should get going. Though the bombing in London and a few sea towns, Ramsgate seeing the worst of it as he read in the newspaper, so far Ashford and most of the country were left untouched. Though that was unlikely to stay that way. He got to the dirt road when the sun was completely gone and made his way up, opening the door he was greeted by darkness, the only light coming from the lounge. He kicked his boots off as he closed the door. Making his way into the room he noticed Heidi in her rocking chair knitting and Evan reading the newspaper, obviously done with his rounds for the day. He hoped. 'Hey Evan, did you get the job?' 'Yeah, yeah. Quite simple but tiring. I get five pounds a week. Though I have to work Sundays too, you?' He moved to sit in one of the chairs by the coffee table as he replied, 'Unlucky. Yeah, the man Mr Johson gave me the job. 230 shillings a week, Monday to Saturday. it's a nice job so far' Evan nodded and went back to reading. He settled in for a minute before he asked 'Hey, were are the other two idiots?' Heidi answered first after coughing 'Not back yet, I told 'em not to let the guys there push them around but they probably have to work longer and then walk home. And can you get some dinner on deary, I would love some shepherds pie' Her smile was cunning and he knew he didn't have a choice. 'Of course Ma'am' He stood up and walked to the kitchen as she shouted back 'It's Heidi for the last time!' His smile was fond as he sat about making the pie for when the other two got home. It turned to half seven and the pie was in the oven and nearly done when he heard the door open and the most frustrated noises he'd heard in a while. Boots were kicked off in a tantrum as Alex stalked in, barking something to Roussel. Tommy sighed as he cleaned up the rest of the kitchen ready for dishing up. 'Well look at that, that's a sight I could get used to! Some home cooked food' Alex's voice was taught behind him and he heard Roussel shuffle in as Heidi shouted 'Don't touch any walls you filthy buggers!' as he turned around. He giggled at the sight of them, Picking up the nearest kitchen towel. Alex and Roussel stood there smeared in oil and soot, shirts as black as their hands, bright eyes surrounded by tired lines. Hair absolute messes and bright smirks. 'You can tell me about it at dinner, now off you go. Get that filth off of you. And don't touch any walls!' He shooed them away as he realised he was turning more and more into Heidi. And his older sister. The two grunted as they moved upstairs to clean up. He dished up the pie into five plates and placed them on the dining room table that Evan had kindly set. Heidi and Evan sat first as Tommy poured them all some wine, a treat from Heidi's cellar, and the two boys emerged from the stairs. Both were finally clean and wearing some extra clothes Evan had got them a few days ago though they had yet to go and buy their own. They dug in and Alex began to talk animatedly about their day. He started off by saying they worked with getting trains sorted as they arrived, as well as manning the tracks. The extra labour was strewn within. Earning about six pounds each, sometimes they would have to be called in on Sundays apparently. He then began to let off steam and talk about an 'absolute plonker that didn't know what he was doing and nearly died' and Roussel seemed to get the vibes and who he was talking about as he nodded. The whole table continued to be filled with laughter and stories. Heidi and Alex having a witty remark battle throughout. He had never felt more at home.[Chapter 23] It was towards the end of September when Roussel called him into the bathroom, as he entered he noticed the scab was ready to come off, Roussel handing him some equipment. He felt as if they had come full circle, as he was the one to first treat the wound. He sat him on the bath, facing in, as he got to work. Using a tile and tweezers he gently pulled at the peeling scab. He held a towel underneath to catch it as it broke away and placing it on the white tile. The largest chunks fell first, leaving a dark scar behind, twisting around the areas where the Shrapnel had first lived. He pulled the smaller piece until the whole scab was gone, tiny beads of blood popping up in the areas not quite healed though they were minor. He grabbed a cloth and some soap, gently washing the scarred skin before drying it and letting Roussel know he could turn around and put his shirt back on. Roussel turned and gave him a chaste kiss before standing up and taking the equipment with him to wash up. It was a Sunday and while Evan was at work, Alex had gone into to town to pick up the Sunday round. They made their way downstairs and were met with a note from Heidi. Dear the two sleepy love birds (yes I can tell. don't stress dear, I've seen worse and I can have no say in who you love), If you could weed the garden for me while I'm out loves, Alex will be back and you can make him help you with it. Evan will be awhile as will I. You can eat whatever you wish and I expect a lovely dinner when I get back at half six sharp! ~ Your favourite old hag His cheeks heated as he put the note in his trouser pocket while grinning like an idiot and told Roussel to go to the garden while he got the equipment. They had continued teaching Roussel English and he had managed quite a lot in two months, understanding simple sentences and phrases. As well as quite a lot of words. He made a mental note to make chicken for dinner and got the herbs ready and on the counter. They had gotten a letter from the Ministry of Information telling them that rationing would begin after Christmas, and he knew he would have to change the way he cooked meals to meet the food shortage. After he had the preparations sorted he moved out to the garden to see Roussel already had the equipment sorted and held a cocky smile. He closed the door behind him and gave Roussel a kiss on the cheek before settling down to help weed the garden. He had no idea what their... relationship had come to but decided it was better than what he would ever need despite them having to keep it secret. 'Alex will be home soon Rous' ' He had to keep his sentences simple to help him adapt and learn the language, it would take some time before he could pass off as Canadian. 'Alright, mon amour' He never knew what he was saying other than when the words matched up but guessed he was usually using words of endearment, making him smile. 'You know I can never understand your posh French dear' 'I know' His words were always to the point with his restricted vocabulary and Tommy didn't know when he started using his own endearments in secret but didn't bother to change it. He liked it just the way it was. Roussel was pulling out various weeds and he decided to prune the roses as well as cut the bushes with the knife and cutters when they heard someone enter the house. Alex appeared in the garden shortly and laughed at the way they looked. He peered at a window and noticed how they were both dirty and their locks were covered with leaves and his petals. Not to mention the grass stains and dirt on their clothes. He laughed along as Alex came further into the garden. 'Well you have to join us, Heidi said so' He stuck out his tongue as Alex threw some of the weeds at him and they were soon running around the garden throwing grass and weeds at each other. Roussel looked unamused as his neat pile of weeds were scattered and forced Alex to pick them up as they continued to finish up the garden. When they were done and had disposed of the weeds they took in their handy work. The garden was medium sized and bordered with rose bushes, all trimmed neatly thanks to Tommy, the grass had been cut and weeded and trimmed around the edges. It's circular shape more prominent. Alex had trimmed the hedges at the back and refilled the bird bath and cleaned the fountain of green moss. Tied in with the sunlight it really was beautiful. It was only then when he realised he had yet to start dinner. He squealed a 'Chicken!' as he ran back inside, taking his gloves off and rushed to the kitchen. It was six pm and Heidi and Evan would be home soon and it would take longer than an hour to make. Bugger. Alex and Roussel must have put the equipment back when they entered the kitchen to see him dashing about, pots and pans in hand and a chicken on the counter. They tried to help but knocked herbs onto the floor and spilt cooking oil so he ushered them out with a shout. They probably made their way upstairs to get washed up. He moved to season the chicken and put it in the oven before starting on the roast potatoes. And then the veggies. He finally had the chicken and sides in the oven together at six-twenty-five and if his shouting and cursing were anything to go by, the other two were probably staying out of his wrath. He began cleaning the kitchen and washing up the dishes and was done by six-fifty-five. Evan and Heidi had yet to come home. He began to worry his lip. What if they were hurt? Or got stuck without help? He wanted to send Alex or Roussel to go out and fetch them but they could be bombed tonight. He went back to fixing up the chicken and ignored the nervous flutters in his stomach. When it was ready and he had set the table he dished up for the three of them, leaving the other's portions in the oven. He called the two of them down and double checked the door as Alex appeared first. 'Still not back yet?' 'No, and I'm worried. What if they're hurt, or stuck. Or-or been bombed-' 'You're frettin' again, it'll be fine Freckles' and that was it as they sat and ate in comfortable silence. Alex began a story from today about some 'young girl losing her doll on the tracks while he was there and he most definitely put his life on the line to get it back' as there was a knock at the door. Tommy was up first and went to answer it, letting his dinner go cold. There's no way this could be anything good. When he reached the door the knocking got frantic, more rapid. He opened the door to reveal a man, red faced and holding a roll of black material. 'Black-out curtains for your house, should be enough there, They're being given out to the whole town' He was out of breath as Tommy took the thick roll 'Sorry I probably scared you something silly son, just put those curtains up tonight you can buy more in town, blasted Germans won't be able to see us. And while I'm here, blackout starts earlier now, there will be no lamps lit, and keep your light to a minimum' 'T-thank you sir' he began walking away before turning and shouting 'And put some tape on those windows! Blast proof' before jogging some more and again shouting 'And use coal fires to keep warm!' and then disappearing into the thick darkness. He closed the door and went back into the dining area, placing the rolled up curtains by the door. The other two eyed him curiously as he explained, sitting back to finish his meal. 'Those two aren't back yet, I'm getting really worried now- it's blackout they can't see anything, what if-' 'Relax Freckles, they'll be fine. Evan's with her after all. Here- after dinner, I'll put those curtains up with Roussel' Who also nodded, 'Well. Alright, I'll tape the glass, we should have something around' They finished up their food and he washed up as they other two began putting up the curtains, he left the oven on low in hopes the other two would return soon. He eyed the clock, eight-fifteen. It was getting late. He went into the back cupboard where most tools were kept and found a roll of tape and began taping the windows in long Xs as the other boys put the curtains up. By the time they were done there were only 3 windows left and they were upstairs where all lights were off. They'd be fine for now. Alex and Roussel moved to the Longue as the door opened and he heard footsteps. He rushed to greet the people at the door and saw Heidi and Evan scuttle in. They were safe. Unharmed. He hadn't realised he was crying until Heidi had him wrapped in his eyes and Evan moved to grab him some water, maybe? He sobbed some as Heidi apologised. 'Oh love, I'm so sorry. I didn't think I would put you in this state for being late. Oh honey, hush. We're fine. Not a single scratch. See?' her voice was smooth and laced with concern, she pulled back slightly and then hugged him just as tightly as soon as she saw the tears. 'We had to go to the broker to sort some things out and then had to stay in a cafe while the black out began. We left as soon as we could. Hush love' She moved him into the lounge where the other two were and they were quickly alert and worried. Evan passed him some water as he calmed down, Roussel rubbing circles on his back. 'S-sorry, I can't- you worried me is all. I can dish your dinner up. It's still warm' He moved to sit up as Heidi pushed him down gently as he sniffled. 'Evan can deal with it, you just relax.' He stopped crying and calmed down, they were safe. They were all safe. 'The man gave us the black-out curtains, We cleaned the garden something good too. And Tommy even stressed him self out to make you dinner, ya should be grateful!' Alex told them off some more as they sat and ate their meal, again telling him how good it was. Everything went back into comfort as his little stress passed, the others cheering him up as they went. When it finally got late they all retreated to bed, snuffing out the fire Evan had been burning in the brick fireplace, and turning lights off. The three of them snuggled together like usual, Though over the few weeks Evan had joined them and slept in the bed opposite. They didn't protest as he simply said, 'I have nightmares of that place a lot'. Soon they all fell into a cosy slumber. (AN- so we're settling down now, though we're still in 1940:'DD coming into 41 soon though! Will be longer than I thought)[Chapter 24] When he was finally allowed to leave their home, the fresh air made Peter feel alive again. It was early October, covered with dull clouds and a white sky, and he had finally been considered recovered enough by his dad and George to leave the home without getting himself killed. They had told him that the town was mostly flattened and the townspeople had gone to hand carving out a small underground city, the feeling of another bombing in their hearts. His dad mentioned it would take them about a year but they were well into the excavation. George also animatedly spoke to him about getting used to his sight, or lack there of. He was still bumping into things but the lack of his sight made him have better hearing. Or whatever that meant. He was also incredibly doubtful about himself and his appearance and it took a lot of cuddles and talking to get him to think otherwise. When he finally walked to the town he realised they weren't wrong. The houses were hollow shells and though there had been a massive clean up of most of the debris and brickwork, it made Ramsgate look like a ghost town. He made his way to the harbour and he took in the way it was crooked, marred by the raid. The lifeless bodies of boats that would never sail again were among the broken harbour. For once he was happy that they had docked Moonstone away from the harbour and into the end docks. There were stacks of broken nets and baskets, long forgotten and the town felt empty. He stood there for a while before he heard someone running towards him. He turned to see a tall blonde woman already in her winter coat. She was slightly out of breath as she motioned to hold on a second. 'Are, are you ok Ma'am?' She looked at him with bright eyes, 'Peter? Is that you Peter?!' He looked at her with worry, 'Uh, I mean. Yes, I am. I'm...sorry? But do we know each other?' 'Oh! Not by name but, you were the boy who would visit George no?' Oh. She was a nurse then, from the hospital. 'Yeah, I'm his close friend, he lives with me and my dad. Why? Did something happen?' He put his hands in his trouser pockets as she continued. 'Well, golly! We thought you were dead! From the bombing, of course, we haven't seen you in town in weeks! and by us, I mean the town' dead? Last time he checked he was very much alive. 'Well- I've been bedridden for the past month, damaged my self-something horrid. Though I'm sure you don't want to hear about it' Her eyes flickered to worry as her brow furrowed. 'Well, I'll be! Since we didn't see you at the remains of the hospital, We thought you'd died. Fallen into the sea or something. Didn't realise you were at home!' Remains? He moved to look back into the town. 'What happened to the hospital?' 'Oh! All of her east and south wing were pummeled. We couldn't get everyone out in time. Though we got most! The whole raid i believe killed thirty-one, injured forty-nine and you were one of the ten or eleven that we assumed were seriously injured or missing. It's great to see you healthy again!' 'Well, thank you, Ma'am, but I must be going now. Things to check up on and such. Have a lovely rest-of-the-day' She excused herself and hurried off with a wave. He had come into town with the intent of grabbing some more lures for his dad, but he didn't even know if the shop was still standing. Walking the rest of the Boulevard as he turned the corner to see the shop was open but had lost some of its roof. He stepped in with the bell's chime and had a quick conversation with the shopkeeper and then buying some lures for his dad. He left in good spirits and made his way home, lures in his pocket. As he passed the beach, rocks would merge in his eyes, shaped like a limp body or a bloody face. He looked away and focused on walking forward. He hadn't had another episode since, well before the bombing, mind too occupied. He'd hope he wouldn't have another one soon or even better. At all. That was unlikely, unfortunately. He walked up the road to their street and noticed Mrs Hamilton, she was struggling to walk and was near the edge of the road, a harsh cliff beside her. She looked exhausted and trembling. He knew she had a hard life, struggled since her husband was killed in some stupid and highly illegal duel. He made his way across the road quickly and grabbed her before she fell over. 'P-peter? I-is that you dear? I'm not feeling so good, coul-d you take me h-home' She hobbled before collapsing in on herself, Peter bracing them as they fell to the ground. Her walking stick fell upon the road, skipping as it went. 'Mrs Hamilton? Mrs?! Hold on alright, I need to get you to a safe area' Not another one. Please, not another one. She fainted into his arms and he just sat there. Her dress and coat flowing around them, marron mixing in with the cool greys of the path. Peter had to remove the images of water on a deck and blood stains as he heard a horse and cart. Air wardens? He turned to see two black horses turn up the road. The green cart with the white showing him it was an air warden. Calling out to them as they turned, they picked up the pace to meet him. The first one got off, the other staying at the reigns and he came to meet him. 'She, she fainted. I-I couldn't' 'It's alright son, you did the right thing getting to her, who know's when we would have found her if you hadn't' The gruff man picked her up and they got her onto the cart, turning around to go to the hospital he guessed. Leaving Peter to stand as the rain came on, making his hair stick to his skin and his woolly jumper soggy. He turned to head to his home. He noticed that the kitchen light was on so someone must be home. He knew Dad was out with Moonstone and George had been out with Jasper when he left. He kicked his shoes off as he entered and George peered around the kitchen door. 'Oh! You're home! I thought you'd be gone for longer than that' He nodded as he moved into the kitchen to see George making a simple lunch and grabbed an extra plate, probably for him. 'Did you see Mrs Hamilton walk by about ten minutes ago Georgie?' 'hmm, Not from where I am no' he turned to take in his attire completely 'Gosh Pete you're soaked through' he put the butter knife down and peered out the window, 'you should have said. Come on up you go, get some fresh clothes on' George ushered him up the stairs and returned to the kitchen. Once he was changed him re-entered the kitchen to see sandwiches set out on two plates, a glass of water for George and a pint for him. As they sat down and began eating he continued. 'She passed out. Mrs Hamilton. I went to see if she was alright, Wardens picked her up. I swore she was dead. Like-Like him' He felt George rub his shoulder and smile. 'It's alright, you did the right thing, you can tell me about. Him. If you want but I'm fine either way. We can talk about other things-I' 'It's alright I owe it to you' 'Peter you don't owe me anything'. He checked the clock, one-fifty, and the window. It was very much still raining. 'When you were in the hospital, the season was cut short, due to what happened in May we can't fish that far out. So I took up other jobs to help dad. One of them was to clean a boat with-with another lad' George was nodding and purely interested, their sandwiches finished. He took a swig before continuing. 'It was weird weather that day, I didn't expect it to-to storm like it did. We were cleaning the boat and I- I heard something enter the water. I- I should have but I didn't check up on the other boy' This was going to be difficult, 'And the storm started, mad as hell Georgie, I couldn't even see it was that mad' Their drinks were long forgotten. 'The boat was rocking and I couldn't control it, it wasn't hitting the dock either, I scrambled to, to check' He couldn't look him in the eye. 'The lad was there, in the water. I-I pulled him out and-' Images of his face lapped in his head and he must have been shaking as George turned him and held him tight. Both squeezed on the kitchen chair. This time he managed not to cry and continued the story until he got to where his dad picked him up on Moonstone. 'So-so there, I killed a lad- and when I saw you when you woke up. I saw him, his face on yours. I couldn't take it-and-' 'It's alright Pete' they hugged tighter, 'But you didn't kill that boy Peter. even if it was unfortunate. You couldn't have changed anything alright. Don't worry about it' He looked at him and smiled, silvery white and hazel eyes shining up at him. And suddenly they were kissing again. He didn't think George remembered the first one but apparently so. He settled his hand behind his neck and held him in the embrace on the chair, deepening their kisses. When they pulled back eventually they both had messy hair and red cheeks, 'I didn't think you would remember the first one' George shook his head, smiling fondly. 'You can be a real idiot you know?' Peter sealed their lips to stop him laughing at him. The rest of the day was spent with butterflies in his stomach and serenading George in kisses. For the rest of the year, they celebrated George's birthday, 20th November, and he was now eighteen years old and allowed to finally drink alcohol. As soon as he tasted a pint he swallowed it with a grimace and asked for water instead. Forever weak with alcohol. Peter always bought him flowers every other week so he could refill the vase with his favourites, it burned holes in his back pocket but Peter could care less. But for his birthday he got him the most exotic he could find, lilies and roses, sat elegantly in a new vase Mrs Hamilton had got him. Made of glass and decorated with poise. Mrs Hamilton as he also found out was healthy and hadn't eaten much that day, making her weaker when she was out. George decided they should give her Sunday dinner every week and they soon did and it became a small tradition. When Christmas rolled around he realised he had to find George something but didn't know what to get him. His dad didn't know about their relationship, better he didn't, so he'd have to ask someone in the town to help. George was spending the day with his dad on the boat and he was still unable to go out with them, His dad insisted his ribs would give way and he would have to wait until January. So he left the House with Jasper in tow, trotting by his feet, his winter jacket on and the same old jumper and trousers. He put his wellies on as the weather just left sleet and wet mud instead of crisp white snow. The walk down was slower than usual, he still worried about falling even at his age of 19, and he reached the town soon enough. It was still unbearably cold and he felt it in his bones, waving at people as they passed. The underground system had been coming along nicely and they had yet to be bombed again. He saw a strange sight of a traveller with their cart, Irish probably, with a Gypsy horse standing by the harbour. Their wares glimmering in the sun. They would surely have something unique for George. Peter trudged up with Jasper bounding in front of him and the middle-aged woman noticed them immediately. 'Hello boy! Have you come to buy something for that special someone?' she had long curly dark hair and dressed in wild clothes, knitted in an array of colours. her teeth were crooked giving her a lisp in her thick accent as she smiled. Her eyes were a blue based silver and sparkled as she talked. Should he really be buying from this lady? 'Y-yeah, I just don't know what to get hi-her. Her' she laughed and pointed at him as she cackled out 'Can't pull the wool over my wee eyes laddy! So what does he like? I have everything you could need' He blushed due to being caught and the cold weather as he explained his predicament. She nodded and smiled before ducking down. She rummaged around for a while before popping back up, an item in hand. Jasper sniffing at the cart and the horses being entertained. She brought out a small blue box and opened it, revealing a silver pendant in the shape of an anchor. Long, smooth rope for a chain and a small blue gem in the centre of the Anchor, 'My Hope' written up the stalk of the anchor in small but elegant handwriting. It was about the size of his thumb pad. 'He'll love it, you are both Fisher's right? I assumed from the fact you live here. I would say he loves blue. You can have it for 13 and a half shillings, box and all' Her smile was soft and slightly crooked and he grabbed his pouch from his coat pocket. He pulled out fifteen shillings and handed them to her, he picked up the box and stuffed it in his pocket. George should like it. 'Thanks, Ma'am. Please, keep the change' She brightened as he waved while walking back into town while calling for Jasper to follow, with her yelling a 'good luck laddy!' in her Irish accent. The rest of the day was spent looking through other stalls and picking up some bread and butter like George had asked him to, as well as checking in with the nurse from before who was also shopping for her significant other. By the time he had made it back home the windows had been blacked out. The town must have gotten their curtains then. He stepped in and pulled off his wellies, the box safely tucked away. Jasper trotted in after him and shook his fur, getting cold water in Peter's face before running into their small lounge. He heard his dad greeting him from the lounge and he joined them, George at reading a book on fishing like always. 'How was your day Pete?' 'Great, great. Yeah, the town is still as lively as always despite everything.' His dad nodded and George bounced up and down slightly. He cocked his eyebrow as he asked 'What?' the 'love' went unspoken. 'It's Christmas soon silly! In 3 days!' Their tattered and incredibly old calendar on the wall displayed it was indeed the 22nd. 'You're not wrong, excited for presents?' he replied a quick 'yes!' before they were chasing each other up the stairs, Jasper yipping as his dad sighed while they rushed into their room. They quickly fell into their typical cuddle position and fell asleep forgetting all about dinner. The days up until Christmas day were spent snuggled up or buying food for the dinner his dad wanted them to cook together. As one of his small traditions. On Christmas day they all sat in the lounge and on the settee as well as the arm chair, their radio playing a typical Christmas music themed station. He got more jumpers from his dad, like always, and some other trinkets. Jasper got another bandana and George and Peter got his dad a vintage fishing rod with their money put together. His dad was very happy. He hadn't forgotten about the necklace but George seemed to beat him to it when they were in his, though basically their, room in the evening after a hearty home made Christmas dinner. 'Here! I got something for you! It's not much though' He held out a little purple bag, tied with a thin ribbon. 'This lady with a caravan helped me pick it out. Wait. Caravan lady? 'Was she Irish?' 'Yeah! Wait, did you meet her too?!' He pulled out his blue box 'Yeah, I got something for you too' they both began laughing until they were hunched over. What a serendipitous event. They passed the presents over, both sat on his hammock ( he'll always prefer it over a real bed), and slowly opened them. He unwrapped the bag to reveal a bracelet of some sorts. A piece of rope intertwined with dark leather. He slipped it on and was awe in how it fit his hand so well. The rope was also intertwined with a deep maroon ribbon, one of his favourite colours thanks to Moonstone, and felt sturdy on his wrist. He looked up to see George had opened the box and was, crying? 'What's wrong?! Do you not like it? I can-' he was tackled into a hug as George began laughing, 'I love it! It's perfect. That lady really knew what she was doing. Thank you! Here put it on my neck. Come on!' He pulled back and pecked his lips before scooting around so Peter was facing his back. 'Alright alright, slow down love. Here' He grabbed the pendant and pulled it around George's neck and clipped it before peppering his neck with kisses, making him giggle. When they had gushed over each other and he had said his thanks in return, after a while they fell into a slumber in the hammock as it lulled them to sleep while swinging softly. (AN - ok so i'm shattered :'D uni/college is murdering me so i'll post the next four now, i'm off tomoz yayyy- anyway, thanks for reading~)[Chapter 25] (Light warning here, there is some uncomfortable scenes) It was a Saturday and everyone else was out of the house while Tommy got the day off from Mr Johson, telling him to have some rest and it was about nine am when there was a knock at the door. He was sat in the dining room reading 'The mysterious case of Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde' when he heard the resounding thuds. When he got to the door it was the air warden and had a large wheel barrow full of cardboard boxes. 'Cheerio Son, I think I've seen ya around a few times, I was wondering if your household was missing any gas masks. We got the new shipment in today. We don't want anyone to not have one after all' He was a tall man with a scruffy beard and was looking at him weirdly, Tommy felt like he'd seen him before. It was a bit odd for someone to be handing them out, usually, you would go get them yourself, which they had yet to do. 'Oh! Yeah, We have-four, no five! Five residents here' The man went to grab five of the boxes and handed them to him. 'Here, Don't forget your black out curtains too, you're missing a few' he winked and he was off, Tommy nodding as he went to the next few houses. He placed the boxes down in the lounge, on the coffee table. He opened the nearest one and looked at the mask within the paper packaging. He read through the instructions before closing the box up, everything placed back. Looks like he would have to go into town then. He grabbed some monies from the 'Grocer' jar among 'Post' and 'Rail works' where they kept their wages and left the door in his trench coat. It was probably a bad idea to bring it, and had removed the outside belt and wore normal clothes underneath while tucking the collar in, but it was cold and the start of October. He'd rather not freeze. The dirt road was crusted dry from the cold and he tried not to trip on the hard mud. When he was in town he went to the Post office first, that's where the curtains were being sold. Buying 3 for about 2 shillings as he put them in the bag he brought with him and headed to the haberdashery. The three of them would need a winter coat, as well as some more clothes. The shop was cosy and full of clothes of all sorts, he spied the coats first and went to pick out three. They had long coats in brown and black, similar to his trench coat, though he had grown incredibly attached to his own, and picked out three that were everyone's sizes. Roussel and Alex were very similar in that regard. He picked up some shirts and trousers, along with some socks and paid for them, coming to two and a half pounds. and placed them, in the brown bag the lady had put them in, into his large bag and left the shop. The chill nipped at him as he made his way home from the first round, he still needed to pick up some beer for the house and some cigarettes and a lighter, of course for Alex, and some little extras. But he wouldn't be able to carry it all. By the time he was home it was mid-afternoon and he set the clothes on the same table as the boxes before making himself some lunch. The house felt empty and phantom like, he left quickly. By the time he was at the brewery and had picked up some beer, placed in his bag again, careful of the glass it was already time for dinner. He had spent a lot of time talking to the workers and then feeding them some home cooked lunch after he found out what they ate every day. Pure slop. Tommy popped into the Grocer's to buy the rest of his list and made it over to the Pub to eat something. He made quick work of his pie and beer when he felt eyes on his back. Watching. Tommy paid the innkeeper for the food before grabbing his bag and walking outside. The eyes followed him on his way out. As he stepped outside into the brisk cold he halted. It was blackout time. Tommy had completely forgotten. He could barely make out his feet as the only illumination was from the moon half glazed by clouds. The eyes were still burning into his back as he managed to adjust to the darkness, hastily moving towards home. The others would be home now and hungry unless Heidi had made them something to eat. It was about eight thirty and he was making his was over in a very brisk walk. The eyes followed. He didn't dare stop or look behind him and avoided as many alleyways as possible, the opposite of what he had ingrained in his skull. Leaving himself open and vulnerable. It made him feel nauseous. The street was terrifying, nothing moved and he felt lost, only following what he thought was the way home. He continued on before something grabbed him from the inky darkness making him yelp, he dropped the bag in shock but didn't hear the contents spill so it probably fell naturally on itself. The thing that grabbed him was a hand and then there were two, heavy and thick with some hairs visible on him as he was pushed into a wall roughly. So he was in an alleyway then, dark and impossible to navigate other than the tiny oil lamp in the corner of the street (which really shouldn't be there). He couldn't see his attacker at the hands shifted and there was a knee between his legs, locking him in. He tried to call for help but the person, who was probably a bloke, punched him in the mouth (hard), busting his lip as he tasted copper and saw stars. The man began pulling at his coat with breath that smelt of cider, so he was off his face in alcohol, trying to take it off and he pushed down, trying to keep the sleeves on him. He struggled some more, getting another punch in the face (the nose) before he was panting and his whole face hurt. The man had gotten his coat off and he sucked at his neck leaving ghoulish kisses as he went, making him squirm and try to move or shout. he then began trying to unbuckle Tommy's belt. Oh. He felt sick and dirty but knew the monster needed space to get under his belt, allowing his leg enough movement as he sent it flying into his chest. A satisfying thud following. His shirt was half unbuttoned but his belt was fine as he punched the guy in the face raising his arm as he found the man was rather tall, several times before he must have been knocked out. Slumped against the other side of the alleyway. With precision he hadn't used since those barren towns, he slipped on his coat and grabbed his bag before running out of the alleyway and back towards the small villa, in deep darkness. He tripped on a few cobbles before he found dirt beneath his feet and couldn't feel happier. Spotting the villa and an oil lamp placed on the doorstep, he moved faster. The sick feeling in his gut only worsened as he realised, what were they going to think? Tommy knew they would figure it out from just looking at him. They'd probably either hate him or kick him out. He knew his eyes were glassy but he didn't want to feel any of those eyes on him again so ran up and opened the door. He dropped the bag and slammed the door behind him, breathing heavy and his face ached. Tommy squeezed his eyes shut as he tried to breathe. There was shuffling before he heard a shout making him flinch slightly. 'Holy shit Tom! What- Who did this?!' Alex was by his side first as he grabbed the bag and pulled him into a bear hug. There was more movement and he heard Heidi gasp. 'Oh Love, You poor thing, come on into the dining room. The other two idiots are there. Alex go grab the medical kit.' Heidi pulled him into the dining room as Alex ran upstairs and Roussel was the first up and rushed over to him, there's no way he would want him now. Stomach coiling in agitation. He didn't look anyone in the eyes as they sat him down and Heidi tended to his wounds, a large scowl on her face. 'Bloody fucking monster!' He flinched 'I'll kill them when I see them dear just you wait', she must be talking about the man, not him, as she cleaned up the blood around his face and the tears, moving onto treating the bruises. 'Ev' go and get him some pyjamas, warm them up for him while you're at it' 'Yeah, of course, Gran' He moved to trot upstairs. By the time she was finished his pale skin was even more prominent against the bruises left behind. 'I was wondering why you were out so late, Honey you should have stayed somewhere else. There was no need to risk it' He felt even more guilty and spoke up after having some warm milk, courtesy of Alex. 'I-I didn't want to stay. Had to come home and cook dinner. He-he followed me from the pub anyway. I tried to be fast, he beat me to it'. He tried to explain it to Heidi who was gentle and managed to tell her he got away before it got worse but by the end, Alex and Roussel were seething. Roussel would probably only have been able to pick out a few of the words but he would be able to piece it together from the way he looked. 'I swear I'll find the sheep shagger an' kill 'im!' 'Alex. calm down, we're aren't in Wales' He scoffed, Alex's disgust for the welsh probably came from his inner Scottish, she turned back to him 'I'm just glad you're safe deary, there have been men out there at blackout like him, hurting people something awful. Get changed and you can sleep, I fed us don't worry. I have a feeling you aren't...hungry, ' He nodded numbly and they made their way upstairs, getting changed and they got into their bed now dubbed 'cocoon' by Alex. They were careful not to freak him out as they settled in, Both holding on just like before if not tighter. Only then had he realised that Alex and Roussel had both been in the trench coats and boots, ready to go find him and uncaring towards what people thought, as he had entered the doorway. They were worried about him, ready to go tackle darkness to find him. Feeling slightly more relieved he went to sleep that night with nightmares. Old and new. The rest of the month passed and he stopped having the very frequent nightmares and only had the occasional like the others, Roussel still covered him in kisses when they were alone if not more possessively, and he never saw the man again or went out at blackout. Alex had tried to find them but stopped after he nearly beat up a stranger on the assumption and Tommy had scolded him for it while they dodged the police that may or may not have known. They had placed the curtains up and they enjoyed the new clothes and Alex thoroughly relishing in his cigarettes, though a bit too much if you asked him. November rolled around and his birthday was going to be soon, the 11th, and he wasn't particularly excited but he would be twenty-one and that felt kind of special. Kind of. He had an inkling that the rest of their new little family were planning something, whispering or hiding things. He pretended not to notice to let them enjoy themselves. He was working his shift on the 10th and afterwards made his way home, Mr Johnson letting him leave earlier to avoid Blackout. When he got in at four-forty-eight he got to making dinner for the others. Heidi was out who knows where he never got to ask her where she went. He decided to keep it simple with sausages and mash and at about half five the door opened. A tired Evan made his way in, smiling at the sight of him. 'You're a sight for sore eyes I tell Ya, What's for dinner mum?' he had been teasing him with the nickname for the past few days and he replied a quick 'Bangers and mash' before adding on 'now get cleaned up and set the table while you're at it' Evan moaned but went upstairs regardless and Tommy smiled as he continued dinner. It was pretty much done and the table was set as the others came in through the pale door, kicking off boots and murmuring. He called them from the dining room, dishing out portions. Heidi entered first, a soft smile on her face as she greeted them, taking her seat. Roussel was in second, brushing their hands in a fond gesture as he sat down next to where Tommy would be seated. Alex came in last, carrying a newspaper in hand. He sat down and placed the paper on the table and Tommy put the bowl back in the kitchen before seating himself. His thigh touching Roussel's in comfort. They talked about their usual days as Alex spoke up 'Dunkirk spirit is what they're calling it' his fork froze as he stilled. Roussel stiffening too. Evan seemed to slightly numb in his chair. That was a word he hadn't heard in a while. 'Calling what 'Dunkirk Spirit?' the name left a bitter taste in his mouth. 'The morale of the public, from Dunkirk through to this 'Blitz', what they're callin' the bombings and raids. How we're just...getting on with our lives while others die or lose their homes, jobs, family. How we've become numb to it all and shit like that' so that's what it was? Dunkirk Spirit. He had to admit it had a nice ring to it. They went to bed with full stomachs that night. The next day he woke up to a warm bed and an empty house. He had forgotten it was his birthday, not feeling any different. He had been given the day off from work, unusually but Mr Johnson wouldn't let him come in getting nervous when he said he should stay, so he stayed in bed. The covers engulfed him but he didn't fall back asleep. Simply couldn't. When he finally made his way downstairs it was lunchtime and he mentally scolded himself for missing breakfast. After eating a large lunch he prepared, some sandwiches and a small salad, He spent the afternoon reading in the lounge. The clock hit six when he heard the front door open and a lot of scuffling and Alex barking out 'Don't come in Freckles!' and the lounge door closed. Ok? He put the book down and sat patiently, the ruckus blaring through the door from the kitchen. What on earth were they doing? There were some more bangs and thumps before Alex burst through the door, cocky grin on display while he was dressed in his usual dirt and oil from work. 'Well, Come on then!' He pulled him up from the chair and led him to the kitchen and the sight took his breath away. Alex held him fondly by the shoulders and rested his chin there, 'So. What do you think?' The kitchen window was still blacked out and they had placed small tea lights around like fireflies, decorating the table in tea cloth, small bunting made out of cotton hanging from the cupboards. The centrepiece was a simple yet beautiful cake, decorated with blue icing that spelt 'Happy 21st!' in elegant handwriting. Small icing birds decorating the rim. A long luxurious ribbon tied around the sides. There were some small presents wrapped some blue paper next to it and someone, presumably Heidi, had hung paper birds from the ceiling lamp. The whole thing was whimsical. 'It's, It's wonderful. Thank you' He moved to bring them all into a hug, all of them encasing him in a family like gesture. He felt giddy and loved. He pulled back and began laughing, everyone eventually joining in with him. They cut the cake up after dinner, made by Heidi as a thank you, and divvied it up onto plates. Once they had eaten almost all of the cake, Heidi and him eating properly with a fork in hand while the other three ate with their fingers getting icing all over their hands and face and he had to clean them up, Heidi launched herself from her chair and ran into the drawing room while shouting at Alex to get the presents. He heaved himself up and went to grab them. When she returned she had a few records in hand and walked over to the gramophone. 'You'll love these deary' as she was setting it up with the help of Evan, Alex returned. 'Here Freckles, we got you some fancy things' he winked as he handed the small presents to him. 'Y-You didn't need to' Alex grabbed his hand and urged him on. He opened the larger one first, revealing an elegant deck of cards and 'Of Mice and Men', an intriguing looking book. He giggled as Alex explained the cards were for when they would get 'utterly pissed' and Heidi scolded him for such foul language. They had also bought him a deep blue jumper made of thick wool, how did they know he likes blue so much? And the last one was apparently from Roussel himself, who smiled fondly at him. The present was rather small, box-shaped and wrapped in the similar paper. He opened it to reveal a ring, silver and slim. The others looked confused but fondly as he pushed Alex away as he tried to look at it. He took the ring out and looked at it more closely. The band was simple but had a bird and flowers engraved along with a boat in the middle. Fitting. He noticed that there was some writing on the inner side, peering it said 'aimé' in an elegant font, with a date on the other side. '05.1940' the month they met. He put it on his forefinger so it didn't look like he was married and put the box down before enveloping Roussel in a hug, secretly kissing his cheek before pulling back, he kept it simple so he could understand. 'I love it, thank you' The ring meant so more than it first appeared and he was grateful for it, he didn't want to ask how much it cost or how he got it. It looked completely normal on his hand, meaning he could wear it without worrying. Heidi started the Gramophone and started up some ballroom music, where on earth does she keep those things? And Roussel pulled him up by the waist as Evan gently grabbed Heidi's hand. They began to clumsily Walts around the room, bumping into furniture and each other but they all laughed along with the song and each other. Alex sat grumpily on his own until the next song where Tommy pulled him up and let him guide him in another dance before switching to Roussel as Heidi switched to Alex. The rest of the night was spent in a similar fashion, they laughed like the giddy fools they were, champagne in hand. December flew by with them spending Christmas in much the same way, laughing and making each other look like idiots, small presents bought between each other and Tommy making them a lovely turkey dinner, the last real Christmas meal they'll have for a while due to rationing clamping down. They went to bed with full stomachs and happy hearts. Eventually, 1941 rolled around. (AN - it's still late here , i'm sorry Tommy T^T)[Chapter 26] (again, some light(er) warnings for this chapter) It was mid-January when he went into town, or what was left of it, and found a tent set up. Young lads about his age lined up. There were navy officials dotted around, introducing themselves and holding the queue in place. He had completely forgotten over the course of the year, Conscription was happening this week. He moved closer to talk one of the officials. The man was burly and had thick arms, a dominating air about him. When he approached the man gave him a bright smile and introduced himself, 'Aye Son, name's Andrew. You here to sign up? How old are you?' He didn't really know if he wanted to. Peering at the long line of boys and men he had a feeling he had to or turn cowardice. If not to protect his home and family. 'Yeah. I, well, I'm 19. 20 soon' well that wasn't too much of a lie, depends on your definition of soon. 'Well, we can squeeze you in, we need all the navy we can get. Are you a fisherman? Have boat experience?' 'you'd be right. Since I was a kid. When do you, leave? How long do I have to think?' The man joshed at him and replied 'Well we leave tomorrow, bring you on Sunday, depending on the size. Basic training of six months before you set sail. You have a day to think about it. Though you shouldn't need to Sonny!' and he laughed as he walked away, smiling and waving at him. He had a day. Either he doesn't go and helps at home or leaves like he should and join the navy. Fight in the Atlantic he supposed. He spent the rest of the day meandering and thinking before he made it home. It was a Friday and When he entered the house Jasper met him with a wagging tail, wanting a treat no doubt. He heard his Dad and George in the kitchen saying dinner was ready and already on the table. He pulled his coat off and made his way in as Jasper went to sit in his homemade bed, knitted by Mrs Hamilton. As he sat down they resumed talking over a fish pie before his dad asked, 'So Pete, where were you today? Livening up the bar? I bloody hope not' He smiled nervously before replying, well here goes. 'I was at the conscription tent.' The whole room stilled, forks didn't move and the air felt colder. His dad put his cutlery down before rigidly replying, 'Absolutely not Peter. Final warning. You will not be leaving this town until the bloody war is over and done with' and that was that as the rest of the meal was silent and tense. He shouldn't have said anything. The rest of the night was him tossing slightly against George and the hammock, bloody faces and ships in his soft nightmares, unable to sleep. The next day he didn't mention it again, only said he was out to help the man who owned Sundowner and jogged down to the tent, the line a lot less big. When he made it and stood in line his chest tightened. He felt a sense of resentment but didn't understand it, placing it as nervousness. As he got to the front he knew he couldn't leave, the point of no return. He'd be labelled coward or useless. Neither of which he wanted. The tent was a deep blue, a woman at the desk inside and the odd sailor around, another man who was probably a captain was stood next to the woman in uniform. They were close to the remains of the Harbour, sour faces on anyone who looked. There was no way he wasn't doing this. When he was there he answered all the questions, they batted an eye at his age simply saying it was close enough, his sailing experience too much to pass up. And he was signed on. His name written in black ink and signed. They mentioned where to meet them tomorrow like the rest of the lads and gave him his uniform, mentioning he was a 'Militiaman' and told him to go to the back to see if the uniform was his size. The small cupboard to change in was tight and made him feel nauseous. At least he couldn't go back now. His dad would have to deal with it. The uniform fitted well, he noticed it gave him enough room to move his arms right and brace his legs. Alright then. There was a small mirror and he took himself in quickly. The uniform wasn't too much of an actual uniform, large boots fit for water with light blue thick trousers and a deep blue fleece. Along with the deep navy cap, untouched by boat or rank, the Royal Navy symbol pinned to one side. He was doing this. His hair had grown out slightly, a paler dust blonde than before and his jaw was deeper, gaunter cheek bones and deep eye lids due to lack of sleep. He had also grown slightly in both height and muscle and could probably pass as 23-ish. When he exited the 'changing room' the lady told him they would set off tomorrow and to go show his folks and let them be proud. They'd be anything but. It was once again late evening and he wondered where the time had gone as he made his way up the road, noticing Mrs Hamilton sitting on a bench. She smiled and waved him over but she frowned as she noticed the cap in his hand. As he sat down she began, 'Oh, Pete. You shouldn't. You don't have to- Your fathers' He swallowed thickly and pushed the conversation along 'I know. I have to go Mrs-' 'Call me Eliza dear' she patted his leg as she continued 'You know what they'll think' he gestured to his home and then to the town 'I can't just, sit here and wait for something bad to happen Mrs-Eliza. I. It's not right. I have to go' She seemed to understand but still frowned. 'Your father will be oh so sad dear. John and I used to be and I would hope are still good friends. Your-your brother. James, He did a similar thing Peter, Please don't put your dad through this twice'. He stilled and looked forward. He wasn't James. He wasn't. He had been the better son, this was different. James went by choice. He. He didn't. He clasped his knees with pale knuckles and gritted his teeth. 'I'm not. He's different. I'm not James' She huffed at him and he looked at her from the corner of his eye. 'Well deary, James thought the same thing. Keep this up and you'll be dead in the ocean like him. A lifeless, nameless, faceless corpse among so many. If I were you-wait. Where are you going!?' He had had enough and stood abruptly from his seat and turned to glare at her 'I'm. Not. My. Brother. Alright, piss off with that crap' and he stalked away, not caring how she reacted. He was furious. Livid. As if she had the right to talk about him in such a foul way. He stalked inside and his dad was moving from the bathroom at the end of the corridor, as he started taking his boots off when he realised. He was in uniform. Cap held tight in one hand. He stopped and looked up to see his dad's distraught face. Shit. It wasn't supposed to go like this. 'Dinner's ready. George is out at Mrs Hamilton's and with Jasper for the weekend' ah he had started doing that to look after her in her older age over the past month or so 'She owns a dog you know? Philly, Lovely mutt' He was shaking slightly and held the door handle a little too tight. Shit. 'A-alright. Dad- I' 'Don't. Not now Pete. After dinner alright' Dinner was desperate and empty, each bite laced with guilt, his cap lay innocently on the table edge. When they were done his dad moved to the settee, didn't look him in the eye as he began cleaning up. When he was finished he decided to confront the conversation, how it would go was beyond him. 'I leave tomorrow.' The room was dark, all warmth had seemingly left them. His dad kept reading one of his aircraft books. 'You aren't leaving. You'll stay in bed and make breakfast with us, then we'll go visit Mrs Hamilton and walk Jasper-' 'I have to go.' His father stilled and placed the book down before standing, moving to look him dead in the eye with a glare. Peter followed suit. 'You. Aren't. Leaving' 'Dad I have no other choice, I'm conscripted. It has to happen whether you like it or not-' His eyes were darting around the room, avoiding his father's gaze 'God dammit Peter, You had to go and pull this shit behind my back!' He had never seen his dad curse or shout at him like this. He felt fourteen again, listening to the fighting downstairs. Except now he was the one fighting. 'You can't be serious! I'm not staying and running with my tail between my legs dad! I have to go, can't you just accept this!?' They fought back and forth, spilling anger and unwanted malice at each other. They waved their hands about and continued their fight. His dad adamant he wasn't going. He had tried to assure him and tell him he'd be fine, it was only training but his father refused so he turned into a malicious beast and his father followed suit. It was like two vultures in a cage, he felt things smash on the floor, vibrating through his boots and feet. He hadn't even realised they were throwing things as they fought. Until his father crossed a line he never thought they would have to cross, 'God dammit Peter Alfred Richardson Dawson do I need to bloody belt this out of you!? You are pulling your final straw!?' he stilled, eyes wide like a deer as the words resonated within him as his dad reached for his buckle. His dad had never tried to beat him before, or even mentioned it. He had only ever been belted once before, at school when he was about eight and refused to agree with his teacher. He had never disagreed again. He was tumbling up the stairs faster than possible, his dad shouting broken apologises while he launched into his room. He found his bracelet from George, leaving it there in the morning so he didn't lose it during signing up, and rummaged through his drawers while grabbing his coat and a satchel he had long forgotten. He heard his dad at his door, which he had locked in fury, bellowing for him to open the door. It was all white noise as he tried searching through the tears, finding a pen Mrs Hamilton had given him when he was younger, ink still full. He stuffed extra things into the satchel and spare clothes before noticing the envelope he hadn't seen in years, James handwriting staring at him accusingly. Son of a bitch. He grabbed it and screwed it into his coat pocket and did a quick spin, feeling he had everything. And launched himself out the door after grabbing his cap of the kitchen table, running passed his dad as he tried to grab him screaming his name and he was out the door, legging it to the town. The salt filled tears had slightly stained his uniform and he made it to the harbour. It was already well into the night and he would need a place to hide and stay, his head filled with noise and ringing. He felt so cold and empty by the time he spotted Sundowner, a rather safe place for now and not as predictable as Moonstone, and stumbled below deck and curling up with his satchel and cap by his side. Peter fell into a harsh night of fresh nightmares and a stiff body sat against the cold metal. When he awoke he felt bloody shattered, muscles aching and a headache. He realised he hadn't grabbed any money and hoped there was some in his coat pocket. Stepping out of the boat, the harsh winter hit his face and numbed his cheeks slowly. Wiping his teary eyes and wiping down his uniform and placing his cap on his messy hair he was off. The town, harbour and docks especially were filled with other militiamen, uniforms making them stand out. There was breakfast, or what he assumed was breakfast sat out on some tables, the elderly serving the men. They would be getting a train to the base, much like the others last May. He weaved his way to the tables and grabbed some toast and tea before filling onto the train with the rest. The train was a trusty steam, Whistling as she took the men in, red paint shimmering in the pale light from the clouds. when he got on the cotton patterns lining the walls and mahogany wood made him feel a little better, trying not to think of last night he filed into an empty compartment that would probably be full soon anyway. It was early morning and the tracks were still slightly frosted, black gravel standing out underneath. He settled down by the window, satchel on the rack above, coat still hugging him providing warmth. He must look like a bloody wreck if his distorted reflection in the glass was anything to go by. It was about ten minutes before his compartment door opened, revealing a boy about 20 with bright blonde hair and deep green eyes, about Peter's height and rather energetic. 'Hey mate, this space free? everywhere else is pretty much full' He must have taken in his shocking appearance and noticed how he looked exhausted. Felt it too. 'Yeah sure, it's free. Peter. A pleasure to meet you' they shook hands as he moved into the seat opposite the table 'Fredrick, call me Fred' he placed his bag on the rack and settled in, newspaper already out. They had a small conversation as the train started up as everyone who showed boarded. Fredrick was apparently also a fisherman, though they lived on the other side of Ramsgate, lived with his two younger sisters and his father owned a fish 'n chip shop. He seemed like a nice bloke but Peter was not in the talking mood. A trolley lady eventually got to their compartment and opened the door, shelves full of sandwiches, tea, biscuits etc. He had checked his pockets and found about 13 shillings, lucky, as the letter fell next to his lap by the side of the train. He bought some tea and a bacon butty while Fredrick bought the same but with a biscuit. And she was off, humming away as the door slid shut. Fredrick joined him in appreciation for the butty and tea before they were in comfortable silence again. He peered down at the letter by his lap and picked it up, bringing it to the table. 'Ah, is that. What do those bloody Americans say, A 'Dear John' letter? As in a sweetheart who you left behind,' he winked as Peter replied a quick 'family matters' before he remembered. He hadn't talked to George in two or so days. Or said goodbye. Hell, he probably doesn't even know he's gone yet, he won't get back with Jasper until this afternoon. God, he was such a bloody eejit and a prick. The guilt ate at him as he stared down at the letter. 'Well mate, you gonna open it or not? For a family letter, it sure looks old and ruined. You best open it before it's gone for good' He chuckled before returning to his book, one he had gotten out earlier. 'Alright, you plonker' that gained a rough laugh and a playful punch from across the table. He looked down once more and smoothed it out on the table. The address and familiar 'My Family' blurred and less bright since when it arrived. He slid his thumb beneath the fold and pulled sideways, the envelope coming undone as he went before he pulled out the paper within. The familiar handwriting greeted him solemnly. (AN- again I'm tired af so if it's inaccurate, it probs kinda is. I bent the rules this time. I feel like this is pretty similar to what we used to do but alas)[Chapter 27] The weekend was lovely with Eliza's company, as he learnt to call her. She had three dogs, Philly or Phillip, William and Alexander Jr. Lovely King Charleses that had brought Jasper into their little circle, treating him like a big brother. Eliza had been especially welcoming and homey, though on Saturday evening had a tight lip and didn't talk much. The house was similar to theirs, steep and rather small but comfortable though he felt like she needed the help now she was much older. He would be right. he left the apple pie he had made for her on Sunday afternoon and walked back to their humble abode, feeling helpful and rather whimsical. The cold nipped at him and urged him forward a little faster and he briskly made it to their door along with Jasper at his heels, pale yellow paint wrinkling and peeling at the edges, brass door handle rough and worn. As he stepped in he felt off, somehow. There were no lights on, the black out curtains only letting a little bit of light in, the kitchen was empty and there was no sign of breakfast or lunch. From where he was stood, Peter's door was open and waning on its side at the hinges. The lounge door was open wider and he could see Mr Dawson's hunched shiloutee on the settee in the bleakness. He slipped his boots off and Jasper padded inside but stopped and hung his tail and head low, even he knew something was off. 'Mr Dawson? Are you alright? Where's Peter? Is he alright?' he continued asking questions as his boots came off, laid next to all of Peter's and Mr Dawson's strangely, and walked into the settee and turning on the less bright lamp and turned to Mr Dawson as Jasper hung by the door, waiting. There was no reply as he moved to get him some tea, stepping over and around smashed cups and his favourite vase, the one Mrs Hamilton gifted them, causing a small ache in his heart. What on earth had happened? As the kettle boiled he heard Mr Dawson shift and groan, how long was he sat in that position? He also noticed a belt, Mr Dawson's judging by the little fishes impressed into the leather, laying on the stairs. This looked horrible. When he was done fixing up the tea George moved back into the lounge, 'So are you going to tell me what happened? Or-' he set the tea in his lap and moved to begin picking the glass and porcelain up with a towel and plate in hand. Mr Dawson, John as he told him to call him repeatedly, looked like he was thinking of what to say. Once all the mess on the floor was cleaned and binned appropriately, Mr Dawson spoke up as he re-entered the room. 'I'm a terrible man sometimes George. Utterly terrible. You need to remember that' His voice was cracked and rough, dry from lack of anything to eat or drink. He looked a lot older and paler as he turned to look at him as he continued. 'I-I well. You see, I know what it's like out there. Which is why I refuse to do anything but what I believe is good for you younger children. That's just what you are, Children. Bloody children!' He gestured his hands as he spoke, anger rising. George sat and let him talk. 'I went too far George. Remember even I and Mrs Hamilton and you and- Peter. Can do that. To which I am god awfully sorry, I am so so sorry!' He began blubbing as he spoke, voice distraught with his hands holding his head. 'It's. Alright, Mr Dawson. Can you tell me- tell me what happened?' He kept his voice quiet and posture relaxed, he didn't want the situation to worsen. John stilled before he spoke again, harrowingly, 'We had an argument, me and Peter. He-well I threatened to-' his hand wandered to the belt and he felt his throat tighten 'You know the rest. He just looked so- frightened George. I- I never wanted to see that look again after, well especially not because of me. He- He bloody skidded like a deer being shot at, wouldn't look me in the. The eyes, as he scrambled. I couldn't stop him. I couldn't grab him in time. He left' The words were broken and laced with sorrow and guilt. Old and chapped lips trembling and tears on his weary cheeks. He had never seen him cry before. There was obviously a reason for this whole thing, he ignored the whole threatening part for the time being to push him further. 'Why did you, argue like that? The remains don't look pleasant' He offered him a small smile and waited and asked, 'Where is Peter anyway? Why haven't you looked for him or called for me?' John looked at him with such desperate and glassy eyes it made him feel sick. 'Peter has gone off to war George' His whole body paused, he didn't move or speak as he looked at John. What? He laughed bitterly before replying, 'You're joking, r-right? Is he out fishing or at the harbour? Or in James' room or at the town or-' 'He most likely left this morning. On the train. He's not coming back until this bloodied nightmare ends George' But. but he hadn't even said goodbye. Or even a bloody word. George hadn't even seen him in days! He was already up and shoving his boots on telling John he was off to the train station, he might still be there. There was a slim chance. As soon as the door slammed behind him he was legging it, kicking up sleet and water as he ran. By the time he had gotten there, pushing strangers and dodging walls with 'sorry's laced in there, there was a train already leaving. The time was three-twenty-one, there was still a very slim chance. He dodged up the stairs onto the platform where there was a navy officer. He called to them and jogged over, breathing through burning lungs. 'I- Is that the last train? Have they all l-left?' The man looked startled by him and quickly replied, 'Yes, that was indeed the last train' And he was running again, back the way he came. God bloody damn it. They had no way of contacting him unless they got lucky or Peter wrote to them, he had left like a ghost on the walls. The town hadn't changed for anyone else but them. To George, it felt desolate. By the time he was home again John had cleaned up, lights on and an early dinner cooking in the oven. John turned to him as he took off his boots in disappointment. 'Pete, Pete is gone, Mr Dawson.' Their tired eyes met, the anguish filled the house in waves. The whole room stilled and his only reply was, 'I know'. (AN- ok so this is really short in comparison, I'm Sorry T^T but I felt like adding anymore would mess stuff up later on. Forgive me : anyway , see ya friday~)[Chapter 28] It was late January and a Sunday and so he was out shopping at the green grocers since he had already gone to the other shops with his ration book they had gotten posted from the ministry of information and ministry of health last week. As he placed a few apples into the wicker basket he heard the tale telling hum of a truck. He peered outside to see it was indeed a truck and passed by, khaki and dressed neatly. Why on earth were they in Ashford? About two more movd by into the centre of town before he went back to buying the shopping. Paying it no more mind. once he had picked up the rest, potatoes, tomatoes, carrots and broccoli, and paid, he left the small shop and walked home, wearing the coat he had bought last time, a deep brown with a decent hood. When he reached the centre he saw the trucks were stationed and there were, navy? and land army officials setting up tents. The sight made him come to a halt on the path. They must be conscripting this month. What was the new initiative called again, 'Militiamen'? He had read something about it in the newspaper, and that it was starting in January. Bugger. There was no way they would not guess his age and make him sign. Which he couldn't do without some sort of another identity, his real one was probably on the records as dead or missing. The walk home was brisk as he dodged their eyes. When he got in Heidi was home but the others were still at work. As he unloaded the groceries she came to greet him. 'Don't even think about it boy' ouch. He hadn't heard that name since they met. 'I-I don't know what you're talking about Heidi' he dipped down to place the potatoes in the cupboard as she continued. 'The conscription happening over the next few days, I know you're under twenty-two. The others aren't. You aren't going. Lay low for a few days or-' 'You know I can't do that, people will see and hear things. Start making rumours and before you know it we have the god damn army or police at our door saying I've broken the law several times.' he slammed the canned beans down a little harder than needed and Heidi flinched. 'S-sorry' 'Look dear, if you say you have to go, then fine. But you need a new face. New name.' He turned to look at her questionably 'Just like that? You're going along with it?' She moved to stand by the counter, worn down walking stick in hand. 'Well, I assume the others will refuse to let you go' he stilled. He hadn't thought about them. 'They-they won't know.' Heidi barked out a laugh while she stared at him wildly. 'They won't know? Or you just won't tell them? Fine. We'll get you some things to change your face slightly while you're there. Think of a fake name while I'm gone' and she picked up her purse and slipped on her heels, then she was out the door with a slam. He had finished unpacking the food and moved to the dining room to sit and think while reading a book. Was there even a point in going? He knew it would be risky for all of them if he stayed, since people know his face and probably guessed he was under twenty-two. It would take them less than up till November to guess they were basically on the run. But if he went that meant a new name and face at least until he was back on the field. As if he was going back to the field, he'd rather join the Navy. Though he had a feeling it wouldn't be any better. A change of scenery perhaps? At least no one there would know his name or face. Ok, Navy it is. At least to avoid them being caught. What name should he even go by, it would have to be convincing and not related to the others, that would get questioned. After sieving through names in his head he came up with a 'Samuel Thomas', simple enough. Not related to the others and a rural name. It would do. Heidi came back at about half-four. Pulling off her shoes as she trotted in, a girly bag in hand. Uh oh. 'Uh- Heidi. What?' she moved to the table and pulled out some oval shaped containers and a small brush along with a pair of scissors. 'What?' she cackled at his expression. 'Well, you need to cover up your freckles, not a lot of people here have them. Dead give away. So you have some powders for your face, relax, they're as white and nude as you can get. I'll teach you how to do it so it doesn't look like your face has changed apart from the lack of freckles. And the scissors to trim your hair back slightly. So have you thought of a name? I'll hide these in my room so the boys don't get suspicious.' 'Uh, Sam. Sam Thomas' she scoffed, thanks. 'It'll do. Come on, you get dinner on and I'll hide these and we'll try to apply it later'. And that was that for the afternoon as he began making Toad in the hole for everyone while the sky darkened. They should already be home, black out was still early. Heidi told him not to worry, there probably wouldn't be a bombing tonight. They hadn't seen any raids in Kent in a while, no need to worry too much. By the time the toad was done the others came in, typical sweat and oil on their shirts, hands and faces while Evan looked just as tired after doing a longer postal shift. Dinner was fairly silent and no one had mentioned the tent, Alex with his typical stories of what he and Roussel got up to in the works was the only thing filling the room. When they were finished, Evan retreated to their room for an early rest while the other two went to the living room, lager in hand. Heidi called him up and they went into her room at the end of the top floor. He had never been in her room before, it was well decorated, large bed in the middle with a window to the far wall. Floral wallpaper and a closet next to a dresser with a large mirror, she motioned for him to sit on the wooden chair. 'Alright dear, let's try to cover up those freckles'. She moved to grab the brush and powders, all a similar colour but slightly different. She made him hold out his hand to test the colours, it made him feel uneasy. 'Is this, uh, the only way to do this?' she nodded and then seemed to pick a colour before moving to his face, asking him to close his eyes which he did with hesitation and then she started moving the brush over his cheeks. It made him scrunch his nose and would have stepped back if it wasn't for him sitting in a chair. It took her what he thought was about fifteen minutes before she told him to open his eyes. She smiled as he took in his appearance. His face looked longer and the Freckles were so faint, you would have to be right in front of him to even think they were there. Mission successful. The next forty-five minutes and then some were spent with Heidi teaching him how to apply the powder, which was fragile as he found out by pressing too hard, and with lots of frustrated groans and hair pulling. When they were done he felt like he had mastered the damn thing as much as a bloke could, Freckles no existent after. Once he washed the powder away and Heidi gave him about five containers of it for the whole six months he would be gone and then made him sit down and trim his hair. They trimmed the ends slightly so it was a neater, tighter but still had visible locks. He most certainly looked like a 'Samuel Thomas' afterwards. Once they were all cleaned up he placed the items in the satchel that medic had given him a while ago which he had just used from then on and went to bed with the others. The next day he went to sign, knowing they would leave in two or so days. The lady was very nice and gave him the Navy outfit along with the cap and boots, once changed and checked it was fit, he signed 'Samuel Thomas' one final time and left quickly to get home so he could hide the uniform with the rest of the satchel which he had packed that morning. Heidi was already home by the time he got in and he went to change into a simple shirt and trousers before starting dinner an hour later. Heidi gave him a thumbs up as she sat down to read something, reading glasses perched on her nose in elegance. It was like the woman had three settings, a lovely and elegant old lady, a savage witch from hell or a laughing mad woman. He didn't really mind all that much, he had grown terribly fond of her and Evan. Speaking of Evan he was the first in, panting and red in the face. It was later than usual, quarter to seven, and he began his words in a scramble. 'They've been bombed, w-we need to g-o' His breathing was heavy and Tommy immediately turned the cooker off while Heidi grabbed her coat. They all knew where it was. As he slipped his boots on Evan got his breath back. 'What happened?' 'I don't know, they've bombed the rail works though, two of them. Probably rogues. Don't know how they got this far in, They've already gone. It's chaos. A-a train was there full of- children and a-adults' He was shaking slightly, his instinct as a medic taking over. 'Do you have any supplies?' They began leaving the house, Heidi telling them to go on without her, she'll take too long. She'd meet them there. And then they were legging it, winter wind whipping through their clothes and hair. 'N-no but there's some there, I needed to get you. Al and Rous were both manning the train, I don't know if they're alright or not'. He nodded and they continued in silence. Once there, the large billows of black smoke made it obvious that the train had been hit, spitting out its oil and gas. The station had collapsed and an ambulance was stationed, Evan ran over to help, and there were people helping the injured get out. He didn't see either of the other two and skirted the broken arch way onto the platforms, already seeing Alex with the train. The tracks had been blown out, there was no other way down unless he jumped, and the train had dipped down, Alex and someone else holding it from slipping further. There appeared to be a body underneath them and the train was hissing. If they weren't careful she'd blow. The train began slipping and the bloke next to Alex hissed something out as they braced. Someone needed to get the body out from under them. He braced his hand on the track and slid down with a jump, jogging over to them. Alex stared at him wildly. 'What the hell Tom?! Get outta here! She's gonna bloody blow if you don't hurry' He moved to pull the other lad out from under them. 'What, and you thinking of going down with her?! Start moving!' He dragged the body out and she hissed and sparked further, the boy's legs had kept her braced on the split tracks. Alex gritted his teeth and the other bloke yelled. They needed to be quick. As he kept moving back the boy's legs trailed maroon on the tracks making him wince. Once he was in the clear he yelled for them to move and they leapt out of the way, shoulders out last as the train screeched and fell into the small ditch. That could've hurt. They helped him move the unconscious lad to the platform, heaving themselves on and taking him to the medics outside. 'Alright, I'll give ya that one Freckles. Thanks for the help' he winked as Tommy took in his attire, he was covered in black and maroon, he just hoped it wasn't his blood. 'Where's Rous? I haven't seen him yet. Is he with the medics?' Alex halted and looked startled as people began moving back knowing the train was going to either explode or set a light. 'He's. He's still in there.' Just as quickly as it was said, the both of them launched back into the smokey platform, people screaming at them to stop. 'Which carriage?!' 'I don't bloody know! Maybe third?!' They were getting frantic and it didn't help, the oil began seeping out near the embers. 'Shit, you stay here and help me when I get back' He began moving to the nearest door. 'You can't be-' 'Stay there!' When his boots hit the carpet floor she lurched to the side, it wasn't going to take much more. He shifted through luggage and a few bodies before he hit the fourth carriage and saw Roussel hunched in a compartment. He heaved the door open and took in the scene. There was a little girl, maybe eight or nine, covered in her own blood on the carriage seat, the window had shattered, tearing at her body and leaving her badly damaged. Roussel was pulling out the glass as she cried large innocent tears, wrapping certain areas in parts of his own shirt, which was covered in just as much blood as Alex's. 'Rous!? We need to move! She's gonna blow or burn, stupid wooden train! We can still get her out!' He knew Roussel was still adapting and learning the language but he was a faster learner than most. 'No, She can't move. She'll die Lamb' 'Well, she'll die here along with us either way! Please, come on!' The train lurched and they were in the furthest carriage from the engine. Maybe they could, right. Fuck it. 'Alright have it your way, get under the table!' He motioned to it and Roussel began moving the girl as he closed the door and shattered the glass outwards, using his coat to get rid of the smaller shards still stuck and did the same with the window as well before joining them under the Table. Curled up they put the girl between them, keeping her steady. 'If we die, it's on you.' She lurched before there was a loud crack and burst from down the train, embers soaring up the sides and the floor began heating up. Time to move. 'Now! Move!' Roussel grabbed the girl as he reached for the door, ignoring the searing heat in his palm and they moved to the door which had been bent and closed shut. He tried to open it but it wouldn't budge. Their lungs were filling up with smoke and Roussel looked at him desperately as the girl coughed. Shit. He lurched at it one more time before screaming a 'fuck it!' over the smoke and heat and grabbed his coat, smashing the larger window next to them while clearing away the excess glass and climbing out, he turned to take the girl and jumped off, Roussel following. Alex ran to them and took the girl before jogging back to the medics. They moved back to the platform while the whole thing burned. Crackling and spitting at them. Like some macabre but deadly warning. From them. Once the chaos had subsided slightly, people rushed the injured away and the train continued to burn. She would for at least a week before they could move her or even start dealing with the track. There's no way they could use the station for a bit. The two of them met up with Evan and Alex, the boy had to lose his legs and the girl would have scars but live, her parents so 'thankful' yet they had left her in the first place. She had gasped out a small and quiet 'thanks' to Roussel before she fell unconscious and was pulled away to the hospital. Evan looked on edge, being thrust back into that kind of scene probably messed with him a little. He was covered in blood and some dirt, hair matted and eyes dimmed slightly. When all the injured were dealt with and people evacuated they made their way back, meeting up with Heidi along the way who scolded them for getting so dirty and making her worry. Even though she took her pretty god damn time to get to them. Once home, he guessed that it was indeed their home now, they all took turns getting a shower or bath and cleaning up any small wounds they got while Heidi cooked for them. He remembered the satchel and knew it was well hidden, he could leave tomorrow and they wouldn't even know until they got back home and Heidi broke the news to them. So why did it feel so wrong? After their more simpler meal thanks to rationing and spending some time together in the lounge, they made their way to bed. He grabbed Evan first, hugging him tighter than usual. He didn't question it as he went to bed. Roussel was next, catching him in the bathroom and they had a small moment together before he quickly pecked his cheek before hunting down Alex. He didn't need Roussel catching on so soon. When he found him they were both in the garden, Alex with a quick smoke. Both in Pyjamas, well Alex was just in his pants but still, and in the cold darkness, a small oil lamp by his side. He walked over and stood next to him, looking at the fountain and bird bath. 'So-' 'Whatever you do Tom, don't die alright' it was quick and sudden. What the hell? 'I mean, I didn't plan on it, why do you ask?' He swore if Alex had already figured it out somehow. Perceptive little shit. 'I nearly lost both of you today. I could've and I guess I just forgot that could happen at any god damn time and in some cases, I might not even know. So, just. Try not to die Freckles' they both let out a short laugh at the reassuring and recurring tag line 'I won't. Come 'ere big guy, you need some sleep and you'll catch a cold out here in your pants, your legs and chest must be freezing. Brush your teeth too' Their hug was comfortable and homey, Alex's much bigger frame helped sooth him before they separated and headed for bed. He was going to miss them. So much. He was the last up as Heidi called him from the stairs while Alex disappeared in the darkness. 'Come here dear, I want to say my 3 pence too' he moved to meet her in the lounge. 'You come home alright. I know this-won't be the last and it, definitely, isn't the first time I will say this. But you come home. I don't care how or in what shape. I've taken you Rugrats in and I love you just as much as I love Evan'. She had never said that she loved them, it made him feel ecstatic and just as guilty. 'I-I' 'it's alright dear, but I've grown to love all three of you and your quirkiness. Don't worry about it. Just come home.' She moved to stand and patted him down. 'I wish I could be more like your actual mother and give you a proper goodbye tomorrow, dress you up and send you on your way with goodbye kisses and promises. But this will have to do deary.' she kissed his hair and then forehead before she was up the stairs while finally saying, 'You come home to us Thomas'. he stood there a little longer before turning off the lights and moving upstairs, getting into bed with the other two fast asleep and Evan well into his dreamless night. This would be the last night like this for a while. A long while. His heart felt heavy and his chest tight as he slowly fell asleep, both Roussel and Alex cuddling him like over sized puppies. When he awoke early the next day the house was empty as he put the powder on, brushed his shorter hair and into uniform and grabbed his slightly damp coat, he had to clean it last night due to all the smoke and soot, his cap and his satchel before he was out the door. Giving the house one last look and bright smile before he turned on his heels and pushed his way towards the meetup area, they would have to go to another town to get the train there due to last night and they would be taken in trucks first. When he got there the other lads were huddled in two groups, Navy and Land, he moved to where the others with his uniform were. They were all fresh faced and bubbly, chit chatting and telling stories. Tommy forget they hadn't been yet, hadn't seen what he'd seen. It was going to be difficult to get used to a new name and this situation while he was in it. He didn't talk to anyone as the trucks arrived and they boarded. The trip didn't take too long before they were booted off and boarded the train. Feeling relief as the floor didn't feel hot and the compartment door knob didn't burn him. When he was sat down and the satchel was placed at his feet he relaxed slightly, he hadn't been on a train since last year and it felt incredibly off-putting. He was leaving them all behind and wouldn't see them until after. If there even ever was an after. The navy was carted on one train and the army on the other. Another lad came in and sat opposite to him, he paid him no mind and stared out the window. He would rather not make friends. Maybe when he got there. Tommy knew what was most likely to happen anyway. The train began to take him further and further away from home. (AN ok so i have ya three chapters here, the fourth one is mid-done I'll post that latttter. So now two of the cinnamon rolls are conscripted ;w; since it was (at least here in England) only 20-22 who became Militiamen. There is a point to them leaving before the others i swear :'D, Heidi is great ok, old lady power. Who's gonna be more pissed eh? ;)) and this bombing didn't happen, well it did but in 1943 and it wasn't as grim :D and it was one rogue)[Chapter 29] As he unfolded the first piece of paper a smaller envelope fell out, titled 'Peter', and he put that and the larger but now empty envelope to one side. The main part was your average paper size and scrawled in handwriting. Well better late than never. Fredrick was watching the bare trees and dry grass whirl past out the window as he began reading. Dated 24th of August. 'I know I haven't been writing to you much or replying to your letters as the months moved on and for that, I am deeply sorry. ' The first sentence in and he had already scoffed, Fredrick eyeing him briefly. 'Training has been rough and we are to be sent out soon, I don't want you to worry. I am sure without me you will be just fine, even if you are one man down. Not only is the base quite bland, aside from the planes, but I miss Broadstairs and Ramsgate very much. Nearly as much as I miss you.' He had no room to talk, he was the one to leave. Not them. The three-year-old resentment bubbled as he gripped the old paper tighter and kept reading. 'You see even though I left abruptly, I didn't want to waste everyone's time or grow more attached to the town and people in it. And do say hello to Mr and Mrs Hamilton for me, I hope their food is still as great as it was.' His chest tightened, of course. Alexander had still been alive when he left, the duel happening in '39 and he left Eliza by herself. And he could never waste their time, what kind of nonsense was that? ' You see when this war ends, I want to come home to your older faces and believe I did the right thing. Believe that I and the other men served the country you live in, protected you without hesitation. Thompson hesitated, and that got him dead. I don't want to be like Thompson or any of the others who couldn't make it through. Or at all. And I have been receiving all your letters and they make the tiring and slower days much better, and I thank you dearly for that. But the base is tense, No one really wants to go. To go out there. Even so high up it isn't safe. Out there is never safe. I came back to my dorm where I saw Miller having a bloody breakdown, shaking and shivering. He was terrified and there are still a few weeks to go yet.' Who were these people? And he was pretty sure that James wanted to go. Wanted to go out there. What happened to that? Was it even there in the first place or had Peter just thought that up? 'And I am sorry about my last day with you, I acted on impulse And Peter I'll explain to you when I'm home. Didn't think about any of you but trying to keep you safe. I shouldn't have shouted but sometimes that's the only way to get to you father. I know you can be stubborn, then again you gave that to me and probably Peter too. However, I feel like I should write with the worth of all the letters I never replied to but I feel like this isn't the right time. I can tell you when I come home.' But you didn't come home, idiot. His knuckles were white and he was pretty sure he would tear the letter in two. 'I have so many stories to tell, and I hope I can have more when I come back' He was turning greedy, wishing for more than he deserved. 'We can go fishing like we used to, even though I don't particularly like it. We can race each other again, try to see who can get the biggest trout. Or we can go into town, go to the pub like old times. I could do with a Carlsberg right about now. Or a Strongbow. I do miss home, it might not feel or seem that way. But I have yet to go a day when I haven't thought about you or home. And father you can finally teach me how to steer that bloody boat of yours, sorry if I do break her. It's strange how both planes and boats are like companions to people. Millers already named his Susy. God knows where he got that from.' You aren't coming home, you Git! Stop talking as if you can. ' And after all, that, when the war is over. I'll be there. Who knows in what shape or mind. But I'll be there. Mess up your hair like I used to Peter, race you down the street father. I can finally meet George properly, I am most excited to meet him! Visit mother's head stone. Give her some petunias again. I'll come home and you can punch me or shout at me, I don't care. But I'll be home. And I'll spend the rest of my god damn life paying you back. I know winning a war won't be enough. But I want to know that you're safe, please at least write to me before Christmas, it won't be long now. Maybe we can finally have haddock when I get back! I wonder what a fish themed Christmas dinner would look like. And Father, I bought you a belt, decorated with little fishes. I thought you would like it and since I didn't really get time to give it to you in a more loving manner, I left it on your bed. You've probably already seen it. I do hope you like it! As for you Peter, the other letter is just for you. But before I go I have a few other things to say. The other blokes are nice, friendly even. We all think the same thing. Are of the same mind. We have a feeling this war will ruin us, change us. And if that's for the best then so be it. I don't know if I can do this, leave this country. Leave home. Leave you. I love you so deeply, I can't b are to see any of you hurt or anguished. I don't want to leave this place. Even if I'm the one defending it. If I don't' There was something etched out in ink, unreadable, 'come back. please, don't hate me or any of the other lads. We will probably have a shortcoming from our own stupidity most likely. And that's alright. I accept that and I hope, I hope so much. That you can accept it too. it's been hard for me. To live without you, by myself. And even if you don't think of me, or care. I did act like an eejit After all this. I would like to head off thinking, just this once. That you can forgive me. James.' And that was it. His stupid brother had him in tears as Fredrick left to meet other lads and to see what was for lunch. That sentimental moron got himself killed. There was nothing left to say, nothing he could say to a what was nearly a three-year-old letter. He had died for nothing at this point. Eliza's words echoed as he reached for the letter addressed to him. Pulling out a short laugh from him. Of course, his brother would avoid double postage. The idiot didn't even think he would die so soon, didn't think. He just didn't think! The other smaller envelope came undone with ease, a little thicker than the one it was in. He pulled out another letter and a small item wrapped in mesh paper fell out along with it. He moved it to the side and wiped his tears, opening the other letter. A few photos fell out, in decent condition despite the age. His brother's black and white face, all smiles, peered up at him in uniform. Another one was when they were boys before he had found George. Covered in dirt and grass stains most likely, happy faces and worn down jumpers. He remembered the photo, there had been two. This one and a similar one but from before they got all muddy. Peter had kept the latter. There was writing on the back, his Brothers, and definitely not from when it was developed. 'Thank you little brother!' was scrawled across. His gut felt tight and his heart tighter as he looked at the last one, missing the small sketch of a dragonfly entirely. It was probably his whole squadron, he spotted James immediately, tousled light brown hair and shining eyes. It made him feel sick as he turned it over, ignoring the spitting image of his mother in front of him, the names of the men written across. Peter pocketed the photos in his coat pocket, safe and sound. Turning to the letter he began reading it, face now dry. 'Pete if I am alive or you are safe at home after this war, do not read this. It isn't important. If not then please listen to me. Do not go to war baby brother. If it isn't safe now then it will be highly dangerous by the time you're older. I don't want you to leave dad like I did. Argue with him like I did. I don't want you to do what I did, or be like me. I am not a great son, I took you for granted. All of you for granted. And I am so bloody sorry but I can't change that. Not now. That night is embedded in my skull and I know I can't make it right. I'm just a dreamer and even now, I still feel shameful and guilty for what happened. If you ask dad he can tell you what happened. Again, tell him I'm sorry, baby brother. For me. Please do not put on a uniform, do not get on those bloody trains, please god don't. I know for a fact if you even considered it, you wouldn't be a pilot. I know full well you would want to be in the navy or land force. Don't. Don't step out of that door with a heavy heart. Don't leave that town with guilt or shame. Stay and look after them there. You're making a deep mistake if you leave, cowardice be damned! I don't want you to come home on a stretcher or worse. I don't want dad to go through with the pain caused twice. You are no wiser if you stay or go, in fact to us other men you would be wise to stay. Just, please don't go little Dragonfly' He stopped and pulled in a sharp breath. He hadn't been called that since they were little. Big and little dragonfly. Their mother would always call them that and they eventually called each other by those names. Before he left. Back when it was easy. Back when it was safe. ' However, I know you are just as stubborn and if you do the same mistake as I, then come home. I don't care if you have to kill enemy or friend. I don't care if it isn't in one piece. You come home, you hear me? Come. Home. And if by the God's you make it back unlike I, tell them I love them. Tell them you love them. And you pay them back what we both owe them, alright? Love, Your big dragonfly. P.S I got you a little something, I know you aren't that religious so I got something a little more special for my baby dragonfly! ' He took in a breath and clasped the letter tight. He was such a bloody moron. He had just gone and done every mistake possible. Did everything the letter told him not to. What his big Dragonfly told him not to. He'd put on the uniform, argued with his dad. Gotten on that train. Not said shit to George. He was the fucking moron. Not James. He should have opened the letter years ago. There was no turning back. He had turned into a lesser version of James. Whatever happened to be the better son? But he could still pull this through. Right? He could just, write to them as soon as he could and as much as he could. Or maybe try and visit them. Or send them gifts. He could get through this hell in one piece. Do what James wanted to do. Whether they took him in again or not. He had become James in the way he didn't want. Turned into what he resented the most and now he had to get home and pay them back. He needed to make it through this. This is where the little dragonfly had to become better than the big one. Survive longer and make it back to his family nest. Whether he had all his torn and small wings or not. Peter's hand brushed the small item he had yet to open and he wiped away the rest of the tears. It would be hard to make it through all the noise in his head, get his head around it and to talk to his family again. But he would be alright. They would be alright. Unwrapping the paper revealed a small pin, a little blue dragonfly dazzled up at him. Along with a bigger and deep green one, rusted in areas and faded. So James had used it to get him through training maybe, at least in mind. He pinned the little badge to his fleece and put the letter back together gently along with the larger pin (he would save that until he got home), before standing up to put it in his bag where he spotted George's bracelet, he placed the letter next to it and buttoned the satchel back up as he laughed slightly. His brother really is a sentimental idiot. Fredrick came back with a tray of food and smiled at him. 'Well, I'm guessing either, you're happy to see me, the letter was happy or was sad but you've realised something and feel better'. They both laughed as he placed the tray down. 'Alright you gypsy, sure. What's for lunch then?' The laughing continued as he replied 'Just chicken sandwiches and juice, simplest one there, I didn't know what you liked so'. 'Yeah. Chicken is great. Cheers mate' He sat down and they dug in, he felt a lot more relieved as the train thundered on, the countryside whirling by. Yet, he still had a lot to sort out. (AN- OH LOOK THE STUPID MUFFIN FINALLY OPENED THE GOD DAMN LETTER, the idiot :/ I totally didn't shed a tear writing this shush :'D uh Carlsberg and Strongbow are beers if u didn't know. Gypsy means forsee-ing, mind reader here. And stuff. If u noticed any little hints/details, bravo :DD i won't telll you ;) a git is basically an eejit. Wait, ok so Eejit is irish/scottish (we dont talk about the scotts :( ) for idiot/moron and git is basically a, meaner/angrier version of an idiot. If you're a git you a bloody stupid asshole. Basically.)[Chapter 30] After the bombing, him and Alex had been moved to the depot just outside from the station to help maintain and work on trains if they ever came. It would take them a few months to fix the station since all the metal was going to the factories. The day had been slow, they had spent most of it shifting rubble and debris from the station before moving to the tracks. Stripping back the rails slowly by hand and waiting for the order of dirt and gravel to come in so they could at least patch up the hole. But it would take them weeks and they had a lot to do. While they weren't trained to be engineers before, Alex mentioned he worked on automobiles a lot in his spare time before the war and the head engineer, with a name he couldn't pronounce, had taught them well and they were fast learners. They had stopped for lunch, having a quick sandwich they bought from the stall nearby and some water before scrambling about the rail, taking their time in removing wires and bolts. It would take them at least two or three weeks to pull back the rail far enough away from the hole so they could fill it. Then they would have to strip it back to the switch so they could repair it again. A two-month job he reckoned. When the day was done he was tired again, but unlike usual where it was a satisfying tired, he just felt exhausted and Alex seemed to feel the same way. They never usually talked much due to the language barrier, but the silent company was much needed and they could usually communicate with gestures and expressions. Though he would like to say he was getting better at speaking and understanding English, thanks to Tommy teaching him over the past months. The wind was still today and they walked home in warmer weather than the past week or so, boots dragging along the pathway. the trees were still bare and the birds either hibernating or have migrated. It was pleasant despite the lack of life around them. When they got to the dirt road they noticed Evan walking inside and managed, some how, to will their legs into a short job up the rest of the road. When they were inside and boots were off, the witch told them to get changed and then she had something to tell them. They resumed their usual routine of Alex cleaning up first while he grabbed them some clothes before switching and then Roussel getting changed after. Once they were slightly more refreshed and downstairs, the witch took them into the living room and had them sit down. He noticed he didn't see Tommy, his chair vacant. He looked at them curiously as the witch began speaking. He tried to listen and could pick out a lot of it. 'You're probably wondering where Tommy is, our dear has- well he left today. He's been conscripted .' He could kind of piece it together, Tommy had gone somewhere. By someone. Whatever it was sent Alex into an angry shout. 'What do you mean, Conscripted ?! You let him go!? Was yesterday actually his good bye ?' Is he gone? Why would he leave? 'Well I tried to stop him, but eventually, I just had to let him go. People would ask questions and such. All of you would get caught, dear '. There was more arguing while he tried to piece it together, where had he gone? Evan was silently shaking and only stepped in with just as much anger as Alex, both bickering at each other instead of the Witch. Things seemed to get more heated as the two stood. He got most of the argument down. 'Come on Ev, You can't just accept this too! Tommy's gone to that shit hole and we can't bring him back or go with him! What if he bloody dies or-' 'Enough.' Evan's voice was taught and strict. He had never seen this side of him before. Eyes hard and jaw tight. 'Don't jinx him. We'll- join eventually . Tommy went on his own choice. And yeah- it bloody hurts that he didn't talk to us but still. I know he'll write to us. It's Tommy. If anything he's more worried about us than we are about him. Just calm down Al , he'll be fine. We need to prove to him we can live well enough that he doesn't have to worry '. The witch stepped in and soon the arguing ceased, Alex leaving to have a smoke most likely. Evan grabbed some beers and they moved to the lounge as Alex returned. The room was mixed with blight and annoyance. he felt uneasy with Tommy's presence missing. It was like someone had gone and taken half the light out of the room. Them being the rest of the light. He still didn't know where he had gone, he looked at the witch and she seemed to understand. 'Oh deary, Tommy has been sent to war. He's not coming back for a while' this time he understood and he choked, movement halted. His lungs struggled to function and he tried to think straight. He had gone back, without them. He presumes under a different name and face, to protect them. The loveable idiot had put himself in danger for them. He won't see him again until after the war. And there was no way for him to see him other than if he came back as a corpse or half dead. Roussel didn't want either of those things to happen. His grip, which he hadn't even realised was so tight, lessened slightly and his lungs calmed down. 'Why?' 'Because they made him, he promised to come home. We might have to wait for a little bit. You are too old to go with him. Don't worry. He'll write.' The rest of the night was tense and rough, and when they got to bed they realised there was no Tommy to snuggle with so they brought Evan's bed so the three could sleep separately. Not a single one of them slept that night. All three tossed and turned in the uncomfortable air. For him, it was unbearable. The rest of the week was spent in a similar fashion, sleep uncomfortable and everyone realised all the little things that were missing or not done. Let alone Tommy's whole presence and everything he would do anyway. the witch's food was edible but felt bitter to him, he would much rather eat Tommy's food. Alex and he continued as if nothing happened, though they had the occasional moment when something would remind them of Tommy. They talked like he was dead, and while that wasn't true he might very well end up being so. It didn't stop his worry. By the time mid-February rolled around they got a letter. They had come back from their shift and Evan entered about thirty minutes after them when they were all cleaned up and relaxing as much as they could. He came running in yelling about a 'Letter!' and that it was from Tommy. Everyone perked up as he came in, putting the letter on the table, Tommy's elegant writing stared back at them with their address and a return address. They had a place to write to now! Evan sat down and Alex snatched the letter, beating Roussel to it. The envelope was a little battered and had a second class stamp on it. Alex opened it and began reading it, laughing at certain points. The witch and Evan read it next, chuckling at points and saying some remarks. Roussel was just annoyed that he didn't get to see it. When they handed it to him it looked foreign to him. He still didn't know a lot of English when it was written down. They all didn't really know how to help him read it and so didn't really bother, but Evan helped him a little, told him that Tommy was alright and settling down in 'Tornpoint, Cornwall' and the naval base there. He was fine and doing well. There was another letter inside that was addressed to him and while Alex had tried to nab it from him, he grabbed it just in time. The others moved to get ready for bed while he opened it. There was a photo sized piece of paper folded over. On the top it simply said 'Here, I know you can't read too well' it was enough for him to understand so he folded it out revealing a drawing. There was a name of what he guessed was the place at the bottom which he couldn't read and the drawing was a simple sketch of a port, small lines and dots for people and a beautiful sky as well as boats as far as the eye could see. It made his chest all fuzzy and the drawing held a certain warmth to it. He didn't even know that Tommy could draw or sketch, but he wasn't surprised. He probably wasn't all that into it or really developed his craft much but the fact he even bothered to convey where he was to Roussel and that he was safe and maybe even happy meant everything to him. Alex tried to peer at it but he folded the drawing up again and put it in his chest pocket. Safe by his heart. When he was in bed he missed the warmth he was used to but he felt happier than all the previous days after he left. The rest of the week was more light hearted as they wrote a reply, which Roussel didn't get any input in other than that he missed him and thanks for the sketch (and that he loved him which he managed to scrawl in really bad English on the back of the paper as they put it in) and then waited for his letter back. Sleeping became easier though never quite the same. But it became easier. And for now, that's all that mattered. (AN- ok so the other chapter will be later but yeah. Tommy's being a little smol bean trying to keep Rous happy : and the title comes from, little bird, little bird. Really cute and sad song - check it out. And also, Cornwall was one of our larger naval bases so that's where they would go. Liverpool is..we don't talk about Liverpool :'D and I feel into a nettle bush today on the way to the train station. I stopped to watch a plane set off overhead, and fell in so my finger really hurts. :'D I live right, and I mean like RIGHT, next to an air base so I've grown up on planes ok. I'll shush now. You don't need to know all this but I'm just whining cause my finger still hurts but it was worth it. I always have to wave ok)[Chapter 31] They were heading to Cornwall. There had been a new base set up just for the conscription, had been commissioned in '40 apparently. He had personally never been, but the folks were said to be nice and homey so he wasn't too worried. They would take the train and meet up with the others who were already there, Tommy's group were probably the last ones to be sorted for this base. The other blokes in his compartment were right chancers and probably ready to get drunk as soon as they got off the train. He was positive that one of them was still hungover. Absolute muppets. He was already bored of their annoying banter and over exaggerated movements, uncaring of Tommy's presence. Worst compartment by a long shot. He resorted to looking outside, feeling just as knackered as when he woke up. Mentally anyway. Once of the muppets, he was sharing such a lovely time with had thrown out a deck of cards and they were already playing some probably illegal version of Granny Smiths. Dear Lord. Lunch rolled around and the three eejits left to get food, leaving him to skirt out behind them and grab a quick sandwich, but by the time he got back they were already there, one of the blokes throwing a card at another one, shouting. As he opened the door they looked at him wildly. 'What?' 'Well, what you lookin' at us for?' Oh for god sakes. They were bloody Scottish. He sighed. This was going to be a long ride. 'I sit next to you mate, right there' he held his sandwich in the direction of his seat. 'Ah! look, lads, 'e's Irish! Want a spud mate?' They were cackling at him, still not moving. He was half Irish thank you very much. 'No. And please move, I would like to enjoy my sandwich in peace'. They laughed some more before the one blocking his seat looked him dead in the eye. 'Try me' He was really doing this shit. Tossing his sandwich by his seat he grabbed the table by the edge and flipped himself onto it, then pulled back and slid over before jumping back into the seat, legs moving under the table. He tried to grab his god damn sandwich but the bloke opposite him beat him to it. For the love of. 'Seriously mate? Don't be a Whanker' He reached for the sandwich but the dick pulled back laughing with the others. 'Ooo! Loo' who adds letter you don't nee'!' More like look who's the one who can't be arsed saying the whole damn word. 'Look, if you want the bloody sandwich so bad then fine, have it.' It was in tatters anyway, might as well let him have it. He moved back into his seat, bloody knackered even more. These eejits were really starting to irk him. They looked at each other before the bloke tossed his dead sandwich at him and they didn't bother him again. He just wanted to eat his bloody sandwich. The rest of the journey was boring, apart from the muppets doing more annoying things and occasionally taking the mick, but other than that it was bland. The countryside was becoming greener and the sky was still cold and pale but still all the same. By the time they got to Cornwall it was late evening and they had to walk to the base in Torpoint. The base was shiny and new against the older Victorian houses and brick work. The shore establishment was named HMS Raleigh and looked like it knew its business. It was rather large and green fields stretched along a bright shore and beach. A few boats were present and the base would be able to hold everyone during training. It was fitted with dorms and the right areas to train. It wouldn't be so bad. Though he had absolutely no idea how to work in the navy, fishing or even a boat. They were split into groups for the dorms and how and when they would train in settlements version of the two phases. Basic military combat, which they should have done at another establishment but they had no space and time, and skills before they would specialise into the navy training. Alright, he could handle that, though he would have to try and not make it look like he already knew what to do with the first phase. The main entrance was rather grand but modest, simple but elegant. Inside he was put into a group full of happy faces. They didn't know what was coming to them. The train had put him on edge slightly and it had yet to cease. The way he was crowded wasn't helping but he'd swallow it down. They didn't need to know. He hadn't checked his face so he wasn't even sure if the powder Heidi had given him was holding up well or not but it would have to do. They were moved to an auditorium to be talked at about what they would be doing there, captains and Admirals talking proudly at the had a feeling they weren't going to break the news to these boys about what it was really like. It made his stomach churn. After that, they were sent to their dorm rooms for an early curfew after a decent evening meal. When he reached his, no.149, he was the first to get there, placing his satchel on the bed. There was already two of the beds with clothes and other luggage on, so the other two blokes were still at dinner and had half settled in then. There was a small mirror on the drawer between the bunk beds, and he checked his face. The powder had stayed rather well, only a few freckles poking through at the sides. Not bad. He began unpacking his bags as the door opened, revealing the two blokes he assumed roomed with him and the other who had yet to turn up. The first one in was taller than him, bright blonde hair and green eyes, the other made him stop moving. A similar build and height to the other with dusty blonde hair, those same eyes burned back at him. There was no way. Unless. The bloke looked much older than the last time Tommy, had thought, he saw him and the green eyed one greeted him first. 'You must be the other bed mate, Fredrick. Call me Fred' He held out his firm hand and he shook it. 'T-Samuel. Call me Sam' he had momentarily forgotten about his new name and he turned to the familiar face next to Fred. 'Peter.' the hand shake was just like the one in 1940, firm and friendly. Of course, fate would make them meet again, but with him unable to tell him anything yet. He wondered how the other was faring, they never did exchange addresses and such. They settled down by the time the fourth one had appeared, brown short but hair and blue eyes, brighter than his, with luggage in hand. Not to mention out of breath. 'Hey, this 149?' Fred was quick to answer him 'Yeah mate, you the fourth one?' the bloke stuttered slightly while closing the door and moving to his bed, top bunk above Tommy. 'Y-yeah. Finley P-pollock. Nice to meet you'. They all introduced each other as he got settled, Finley reminded him a lot of Evan. It made his heart waver slightly. He already missed them. Once they were all dressed for bed and the lights were off thanks to the lieutenant they got into bed. He hadn't realised how hard it would be to sleep without the warmth of either Alex or Roussel. His tossing and turning continued before he fell asleep. And walked straight into a living nightmare. He awoke with a start. Eyes darting. The room was thick with black and he felt like he couldn't breathe. His chest was heaving as he kicked his legs over the bed and put his head in his hands. Eyes screwed shut. It only made it worse. Something felt terribly off, the nightmare of beaches and boats not helping, and he wanted to run. His leg twitched up and down and he tried to still, not wanted to wake the others. Bright Eyes had already noticed him. Peter peered at him from his bunk, shining eyes judging him. Scrutinizing. He patted beside him, expecting an arm or a leg of a familiar face but found none. He kept forgetting. His chest evened out as Peter sat up, leaning towards him. 'Nightmare mate?' son of a. 'Y-yeah. You don't need to worry yourself about it. I'm off to get a glass of water' They whispered some more as he stood and walked on shaky legs to the door. 'You know you can't be out, you'll get lost I swear'. Have it your way. 'Then come with me eejit. If you're so worried'. He had forgotten he had probably sweat the powder off of his face and his eyes were glassier, brighter. When they walked to the kitchen, the lights were off and he slid in through the door as Peter sat by one of the tables, he came back with a glass of water. The only light coming from the inner kitchen so they didn't get caught. 'I know you.' they looked each other dead in the eye and Peter smiled. He smiled back. 'Couldn't even hide it for a day could I?' they both shared a small and whispered laugh, 'No, I don't suppose you could. Tom-? Right?' 'Tommy yeah, thanks for that by the way. Getting us out of there'. He continued to drink the cold liquid, getting rid of his dry throat and calming him down some. 'Was, was that because of that place?' He gave him a fond and apologetic look. 'And other things, it's fine. Just a change of, atmosphere. I'll be fine tomorrow' That probably wasn't true. Peter straight through him. 'Sure, whatever you say. What are you doing here anyway? Why aren't you back with the other soldiers or hiding? Why the Navy?' The room was cold and the stone floor made his bare feet tingle. 'Conscription. Had to. Changed the name and face so there's no, questions asked. Though I gotta promise you that you won't tell. Or I'll have to batter you' He winked and they both barked out a laugh. Being caught be damned. 'Cross my heart. You done? I don't particularly want to be kicked out the first day' He nodded and placed the glass back before turning off the light and they crept their way back but took a wrong turn and ended up in the court yard. 'What the hell Tommy? I thought you knew where we were going?' 'As if, I thought you knew. You're the sailor' 'Barely. Here this way' They moved back into the building and up some stairs. About twenty minutes they finally made it back, slipping back into their covers. He didn't-have another nightmare that night. The training started simple and he already knew what he was doing, Peter, Fred grasped on pretty quickly, Finley struggling slightly so he gave him a little hand with the combat and athletic parts where he could. Peter had to get used to calling him Sam in public, getting a nudge every time he nearly slipped up. They had become relatively good friends over the first couple of weeks, the past ordeal pulling them a little more closely than the rest. And somehow Peter had snuck in even though he was 19, too young to be here. But he guessed some of the other boys were like that too. When they were finally allowed a days rest he decided to finally write a letter back home, he urged Peter to do the same after finding out about his more, abrupt way of leaving. He made it simple and affectionate. 'Dear all, I'm sorry for leaving so suddenly, though Heidi should have broken the news to you. I feel like you, Evan and Alex would hate it here. As well as Roussel. It's very crowded and intense. Though I some how met the lad from that boat. He's much like us in the way we were left after May. I do hope you could tell Mr Johnson not to worry, he's grown awfully fond of me somehow. And I hope you haven't either burnt the house down or killed some one. (I'm looking at you, Alex and Heidi) And Evan do keep going with the Post job. I feel it will bring you more joy the days you see my letters come through, I hope. And Heidi, the powder is doing well even though it thoroughly annoys me and makes my skin , and you two best of look with fixing that railway. It will be tough and you better not mouth off your head engineer or set the oil on fire with your cigars. Try not die without me either, you'll need to go shopping and cook for yourselves. Not to mention clean and launder your clothes. For the love of God! Besides, I hope to keep writing. I am worried you'll get yourselves stupidly killed. Plenty of Love, Samuel. P.S - Roussel I know you struggle with reading so the smaller piece is for you' He signed it with his fake name and added a drawing he had done for Roussel, a small sketch of the port. Hopefully, it would be enough to convey the message he was Ok. He was ever that experienced with drawing but enjoyed sketching the landscape every now and again, or animals. He never thought to pursue the craft since he was younger in London. When he was done and mailed the letter he noticed Peter had left one too and walked back to his dorm to meet up with the other lads, a long night ahead of him. When he got there he noticed the Scottish muppets were there, Finley's friends apparently. A very long night. (AN - ok so I realise people might not know Irish/English slang too much sooo, Chancer is some one who is pretty dodgy/chances their arm. A muppet is a fool, Knackered is like Shattered- really exhausted or tired. a spud is a Potatoe. Scottish people can be dicks. Wait, what? Whanker is like Wanker so a fool or dick, (sorry this is rather abrasive) erm, if I missed anything from other chapters or anything let me know. ;) xx I wonder what Peter writes oh ho ho ;)) )[Chapter 32] They were one of the firsts ones to reach the base, the others were to arrive in a few days since one of the stations had been bombed. Unlucky fellows. He was bunked into room 149, with Fredrick. The bunks were simple and welcoming despite being rather small, it would do. It was accompanied by a small bathroom, a toilet and simple shower. Fredrick was easy to talk to, had similar outlooks and interests. Wanted to be a captain when he was older, determined to make it through Navy college. When he asked how well he could tell what the letter had been about his reply was, 'You speak louder with your eyes than you think' He wasn't a bad bloke. Their first night was formal, greetings at the main entrance and a lecture about what they were expected to do and how to behave. Easy enough. Once they were fed they were sent to bed at curfew, all lights out. Fredrick took top bunk he took the bottom. They didn't bother unpacking, saving it for tomorrow. As soon as he was in bed he felt different, the bed was hard and stiff. Not like his hammock at all and there was no extra warmth. It bloody sucked. He got very little sleep that night. The next day they had off since the others would be arriving, so everyone would be together for training. He went down to the cafe to have breakfast with Fredrick. It was a simple buffet style breakfast, pick what you want for the first day. Their treat. He picked simple beans on toast and egg while Fredrick ate half the bloody stall. Once they had eaten and they were shown around the base properly the other boys arrived, having walked from the station. They were told to go back to their rooms or the game room while they settled the others in. He and Fredrick were well into a game of pool before it nearly hit curfew, time to hit the hay he guessed. The walk back was quiet and they eventually found their way back. Fredrick opened the door and they walked in to see another lad already there. Thorn like hair and striking blue eyes, he was a smaller frame to them and looked more graceful than the two of them combined. Said his name was Samuel. Where had he seen a face like his before? The other came running in, Finley and was rather nervous by the looks of it. The four of them quickly went to bed, Samuel taking the bottom bunk of the other beds and Finley taking the top one. He managed to fall asleep from pure boredom but was woken to murmuring and soft whining. For a split second, he thought it was George having another nightmare but remembered he wasn't here. Ignoring the way his heart felt tight he turned his head to see it was Samuel, tossing and turning. Pushing up the covers as if he was stuck. He knew some boys would get home sick or the base would intimidate them, but this night terror was definitely not about being away from home. If the murmurs of 'sinking' and his soft whine of 'not the water, please' was telling him anything. The terror got worse as the minutes passed but the other two had yet to wake, he was about to get up and help the lad but he launched himself into a seating position like a bolt, eyes confused and chest heavy. He was sweating and through the moonlit window, he could see the other lad had freckles poking through some, powder? And some dotting along his shoulder into his back where his shirt had slipped slightly in the torment. No wonder he recognised him, it was the lad from the boat who had kept George alive. What was his name? Thomas? Tom? Something like that. They made eye contact and he stated he knew him, watched as his eyes looked straight to the exit and then managed to tag along with him to get some water, way past curfew. They threw some banter at each other and he remembered the lad went by Tommy, though it was going to be hard calling him Samuel in public. He had been forced into conscripting, to make sure the others weren't found out and ended up here. What a weird turn of events. After getting lost and confused they finally made it back to their room and went to sleep. The training was tiring but satisfying, basic training of phase one, Tommy obviously already knew what to do and he and Fredrick picked up pretty quickly, Finley lagging behind. Tommy had ebbed him to write a letter to back home as he would be doing the same, the thing is. How on earth did he do that? Obviously, he had pen and paper, and the address. But how was he supposed to write to them when he ran off and didn't even talk to George. What was he supposed to say? He could be like James and reassure them but he didn't want to do that with the knowledge that he could very much die while doing this. He still kept his pin on his fleece, it was small enough that no one bothered him about it, but he had already developed a bad habit of smoothing his thumb over it when he was thinking or slightly worried. His first few attempts ended up on the floor and he nearly broke the fountain pen at least twice before he finally got somewhere. 'Dear Dad and George, I've been convinced enough by a friend to write to you since it has hit mid-February and I feel like you deserve to know I'm alright and I sitting here with the full knowledge of what I have done. I don't really know what to say, I left on dodgy terms and I know I did exactly what James did, ran off in anger and sadness. I didn't mean to leave you but I would like to think I can spare you the hell by going through this. This one is on us, alright? And if I could change my mind and do it all again. Know how it would all end, Then I'd like to think I wouldn't change a thing. I need you to know I love you both more than you will ever know, even if I had all the answers laid in front of me I would still pick this route. I know now that I really couldn't have gotten a better family, and I won't leave you behind. Not on your life. I'll come home, promise. And when I do, I'll pay back all we owe don't worry about it. I don't deserve any of your letters, I wouldn't expect any less from loved ones I've angered. But in the hope you will write, I will read them with tender I assure you. And I know I can't take anything back now, not ever and for that, I am so sorry. I wish I could be there and hold you and apologise properly but that will have to wait. Reasoning aside, the base is quite pleasant. The lad that kept you safe on the boat, George, is here and by some odd twist of fate rooms with me and the other two lads. The town is homey and welcoming, gave us beers as we came in on the train.' He checked the time and the others would be back from lunch soon. 'I have to go now, busy training, but know the two of you aren't alone, I'll be there eventually. Peter' He folded the letter placed his name 'Peter A R Dawson' with the address and the return before stamping it and walking to the post box. After about two minutes of debating by the red box, he flung the letter in and didn't look back at it as he jogged back to the dorms. It was going to be a long month. (AN- sorry this is a short one :D I didn't want to spoil future chapters by continuing, we'll see what George thinks of this letter hmm ;) - also, you're probably like 'tf you updating on a Monday for?' well it's sitting here in my drafts and I can't so here )[Chapter 33] He had ended up sleeping in James' room after Peter left, the room they shared had broken him down to tears several times before he refused to enter. Unable to bare the empty and cold room. Jasper had noticed the missing presence just as quickly, chewing at Peter's wellies or pawing at his door. That dog was too aware for his own good. He talked to Mrs Hamilton and she had mentioned talking to Peter before he stormed off, what she told him made him feel quite annoyed. Those things were a bit abrasive to be shouting at Peter the way he was. They had also managed to fix the house back up but it still felt cold, as if they weren't supposed to be there. John had closed himself of more than usual, occasionally staring into nothingness, sometimes a little bit of a wild look on his face. He would rarely talk and was slightly bitter when he actually did. Apathy brewing in his heart. George had been trying to fill the cracks back in, so they could survive until Peter came back. He took up similar jobs to Peter although his eye meant he couldn't do all of it and helped at the bakers. He hadn't been keeping up too much with the days of the week but he noticed it was the 13th of February. He had been looking at the calendar while washing up and ended up dropping the plate on the floor when he realised. They had completely forgotten since Peter left. John was out at the Pub, probably feeling sorry for himself and since Peter wasn't here and James was- he already had his boots and coat on after picking up the slightly broken plate and walked to the florist that had survived the bombing from last year and then some. Jogging down, people greeted him and he had to focus not to bump into anything, his leg brushing up against a hedge. Once he was there he picked up a bouquet of lilies and primroses before leaving with a quick goodbye. How had they become so jaded? He took several left and rights before coming up to the familiar sight, the grave yard. He darted across the war graves and civilians before making it to the headstones. He slowed as he came up to the slightly worn and mossy stone underneath the willow tree. He re-read the carved lines he watched over every February 13th. 'Erin Primrose Margaret Dawson' the name of Peter's mother was still there in elegant writing. They would usually visit her sometime in February, aiming for the day she passed away, the 13th, always with lilies or primroses. She had died a couple years before they basically adopted George and he had never met her. Peter spoke of her rarely but always highly and with a sense of Pride. James would do a similar thing with all the few times they talked. She was a strong woman, with a sense of devotion and deep love. She was also a fisher, though would always beat them apparently. When she had passed away, everyone took it badly but James was apparently the worst off. He would never look a foreigner in the eye again. Fists curled and teeth bared. At least that's what Peter gathered from the way he behaved. But to get to a point where they forget about the lady of the house? George needed to have some serious words. John would be first. After telling her about what had happened and wishing her well, George made his way back home. When he got there the lounge light was on and it was mid afternoon, the sky deep hues of sorrow as the sun settled herself in for the night. Jasper greeted him as he made his way in and John was in the lounge, sitting there absentmindedly. Unmoving in the arm chair. He sighed as he made his way in. 'You forgot Mr Dawson'. He looked at him with confused and tired eyes. 'Pardon George?' he sounded sober and the tea cup next to him made him feel relieved. At least he wasn't drinking his sorrows away. 'You forgot about your wife Mr Dawson, you need to step out of this, well whatever this is!' He gestured to John in the chair before continuing. 'What do you think is going to happen? Peter gets back and you've drunk yourself silly, can barely say one sentence before hiccupping and have become so! So hateful and apathetic you won't even care he's come back ok! Because he will come home alright.' 'Well I-' 'Peter wouldn't want this'. 'Now you will go get changed and have a shower, then you will dress your best and I'll make you a quick meal. I know you haven't eaten at all today, and then you will go visit Erin. And when you get back it's an early night. You need to take Moonstone out tomorrow. Come on. Up you go'. He ushered him up the stairs and for the first time in the entire month, he smiled. John was smiling again. He made him a quick lunch and once that was eaten pushed him out the door with a fond smile as he passed him his cap, the same one he'd been wearing for years. 'Off you go, and be careful up those bends!' He heard a gruff laugh as John disappeared down the road, at least he looked a lot better than every day since then. He finished up the day by cleaning the house, apart from that room, and opening the windows to air out the dust and dog hair. When John returned they had a meal like before, small talk and stories shared over pie. It had been a while and he missed it dearly. When their routine had gotten back into place George eventually began helping the excavation and serving the workers their lunch and tea. When the end of March rolled around they got a letter. He had come back from walking Jasper and nearly stood on the poor thing, Peter's name glaring at him accusingly for daring to do such a thing. He picked it up, and another one that was for John about paying bills, and took it inside. A certain type of giddiness rose up in his chest. He swore the butterflies could worm their way out if they tried. He let Jasper do his own thing and moved to the Settee to read it. He had never grasped something, perhaps other than his necklace, with so much trust as he began opening it. Peter had actually written to them! He had addressed both of them, a certain sadness in his words. Why did he feel the need to do anything for them? They were the ones who lashed out first. He was saying sorry even though he hadn't done anything wrong. It made him feel guilty, the butterflies being torn and forgetting how to fly. He hadn't really angered them, well probably his father but they had spat at each other, fangs without venom until they got to the breaking point. Had someone kept him safe on the boat? He could only remember half a face, blue eyes and dark hair. The rest was numb to him. At least Peter was fine and safe. The last few lines made him chuckled before he fell back on the settee, Jasper coming to lay by him, Letter held close to his chest. The idiot had finally written. He felt content enough on the sole fact Peter had gotten enough spirit to write to them. And they would definitely write back. He began to doze off and must have fallen asleep when the door startled him, John coming in and taking his coat off. He smiled at the sight of him. 'Busy day George?' He sat up as John walked in and sat in his arm chair, picking up a book about battleships. 'Well' he pulled out the syllables and then held out the letter, 'Peter finally wrote to us!'. 'Well! Why didn't you say so earlier, give it here! Is he well?' 'Well, you'll have to read it!'. He passed the letter over and John read it, uttering things like 'oh, Peter' and 'There's no need for that' before smiling fondly. 'Grab the pen and paper, let's write him a well-deserved reply'. And so they did. (AN - so these chapters are shorter than most, only because I'm moving everyone around all over the place:'D That and not much is happening since everyone is settling down again)[Chapter 34] They had been bombing Plymouth and Cornwall since late March, turning them from lush gardens to burning pyres. In a steadfast reaction, their training was postponed and in its place, they were quickly trained to join up with the army and air force to help civilians in Torpoint specifically. The others would take the rear. Their training consisted of rubble removal, air raid preparation, pulling bodies and or people out of buildings, fire preparation etc. It was tiring but he had a feeling it would most likely come in handy. When April came around they were sent into town on small errands after smaller raids, him and Peter tackling getting people out of the burning buildings while Fred and Finley focused on getting the rubble moved. The men were scattered everywhere, across most of Plymouth and Cornwall, The third time they had done this in April and it was quickly becoming exhausting and routine. Their base had yet to be targeted specifically by lucky chance, the others, however, took the brunt. Their barrage balloons had taken some of the damage but had already crushed a few people. Unable to be saved as their lungs turned black and blue. Churchill had appeared, sauntering about and dishing out some motivation. Not like they bloody needed it, staying alive was enough thanks. It was the 18th however when things went a little awry. They had been sent out in the evening, a bombing up by the dance hall, a place heavily frequented by people looking for a good time. She was a burning pit of hatred when they got there. The place was grand, large ballrooms fit for their purpose, stone and marble elegantly sculpted. But that didn't stop her from beginning to start collapsing underneath herself. It was like the story of Alhambra his mother used to tell him back in London. He just hoped it didn't pan out the same way. There were still far too many people inside and he and Peter decided to cut to the chase, legging it in through the large broken windows on the side. 'You got the left side yeah Pete?' 'Sure, you get the right' and they were clambering in, navy uniforms already covered in soot and smoke, smouldering slightly at the edges and cuffs. They ditched their caps back at the base, no need for them in this dreadful place. As he clambered in the heat rose to his skin, pulling it taught while the flames tore up the side of the floral wallpaper. He was on the lower floor and there was no one he could see, but the harrowing screams upstairs still told him he had a job to do. The stairs crackled and wailed, embers burning in the splits of the oak. The bannister had already given way, balustrade peeling away to welcome him. When he got up there the flames had lessened but the smoke thicker, he had already covered his mouth and nose, but the smoke meant he could barely see in front of him. Tommy pulled the door away slightly with his lacklustre strength and made his way into one of the private rooms, where a man was on the bed by the window holding his two children in a tight grasp, coat over their heads. The window was a still a viable option, luckily, and he moved to grab them. As soon as he parted his lips he regretted it, the black chalk twisting down his throat making him splutter. 'C-come on Sir. I need to get you out. The w-window.' They needed to get out quickly, otherwise, they would fall to the black smoke. He pulled the man up and moved the four of them to the windows before they both pulled it up, the smoke billowing outwards, he locked the window in place and the man scurried out first, his children were long forgotten. Son of a. They were on the third floor and since this place was grand, it was a long way down. The man had taken the only fireman close by to help him get down and the two children were still with him. He grabbed the two of them, a girl about nine or ten and a younger boy about seven, and moved to the window sill. They would have to go up before they could think about getting down. At least breathing was slightly easier here. Slightly. 'Alright you two grab on, we're going up' they nodded through dry tears and he hoisted them onto his chest as they wrapped around his neck. Ouch. Two children were not exactly light. He pulled them up and onto the slanted roof, before shimmying them up slowly until they were at the tip, air cleaner allowing them to breathe. They were taking their sweet time getting men over here, he had only seen two firefighters through the blaze. For kids they were rather quiet, grasping to him and each other with little fists covered in deep black. Now they just had to get down to the ground, before the good side of the roof fell. The other was bombed straight through meaning they would have to either go around or wait. Either was just as bad as the other. It felt just like that train, the heat choking him as he went. The plates shifted and flames crawled up the sides slowly. 'Right, I need you two to be brave now. Hold on tight and move with me ok. I'll get you down.' The two of them nodded slowly and looked at him wildly with crystal eyes. That innocence would surely haunt him later. With their tiny fists grasping his fleece and with their arms locked on one of his they moved to the other side of the building. He grabbed the iron railing that was bent around the spire and sides of the roof, the heat burning his hand as he hissed. The brickwork had come undone, trickling down into the inferno that had begun to rage beneath them. The green roof slates slipped and fell beneath his feet as he shifted along, using the railing and spire for support. He saw the others pulling the injured out by the side, spotting Finley who looked at him before straightening up and running over to the fire brigade, for the love of god please get a ladder. One of the children squirmed while crying slightly, slipping out of his arm, he had to reach over the hole to grab him in time. As they continued forward and made it across, the roof work gave way and they tumbled down to the edge, moving too fast for his eyes to catch up, he grabbed the gutter which screeched as it tried to support their combined weight, the sharp metal digging into his hand. He gripped one of the two as fast and hard as he could, the other slipping past like a ghost. As if they were never there. His eyes grew wide in just enough time to see her fall to the ground, body spread like an angel, crimson halo broken on the pathway. The other one began to cry and wail, squirming to get down. The Gutter was pulled further, he knew the flimsy metal wouldn't last long. There was a tree next to them but it was thin and bare and he couldn't see Finley with the ladder, not to mention the boy was becoming hysterical. Tommy moved his arm slightly, the muscle slightly tearing in protest. He looked down to see both Finley and another bloke with a ladder. Finally. They pulled it up to the second floor and held it steady for him. He moved the small bundle in his arms and turned to face the burning building before pulling back and falling to grab the window sill ledge in time. His feet found the ladder and he managed to climb down, turning to avoid looking at the broken angel. He passed the boy to the other bloke and he took him to the medics as he pulled back, Finley patting his back as he coughed. 'Jesus Sam, you're a mad one I tell ya. You need to get that hand looked at. And your lungs, holy Mary.' He pulled him along to the medic bay and everyone got out, at least the ones alive, as she fell onto her self with one last breath, spitting at their faces in hatred and betrayal. The nurse made quick work of his hand, a small burn that would heal. He was adamant his lungs would be fine. Once bandaged they moved to help the others with rubble removal. He didn't dare look back at the hall. He spotted Peter and one of the Scotts, shifting the rubble of one of the houses next to the dance hall. They smiled at each other before the rest of the day was spent moving debris out of the way of the roads and any houses still standing with a roof over its head and then returning back to the base, thoroughly shattered. They had dinner and retreated to bed. His quiet nightmares filled with smoke and crimson halos he couldn't save. They weren't attacked at the base until the 28th. The four of them were out having lunch, one of the rarer days where they had a little more freedom. The spring had thawed the winter earlier this year, little daisies sprouting amongst blades of evergreen. The food was rather pleasant, small ham and cheese sandwiches with some water. Simple and filling. Finley and Fredrick were having an argument over which was the quickest way to tie the certain knot they were on about. Peter had already told them but they refused to listen, Adamant they knew what they were doing. 'You're both morons, you're doing it wrong. Use that type of tie to rope an anchor and you've lost the anchor. Pull it through twice not once, then again around the side' 'No, no. This will work, I'm positive. My mam would know what to do' 'Of course she would, I say we tie this to a tree and test it on you, Yeah?' They had some worn down rope in the middle of the circle they were sat in, on the small hill by the training fields. The rope was continuously tied and then pulled apart, fraying at its ends. 'Sammy, What do you think?' Finley had decided to call him that, despite him saying he didn't need to. He just let him do it after a while. He shook his head. 'Pete's right, you're doing it wrong' the two of them groaned as him and Peter laughed, they could really be such morons. But they were good lads he supposed, Finley being a mummy's boy and Fredrick a hooligan. Lunch continued on in a similar fashion before he even heard it. It was gentle and soft, at first, and he thought he was imagining things. Looking out towards the sea and listening. It was still there. So why had the air raid siren yet to go off? The hum rattled his bones and the others looked at him as he stood abruptly. 'Air shelter. Now.' They didn't question him as he jogged down the hill and turned the corner towards the shelters, they had three Andersons close by, larger than usual. He jogged towards the furthest one and opened it. Peter looked at him in confusion but got inside anyway as he held open the door, Finley was in next and then Fredrick before he moved in with them shutting the sheet door closed. 'What the hell Sam? Why are we here?' Fredrick looked at him with doubt and Peter gave him a very knowing look. 'They're coming and this place is about to go up in smoke so either stay here or leave, I don't care.' He moved to sit on the bench Peter was at, opposite the other two. 'Well, the siren didn't go off. How do you know?' He really didn't have a way to explain that, other than giving away his actual identity. Peter managed to cover for him. 'He grew up with planes, at a base in- Yorkshire. Lived with the sounds all his life. If anyone can hear them it'll be Sam.' the others seemed convinced and eventually the ground rattled as men began scurrying around outside. Finley opened the door for them and a few others ran inside. They shut the door as it became crowded, the air thick. There was thundering all around them. And it just kept going. Screams and crashes vibrated through the shelter and all they could do was hope. These weren't the best shelters they had, these were above ground and the safer ones were all the way on the other side and since these were new, they were in the open by the trees. There was a crash and the side of the shelter by Finley and Fredrick as it began crushing them slightly as they tried to move away. The one next to them was probably already hollowed out. It lasted about thirteen minutes before Tommy deemed it safe to leave. He pushed past the other blokes, Peter right behind him, and he peeled the door away (also with the help of Peter) and stepped out into purgatory. The others filed out and joined him in staring at such an intimate sight from his past. The ground was torn to shreds, bombs gouging out the concrete and dirt as they went, bodies crumpled in abnormal positions, blood pooling like targets around them. He was right in knowing the shelter next to him would be gone. The whole thing was burnt and torn out, the disintegrated parts of other boys sitting like wax figures, melted and waned. The smoke plummed in certain areas, thick and distorted against the blue sky behind it. There were other men running around to injured and others shouting out commands. The base still stood, proud and untouched. They had bombed the gardens, fields and shelters. They knew they would be there. The training boats were probably gone, turned to sunken heaps. The other shelter had taken some of the bombs too, one side gutted through, more wax like shapes piling out of it. The other men were either, hysterical, about to pass out or completely petrified. Or he supposed, downright pissed. 'Bloody 'ell. They're bloody ruthless aren't they.' 'Oi Walker! Help me grab this one, still breathin'!' 'We got a no leg here! Pull me a stretcher!' 'I need some morphine here now! We've got a nine-and a half minute window to work with over here! Where's the morphine?!' The shouts and bellows continued in a similar fashion as Peter dragged him away from the scene a little. 'Where are the Spits?! Or the Hawkers!? We're bloody dying down here!' 'They're stuck up at Devon most likely you fool! Or further up the coast!' Of course, they are, even with radar reaching so far down the coast would be difficult with the little number of planes they had left. Once they had moved out of the way and over to the side of the base other officials started moving in, the medics and nurses, air wardens and civilians. All running in to help the other boys. It made his head hurt seeing so many jumpers, skirts, trousers, rain coats, amongst all the uniform. It didn't feel right. 'You alright Tommy?' His voice was a whisper by his side, reassuring. 'Y-yeah, hadn't felt that in a while. I'm good. Come on, let's help out' They moved to help move other lads out of the rubble, helped move stretchers and tried to save as many as they could. He had a feeling that there were at least forty dead and a lot more injured beyond service. To the higher ups that just means more bloody paper work, but to them and their captains, it was too many young faces lost for good. (AN - ok so this lot did happen, April 28th and March 1941 were horrid for HMS Raleigh and Torpoint. The large dance hall/town hall did get bombed, though it probably was just straight up flattened instead of burning down, but who doesn't love a bit of action ;) One of the shelters was destroyed but the base made it out in one piece, the turf was pretty much gone though. About 40 people died and a lot more were injured. Nowadays the base holds a yearly service for the ones lost which I thought was very sweet, though in the real deal it was mostly engineers who were killed, the militiamen weren't really present on the day. Also, do you know how hard it is to write Sam instead of Tommy like holy:'D Also Alhambra was a theatre place in London that burned down to the ground in the 1890's, so his mother probably told Tommy about it to make sure he didn't play with matches or try to burn their apartment down. Mam- scottish version of Mum)[Chapter 35] After the bombing, they had spent the week fixing everything again. The fields and turf were the worst off and it meant they could only train on the boats, and since they hadn't passed to be 'training fit' they had to wait it out. They had lost quite a few lads so the navy had decided to call out for volunteers and they would be appearing in the next week or so. They would be having a service for the men they lost in about three weeks. He hadn't talked to any of the men who were killed, so he didn't feel too much remorse. He wouldn't admit it, that would be rude. But that didn't change the fact he had seen a lifeless body more times than he could count. All different ages, faces, identities. Lost to the war. And that was only here in Torpoint, he dreaded to think of all the others. At the beginning of the aftermath, he had been tasked with clearing out the raid shelters with four or so other blokes. He didn't think it would be so...messy. As he walked into the middle one, the one that had been flattened, he had to ready himself a little. Even though one of the lads just pushed him in. Straight into dried pools of red. 'Come on! Move it!' the bloke moved in next to him and had to leave, gagging up his breakfast. He motioned for one of the others to hand him a stretcher, this was probably a two man job but he could handle it. One of them came over and handed one to him, rolling it out on the ground. 'Cheers'. Turning back to the grim scene flashed images of an orange rain coat and marred face. This was different Peter. Get your head in gear. He picked up the ones in halves first, leaking dark blood all over his spare uniform, they'd been given one for the cleanup, and placed a few on the stretchers. He tried to think they were fish on a boat, things he just had to move and be done with. Some one would want them. To be honest with himself, it just made it worse. Once he had gotten them out he moved onto the whole ones, burned and melted in areas and many with ruined faces or open chests. Though most would have suffocated or died from a spine injury, it didn't make the ghoulish corpses any better. Once all the bodies were gone and taken to the temporary 'morgue' they had set up so they could identify people, he moved one to help the others strip back the shelters. They would need to get the new ones set back up as quickly as possible. Or risk more lives. It was quite difficult to move the wriggly tin and it took them awhile. One of them was clumsy though. They had the roof off, just trying to take away the sides and the bloke shouted at them. 'Oi, I've sliced my hand, stop a second' 'Well mate, we can't, she'll topple on someone. You just need to hold out' 'But it's bleedin' everywhere, and it kinda hurts' He sighed, this bloke. 'Then let it bleed, you're not screaming in pain, I think you'll live' the guy whined but they got the side down, placing it on top of the other sheets as the bloke ran to get his hand sorted. Once all the wriggly tin was moved and the shelter was down they were done for the day. He met up with the others after showering and getting dressed and they hit the sack quite early. The rest of the month and half way through May was just that, spent on the cleanup. By the end of May, he got a reply to the letter. They had resumed basic training and would be done in a month or so, ready for the second phase, and he had returned to their room, satisfied from the days training to two letters on the drawer they all shared. One was dated 20/04/41 and addressed to him the other was dated 14/03/41 and addressed to 'Samuel' so Tommy. He threw Tommy's on his bed and sat on his own, letter in hand. There was a crude, yet charming, drawing of Jasper on the front. No doubt by George, with his little bandanna and black and white face, body dotted with his spots and his black tear drop. It pulled a chuckle from him and he peeled back the envelope carefully, revealing the letter and two photographs. They were about jacket pocket size and the first one was of his dad, George and Jasper, obviously recent and they were all smiling. And he swore it was Botany Bay in the background. How they got these done were beyond him, photographers were rare and not cheap, he loved it regardless. The second one was just of George, bright smile and brighter eyes, his curls wilder than he last saw them. The first one had a small caption at the bottom, 'Always waiting for you to come home!' in his dads writing. So he wasn't mad at him anymore, or at least not as much. He didn't even know he was tense but after that, he felt more relieved. The other one had some of George's hand writing on the back, 'You come home to me! I love you!' and a small little drawing of a boat. His hand writing had never been perfect, then again neither was Peter's, but it still held a child like warmth, the curves and dots putting a smile on his face. He placed the photo of the three of them with the others from James, safe in his bag while he placed the one from George in his trouser pocket. Close to him. He pulled the letter open and read it with a dopey smile on his face. 'Peter, How many times do I have to hear you apologise before you realise you don't have to? You can be a real idiot you know. You must get that from your father I swear! And of course we'll write to you, don't think for a second we won't and that we don't bloody love you. The only thing you could do to make us mad right now would be to get yourself stupidly killed so don't, we heard about the bombings at the town you're in and hope you're safe, we don't know when you'll get this but we hope you aren't doing stupid things. We're are just fine, though I had to pull your father out of his moping, he realises you'd be sad if we didn't live for you to come home. So we will. Mrs Hamilton is fine, and she's sorry for shouting at you, Jasper is also fine, a little sad you left but he awaits your return too! The underground system is coming along well too, I hope to help out after it's built. I owe them something at least. Anyways, We do hope you write back soon and as always, we love you. George and your father, PS - Your father will be ready to apologise when you get back, I'll make him.' The letter made him feel much better, a fondness settling in his stomach, nesting there. He placed the letter in his bag like the other things he had stored up. Seemed like that's where everything will live for now. As he tidied up the others came up, Tommy brightening up like him when he saw his own letter, but saving it for later. They had to go out to continue training. May passed with ease, the training continuing on. (AN - so wriggly tin is slang for like that corrugated metal, the one they use for sheds nowadays and used for Anderson shelters)[Chapter 36] It was the end of April when they finally got the underground systems excavated. He had decided he was going to help out furnish it and move stuff around. John had gone to spend the next couple days directing the 'fixing up' of the harbour. They knew they would have to send ships out again, or bring one's back to the dock and since they were on the Strait, they could get to safety easier. However they currently really didn't have a harbour left or much of a dock. So they had managed to scurry some supplies from the factories in Devon, pulling out spare wood and a little bit of metal. As for the tunnels, people had been carving out furniture and shelter materials for the past month or so, ready to move in. The walk down was uplifted, their letters with Peter had stayed strong and they always awaited his reply back though it had only been a couple months, he had said he had a feeling he would be deployed around November. George tried not to think about it. When he got there people were already bustling about and he met up with the head of the whole thing, Engineer Brimmel, whose persistence was outstanding. They had gone off of the railways, building a rail tunnel around 1924. Then when August came and the attack was still known as the largest air attack yet. And it had started the whole 'Blitz' they were still currently stuck in. The actual tunnels had begun in 1939 and had been going since, only really being talked about and pushed forward in '40. They had still been going strong and now, she could hold 60,000 of them. She took up the whole city underground, completely safe from the smaller air raids they had had. It was as if every time they came they would drop a few before continuing on their merry way. George hated them. The tunnels had been looking after them every since, Broadstairs and Margate had luckily yet to be hit, George had a feeling it wouldn't stay that way for long. Whenever they heard the siren the whole town would scurry underground and now, everyone seemed to just live there, the furnishing starting this week. Might as well make her look pretty and not so dingy. The electricians would be down today, finally lighting her up properly. They already had the plumbing sorted. He guessed heating would be next. Brimmel greeted him fondly, ready to give him a few jobs. 'Look 'ho it is! Just the lad I wanted to see! Come 'ere, let me get you these things'. he moved and called another girl over, they handed him a trolley of fabric and carpet. So he'd be helping the plasterers then. Half of the tunnels was already pretty much done, they were just working on the other side by the Harbour. When he got to the first set of rooms he began getting the fabric and pulling it up on the walls, a way to keep heat in and hide the rock. A plasterer came in and they spent the rest of the day carpeting certain areas and walls. The tunnels were also named as the ARP tunnels, air wardens usually hovering around the entrance. By the end of the week, they had what they wanted to be furnished and everything was set out. There was a hospital area near the railway, a cafe of sorts to feed people, some smaller shops like grocers and newspaper stands. And the rest was mostly bedding and protection. Everyone had grown rather fond of the place. When he went down on the next Monday the harbour had been bombed again, the ceilings underground shaking as people ran in. He kept to the side and waited, John would still be out there with the other lads and boats. He scanned all the people as they rushed in, not seeing John or any of the girls and younger lads that were working on the Harbour. It lasted about twenty-seven minutes before people went to assess the damage. He climbed out and saw John by the entrance, turning back to the harbour it was just as bad as all the other times, but smoke was billowing from the area he didn't want to see. He dodged people and moved forward through the crowd before he was out and running. Running down the boulevard before turning into the docks, passing Sundowner, jogging down the broken wood and stairs. When he found her, she looked in so much pain. She had been waiting for them. She was moving out on the waves just off the dock, no doubt the earlier waters having pushed her away. She was on her side, a gash in her front. Her bright maroon and ivory skin was peeling, burnt off and being picked up by the mourning winds. Her deck was damaged beyond repair, the wood splintering like broken skin, water seeping in. She was crying smoke, the small tendrils pulling at the air as she dipped down further. The waters were lapping slowly at her side and she whined, the broken sound echoing through the whole harbour. She looked so desperate, empty. John must have joined him as the wood next to him creaked and he turned to look at him slightly. His eyes held a telling pain and he was stiff. Of all the boats in this harbour. It had to be their little girl. Turning back was an ordeal, her crying had worsened and the smoke filled around them. They couldn't just- just leave her. She was a part of the team. Part of their family. Moonstone was one of the first boats he got on that didn't sink or complain. The boat he had been sailing with all his time here. The companion that had carried them through hell and high water. Through that man made horror. She had managed to do so much for them. They had each other and there was no better boat. She was one of their best friends and had seen them to her end. Carried their weary heads along, they weathered every weather. She deserved a proper goodbye. At the very least. 'Mr Dawson-' 'G-grab some dry wood and oil, we'll give her the send off she bloody deserves'. John stalked off to find some things as people gathered slightly, a woman passed him some oil but he couldn't find any dry wood. He found some cloth but that was about it. When he returned she was on her last breath, crying all but silent. Her wounds had yet to cease but she was holding strong. Of course, she would, she's their Moonstone after all. John returned later with the cane in hand and a lighter. 'I could only- only find some cloth and oil' 'Pass it here then, George'. He did and John grabbed his cane and began wrapping it in the cloth and the top, tying a proper knot. he then drenched the top in oil. 'Wait- Mr Dawson, I- I don't. That's your cane. Special cane-' and it was, the willow had been carved for him on his birthday before James' left and he rarely took it out, scared it would get damaged. 'A proper send-off George'. Oh. He lit the cloth before tossing it on her deck, she brightened up as she was lit, her cold body burning bright one more time. Though she couldn't talk to them her silence spoke volumes. She must be happy, happy that she could keep them safe and content while she could. Happy that they got to her one last time. She was happy. The smoke turned black, her body turning into ashes, the wind carrying her away in poignant misery. She could finally join the sea again. One last time. Everyone collectively stopped for a minute, just to give her a minute of peace. They all knew John had basically lived with that boat, it had originally been his fathers and he had kept her safe all these years. People moved on to take in the rest of the damage while he and John stayed. Watching her maroon and white turn black as her skin peels away, showing her bright but broken skeleton beneath. Eventually, she smouldered and stopped burning, they stood there by her side for the entire thing, never taking their eyes off of her. Once the smoke had left for good, the sun was setting a deep orange, casting a small glow on her. 'Do we-' 'We let her decide, she's our girl after all' And he turned one final time and headed back home. One last look at her as she floated there, another ghost on the ocean. Indeed. It was her decision now. The walk home was filled with small tears and heavy hearts. (AN- Second time I've basically wept over a boat, oml. So Sundowner was the only boat to survive from Dunkirk, at least in one piece. And is currently docked as a museum and memorial of sorts. They wouldn't outlast the war front for long.)[Chapter 37] They had yet to get used to it. The house was still a little bit colder, a little bit sadder. But the letters made everything better. Heidi putting on a smile for them made it better, Alex and Evan bickering like a married old couple made it better. But it was still there in their hearts. He wondered what it would be like for Heidi when they had to go, no doubt they would. She would be so lonely, so sad. They would have to change that. Heidi, as he learned to call the witch and realised she wasn't such a witch, continued to teach him English. He caught on to the speaking and listening to people the best, the writing was still a bit difficult. She said his accent would be the hardest thing to cover up, Canadian would be his best option to say when people asked him. He realised that Evan loved animals, always cooing at them or bringing in sick ones, birds, strays, wild ones. He really had that instinct to protect and help. Whenever Alex saw him with an animal he would make it his job to call him 'princess' just to annoy him. Roussel had a feeling it would become Evan's 'freckles' quickly. He wasn't wrong. Whenever Tommy wrote to them he would always have a small sketch for Roussel, he had been keeping them safe in their room in the drawers, but always kept the first one folded up and one on his person. Alex had been given one at some point too since he complained Tommy was picking favourites. The one he got was a small sketch of some sheep and a light house, always folded up much like Roussel's and kept on him nearly all the time. It was a slower day at the rail works than usual, the stripping back almost done and the train had finally stopped burning. It was about the end of May and they had heard in the newspapers that the end of the Blitz had finally come, the RAF taking the victory. They were thankful, though they had a feeling that wouldn't be the last of the rogues trying their arms. They were done for the day and grabbed some beers on their way home, the cool liquid soothing his aching bones. They passed a pet shop and he remembered that both Heidi and Evan liked animals, and she would be lonely eventually. There was a box of kittens in the window, he stopped and looked at their small furry faces, peering at him with large eyes. Alex noticed and moved back to look in the window with him. 'What? You a Cat lover now?' 'For Princess, and the Witch' Alex barked out a laugh but seemed to get where he was coming from as he stepped into the shop, Roussel following behind. There was a middle aged woman with dark hair and harsh lines, a displeased expression on her face. 'What do you two want? I don't want any mishap here, if you're not buying then get out' She was grumpy and looked at them with spite. Alex took over, knowing his English was still in the works. 'Well Ma'am we were wondering if you had any cats or kittens for sale? We wanted to get on for our friends' She seemed to brighten at his words, her whole demeanour changed. 'Well! Why didn't you say so! Come I'll show you them' She moved to the window and brought the box over, putting it down a little too hard. There were eight kittens in there, he spotted the runt immediately. 'Part of the last litter that one, useless. Can barely walk'. She spat at it in her words. Roussel really did not like this woman. Alex picked the runt up and it went straight for his touch, anything to be warm he guessed. The others looked at them with bright eyes. The cat was black with one grey foot and a grey patch on his face, striking blue eyes. He didn't look like he struggled but he probably had weaker bones than the rest and was under fed. When Alex placed him on the table the kitten wobbled and whined, too tired to walk. Picking him back up Alex asked, 'How much?' she looked aghast at them, 'You want that one!? Well, I mean. Sod it. You can just have him, he's never going to sell. But you'll need to buy him some things' Just like that? Alex looked at her questionably but nodded anyway. They bought him a bed and some cat toy, a little ball and feather on a stick and string. They could probably buy him some canned meat. They left quickly, the woman already annoying him. The little kitten was nuzzled in his arms, Alex carrying the rest of the items. They grabbed some canned meat at the Grocers and made their way home. When they entered and took their shoes off, Roussel was gentle due to their new friend and entered the lounge, Heidi was already in the kitchen making dinner and Evan was sat in the lounge, reading one of Tommy's books. As he looked over he jumped up at the sight of the kitten. He was like a nine-year-old at Christmas. 'You got a kitten!?' he moved to take him out of his arms, holding him so light. Worried he would break them. 'You got a what!?' Heidi was bellowing in the kitchen. 'For Princess!' 'Al, don't call me that. We've been over this' 'Never going to happen' They were all grinning at each other, laughs bordering their lips. Heidi came out from the kitchen, smiling at the small bundle of joy in Evans' arms. 'Only you two could come home with a Goddamn cat.' and she was back in the kitchen, the smell of beef Ale strong. He turned to Evan, 'We noticed you liked animals and Heidi could do with some company'. Evan was ecstatic while he played with the kitten on the sofa, the little animal mewing in joy. Alex moved to the kitchen and came back with a small bowl of the canned food, the kitten wolfing it down. They stood by the door while Evan made a strong and quick bond with the kitten. Heidi called them for dinner and the kitten managed to join them, albeit with Evan helping him slowly into the dining room. The beef was good, but never as good as Tommy's, and the room felt a lot happier than it had been in a while. 'So Princess, what you gonna name 'im? He's basically yours'. Evan took a while to think before he looked at the kitten sitting on the table, he had insisted that he needed to be close to them and not where they could stand on the poor thing, 'Hmm, I know! Tom!' The kitten looked at him with bright little eyes, falling over his own paws. Definitely a Tom. They all had a feeling about where Evan got the name but didn't interfere. Tom joined their little family that night. And grew up with them to be such a mischevious little piece of work. (AN - I love dogs but I love cats so- both will be featuring as support characters, I hate this woman btw :( also sod is like referring to a man who you find unpleasant, nowadays we just call everyone sods:'D )[Chapter 38] She had made her decision. By the time the next week in May came, he went to check, to see what she had chosen. The small sight couldn't make him happier, she was there. rusted slightly and burnt but still there. She had stayed, beached on the little shore. But she had stayed for them. She would never leave them and they would never leave her. John would be happy. They hadn't been bombed again, they had a feeling they were going to win this air dominance. Their men had yet to give in, but the next day felt, wrong. George didn't think they would come back. Or that Peter wouldn't be there to pull them out, or that he would be on his own when they came. Or that Mr Dawson would be on the other side of town. That he became naive and looked the other way. He had been coming back from helping out at the tunnels, knowing that John and Eliza had gone down into the town with the dogs to take them to the orchard for a long walk since they hadn't really had the time or place to walk them properly, when he saw them. They were like grotesque beasts, vultures hell bent on destruction. He hadn't been prepared or, well he guessed no one had. There was about five of them, lined in formation. He didn't care for the make or build, all he cared about was the vultures wanted him and the rest of his country dead. They were coming at some speed and he had no idea whether they were going to bomb them or some other base. Some other town. Was it selfish to want them to pass straight over? To want them gone? Their house was just up the road and he could probably make it, but that didn't make it safe. He wouldn't make it to any of the bays, perhaps maybe Viking, and there were no shelters other than the tunnels. And he certainly wouldn't make it there in time. They had come closer. There was no one nearby, everyone down in the town or harbour. At least they wouldn't bomb there. Hopefully. There was really nowhere to go. The realisation had him in panic, what was he supposed to do? He had never really been taught how to deal with air raids outside of gas masks and the tunnels. Or shelters they didn't have yet. He moved to the side of the road, by the edge where there were quite a ways down, but there was an alcove where he would be safe. Hopefully. He needed all the hope he could get. Even closer. He dropped his bag and pulled himself down, turning so he could climb down safely. The rocks were soft and would crumble easily beneath his trembling hands. He was never too good at this kind of thing, Peter usually able to help him up or down. Left or right. They could probably scale the white cliffs together. George by himself? Even this small thing was a problem for him. He continued to make his way down slowly until his shoes touched soft sand that moved to suit his weight. The alcove was pretty close to him, a small crack that had developed due to stress and storms on the rocks. Closer. The planes were thundering over to him as he moved into the small crack, enough space for him to turn around in a circle once he was actually in. But that was about it. The roaring was worse than a murder of crows and he grabbed at his ears with his hands, eyes screwed shut. The paternal rock that enveloped him in kindness had shifted as a large thud caused the whole thing to shake. The side coming down on top of them. At least that's what it felt like. He flinched as terrors he couldn't see rained down, making him curl in his standing position. The vibrations continued like that for what felt much longer than it should before they ceased. The vultures must be gone. He opened his eyes slowly. To darkness. It was gettting darker. What? He checked to make sure he had indeed opened his eyes and found, by tumbling in the dark to find the rock in front of him on all sides, that his entrance was completely blocked. only tiny beams of light passed through. He was just terribly stuck. He would have to wait it out. Some how. His legs ached slightly from all the bracing and he felt a dampness on his shoulder. No doubt his own blood. There was a throbbing in his ears and his head hurt. He tried to move the rock but none of it would give way and he was wasting energy. The energy he was going to need. No one would even know he was there until they found the bombed remains. Surely someone other than him saw those planes? Or heard it? It was midday and he would say he had about half a day before he would suffocate down here. He tried not think about it and tried to settle down in the hole, shifting his arm into a relaxed position. His shoulder, which was probably injured, refused to fit anywhere without aching so he left it. He had no idea what was left of Broadstairs, was their home ok? Was it flattened? Was there even a road left? Or was it just one bomb? Well whatever they had done, it was starting to tear away his breathing space. He must have waited about two and a half hours before he started feeling slightly hysterical, mind foggy. Half blooded. And it burned. He could barely see in the darkness anyway, the fact his head was acting up made it even worse. And it began to make him nervous and skittish. Where was he again? His lungs had begun heaving and screaming for air, as he tried clawing at the rocks to get them to move until his fingers became, wet? Why were they wet? It must have been another half hour and still no one. His hands were fully wet and he still couldn't see in front of him. Was he going to die down here? He wondered what would happen if he died, would they find his purple body, pale and sick from the air he didn't breathe. From the shadows, he had swallowed. Would they bury him? Would they bury him next to Erin? How would Mr Dawson react? His chest hurt as he tried to think. Shouldn't his head be hurting? His throat felt tight so he tried clawing at that instead, the coolness of his hands making it feel so much better. He wondered what would happen if Peter died. If someone tore away his breathing space, left him bleeding out somewhere or stuck under a boat. Or if he sunk down with his missus. If he even had a moment to think like George, or if it was quick and he didn't get the chance. Would they get him back? Or would he join the others in the jaws of the ocean? Would they ever speak again? Or was that small conversation about breakfast and the weather it? He didn't want that to be it. He really didn't want that to be it. Was Peter going to die up there? He was running out of breathing space. He moved back to the rocks in front of him. If he could just get one. But they were all so big. He was really going to die down here. Another hour or so passed and it was late evening, there was no light to be seen. His lungs were exhausted and he just wanted to sleep. What had Peter told him about sleeping? Not to? At least when he broke his arm back then. That counted right? Don't fall asleep. But his eyes were so so tired. And these cold hands would make a lovely pillow. Will he be alive tomorrow? Now wasn't the time to be asking such large questions, George. Stop that. It must have been another half hour before he heard shouting. Another person. He began bellowing out. Not the best idea when your lungs barely worked. But nothing happened. There was no more shouting. Or movement. Did they even shout in the first place? He felt so weary and cold. He really wanted to go home now. George hadn't even realised he was scared. Resting his head back he tried to think, what would Peter do? He would probably push the smallest rock, out? Yeah, and then he could breathe more. Heaving himself up he felt the edges of the rocks, finding the smallest in the middle. It would need some good pushes and he didn't know if he had the energy, might as well try. He gripped it with damp hands and pushed with all his weight onto it. Resting his head on the rock, in exhaustion,above. This was shattering. Another push and it budged slightly. Good. After about ten minutes of this, the rock gave way, falling out into the outside world. The fresh air made him feel so much better. Breathing space. He tried a few other rocks but they wouldn't budge. At least he wouldn't die now, right? His lungs were breathing heavily, soaking in all the air around them, head no longer half flooded. Good. He managed to find half comfortable position, laying by the side of his newly made hole. He could sleep now, right? His eyes didn't need telling twice as his mind succumbed to the exhaustion. When he awoke it was to the rocks next to him moving, his hands we still slightly damp so he couldn't have been asleep too long. 'H-hello?' his throat stuck needles in his words, traitor. 'Someone in there?! Oi! Get over here! We got someone' 'W-hat time. What time is it?' Water. He needed water. 'Well it's late now son, hold tight we'll get you out'. He did as told and stood there, well he slumped against the inner cliffs, as the rocks were slowly removed from top to bottom. He needed to get out, this place had turned suffocating. As if it hadn't already. 'Alright, easy does it. Turner, get a med- this one's injured'. Was he? When? Oh, his shoulder, he had forgotten. But the man couldn't see that side of him yet, how could he tell? After about five or six minutes he was pulled out into more darkness, though there was an oil lamp next to them. As he was pulled out and got a good breath in the man looked at him shocked and threw him into a piggy back ride and began running, somewhere? He didn't pay attention. Closing his eyes softly, the dampness was almost gone. Where was this Turner? Or this medic? Oh, it hurt his head and he stopped thinking, at least now he could breathe. The darkness behind his eyes finally turned cerise, so he was somewhere with light? Safe then. There were some gasps and talking, he was too tired to pay attention, brow furrowed as the noise hurt. He was laid down somewhere and he guessed it was a bed as there was more movement. He wanted to go home though. Why wasn't he going home? George tried opening his eyes but was met with harsh light. Once he adjusted he opened his eyes and looked around. Was he in the hospital area of the tunnels? Right. He looked down and realised what that dampness had been. It was his own blood. He started panicking as the pain came back full force but he was stopped as a women injected him with something. The pain was gone almost immediately and his breathing started to even out. A woman came with a bowl of water and some cloths, another with dressing and bandages. He moved back to let them work, cleaning away the blood to reveal his pale skin, the other dressing his hands and then bandaging mostly the fingers, though the whole hand had to be bandaged for support. Then moving his shirt out of the way to bandage and clean his shoulder. When they were done they handed him some water and he fell asleep immediately after, he was just so tired. No one seemed to complain. His head was filled with tight spaces and empty lungs, the nightmare waking him with a start. Hands burning as they touched anything. Where was he? He noticed he was in Pyjamas as he looked around. Oh, the tunnels. The room was dark, bringing back a tight feeling in his head and he pushed himself off the bed. He needed to go somewhere where he could breathe. Where he could see. He pushed past the makeshift blanket doors and made his way out, swaying slightly. When he was out through one of the stairways he saw the sun slowly dawning, coming to say hello again. He smiled before walking back home. He really missed Jasper and John. When he got to the road up to their homes he couldn't cross and the sight made his heart crack. There was no road. Large gashes and gouges split amongst the gravel and cobble, dirt scattered like ashes. The trees and bushes had been burnt to cinders. There was the cliff side by the alcove, missing. The white chalk had given way and they had managed to blow out the limestone. No wonder he cut his hands so badly. He didn't want to but he had to make sure the house was still ok, moving his legs slowly as he went. Soon there was a shout behind him and something on four legs bounding towards him. He turned, joints covered in rust, to meet Jasper. He couldn't be happier. His tongue was lolling and tail wagging miles. He tried to cuddle him but his hands felt just so corrosive so he just petted him with the back of his hands. He hadn't realised he was still so tired until he ended up on the floor, Jasper in his crossed limbs smiling at him with his puppy nose. Bandanna still held on tight. He noticed Jasper was covered in dirt and soot, as well as his paws looking a little bloody. Was he hurt? Moving to get a better look, Jasper yipped at him and refused to give him his paw. Well alright, The one who must have been shouting came up the road, revealing a tired John with his newer walking cane and trusty cap. Coat and skin covered slightly in soot and dust. What had they been doing? As he approached his eyes lit up. 'George! Thank goodness, we've been looking for you all day!' They, had? 'Well, Y-you didn't have to- I'm a-alright. Real-ly' John was already by his side and wrapping him in his coat, Jasper curling up on his good shoulder. Soothing him with words about home. 'I. I nearly died Mr Dawson' They looked at each other and John smiled at him with fondness but his eyes showed sorrow. 'Well next time, be more careful' And they were laughing until George began crying. He really was just tired. 'Can we- can we go home now?' John seemed to still before Jasper moved as he picked him up by the good arm. 'We can't George. We'll have to wait' He didn't understand. 'Why?' They had begun moving away from the road. further away from home. 'It-well let's just say, the house is- injured. For now, she needs to rest. We can go home later' He could understand that, but he was still so tired, the bandages seeping crimson slightly. Bugger. 'Mr Dawson, I'm sorry. I didn't mean to make you worry, or sad'. John began laughing gruffly, 'S-sorry' 'Don't be, son'. Wait, what? Did he hear that right? Mr Dawson never called him by 'son', ever. Period. He had always called him George or curly hair. John didn't correct himself and they kept walking. Even if that was just something he heard, it still made him content as they walked back to town. They must have reached the tunnels at some point and had gotten him sat back in a hospital bed, Jasper laying right next to him as he grew dreary. John had settled in a chair by the end of the room. A waiting chair of sorts. His eyes began slipping shut and he managed to murmur out, 'Love you too, Mr Dawson' Before his head shut down, mentally exhausted. He didn't have any other nightmares for the rest of the night. Despite the ghosting on his throat. (AN - Can you tell what my worst fear is? *shivers* and missus, in this case, means the boat he would be sailing)[Chapter 39] Up until July went without much incident, the bombings had stopped and they had yet to be sent out to save lives. They had continued training and finished their smaller version of phase one, everyone but spare a few finally being deemed 'Training fit' and the officers were debating whether to move them or not. under normal circumstances, they would be moved to Sultan or perhaps even Devonport to train for phase two but they were probably running out of time and most importantly, space. The other volunteers had arrived and were bunked in the twelve beds, Tommy and the others were lucky to get a quarter to themselves. He had a feeling they would keep them stationed for phase two, then move them after for the newer men to come in. We may have a lot of boats but we had yet to get the men to steer them. He wasn't particularly keen to get on another train and go somewhere else and was relieved to hear they would be staying, bringing in destroyers and other vessels like cruisers for training. Not to mention the factories were still constructing boats for them. The next training was going to be hell, three times the amount of effort as the first half. He had a feeling they would be deployed in early November and hopefully, he would be put on a boat with at least one of the others. For now, he just had to get through all the nitty gritty. There would be exams at the end and then you would be sent off, simple enough. Since they had conscripted though, it would be a little different. They were placed under the Seaman's branch in the Royal Naval Volunteer Reserve. It was basically the equivalent of being what he was in the army, but wetter. Their second phase, as it turns out, was basically a rehash of phase one but with more in-depth instructions and drills. They wouldn't specialise too much or go to college, instead, they were to be sent off pretty quickly. The first half of the training was re-covering how to tie knots, what knots to tie and what to do if one gets loose or snaps. As well as how to successfully tie someone to save them or to tie something to move it out of the way. It was all very confusing and annoying, Peter, however, seemed to get what was going on. Carrick bends, it seems, were his worst nightmare. They were out on the field and in lines going through each knot, and he just didn't know what the hell he was doing. Give him a rifle or a bayonet, he's got your back. Give him a piece of rope? Count yourself dead. 'Sammy, you're doing it wrong' 'As if I couldn't see that Fin if you're gonna be a plonker at least be a decent one' The rope just wouldn't tie, he let out frustrated groans as he went. The captain noticed and barked at him. He barked back. This was the most annoying thing. 'What was that Thomas!?' for a second he forgot he had changed his name before he winced and shouted back 'Nothing Captain!' He passed him by. His Carrick was still, well a deflated one. Finley and Fredrick were snickering at him, bastards. 'Keep that up Pollock and I'm tying this around your god damn neck' They continued to laugh and Peter gave him an apologetic look before moving to help him. 'Here, make two loops, yeah. Now pull the other one through twice. No, around there, yeah. Ok again. Now pull, good. there you go'. He was right, he pulled it tight into a Carrick knot. Finley snickered at him, 'Ok then, now try double Sammy' the little shit. 'Do you want it at the front or back of your neck? I'm flexible' They began cackling before the Captain hollered at them, shutting them up immediately. They moved on to the others, Sailor's hitch and Savy knot before it came sheet bends and he was just as frustrated. He and Peter teamed up for it as it was a two person job, or one person and a support. He felt guilty as every time he tried it he failed. 'S-sorry' 'Don't be, here pull it around there, yeah good job. Ok no through, yeah, and under. Now pull' It took them a few attempts before he got the hang of it, as they pulled the knots tight. 'You lot better catch on! Dawson and Thomas already have the Sheet down! Good job!' he hadn't even realised everyone else was struggling with each other. He blew a raspberry at Finley and Fredrick, who were both tangled in their own rope, groaning in anger. The rest of the day was spent on knots, finally mastering the Carrick along with the rest. Feeling slightly proud of himself. They moved into August and had their swimming practices and then the exam at the end. He didn't realise he was motionless under the water until he was in it. They had gotten into trunks first, they were told that the captains had to know they could swim before they put them in heavy uniform or basic survival situations. It had gone fine, it was just a swimming pool, and everyone had passed after about 3 hours of training. The next day they put them in heavy duty uniform and it was the same thing, still just a swimming pool. It wasn't until the next day when it was survival training, he was uneasy as they made them hover in the water before diving down and coming back up, but he managed. They broke for lunch and then came back to a pretend ship, to imitate a sinking one. You were sent on in groups and had to do three levels. The first was on the deck, they would move the fake piece of ship side to side and you would have to dive. The second was on the mid floor, you had to climb through a porthole and then dive. They didn't tell you what would happen in the third one. To make it more realistic. Finley was in his group, Peter and Fredrick in other ones. The first one he could do, though he was breathing quickly as he hit the surface of the water, ignoring the fake hum and gunfire in his head. Finley was with him for all of it. The second one was a little harder for him to do. They were placed, with life jackets, in the room and they would fill it with water and then you would have to pull the portholes open. They stood there with three others and the water began filling. They tried to get the portholes open but they wouldn't budge, Tommy swam still waiting. He had been through this before. The others grew tired quickly and Finley seemed to get what he was doing and waited. As the water hit his head he took in a breath and dived, ignoring the fake wood turning into metal and the porthole shattering in his mind, then moved to the one they hadn't tried to open, pushing it with his hands as Finley got the one next to him. They managed to get out and swim back to the edge of the pool. He felt that same exhaustion through his lungs and legs. He didn't even think he would feel it again. Finley helped pull him out and they waited for the next one to come. They had to leave the room and wait for them to finish. 'You alright?' his smile was reassuring but his eyes were saying he was suspicious, he felt like he would find out soon. 'Yeah Fin, don't worry about it. Just a bit of a rush is all' He nodded slowly, no way he bought that, but didn't question him further. They called them in and they had to enter from the other way, climbing down some stairs into the bottom floor, underwater. There was shouting above and he tried not to think about last time as Finley patted his shoulder. After a few minutes, they flooded the room, water filling them to the brim. He got a decent breath of air but one of the lads didn't, kicking and flailing about. Finley tried to bang on the door, to tell them but there was no answer. What did they even have to do? The water rooted him to the spot, expecting oil or a torpedo. Finley shook him a few times and looked at him desperately, the lad was dying. Despite the water scaring him to death, he moved to the lad, covering his mouth with his hand. His eyes were wild before they fell back, he was losing too much air. Water ruining him. Finley tried to bang on the door again but they got no reply. The other two were frantic, stressing out and banging the fake ship. God damn it. He spotted the other door hatch, were they supposed to use that? He signaled to Finley and he moved to the hatch, pushing it until it fell away, The other lads scrambled to get out as he passed the unconscious one to Finley and he pulled him out, he was the last one inside but couldn't move as the boat shifted, Smoke and oil on his skin. The hull bringing him down, the water pulling his lungs apart. He couldn't move away from the fire above him, the blood on his hands terrifying him. He felt hands on him as he was dragged out. Towards the oil. He kicked slightly, tried pulling his hands out. But whoever it was got him to the surface. He tried not to scream as his vision shifted, oil and blood gone, white and baby blue walls reappearing, the edge of the pool a bright ceramic. He wasn't there anymore. He turned to see it was Finley who had gotten him out as they got out of the pool, 'Sorry Captain! Hatch closed on him, had to help pull it out of its emergency lock!' The man nodded and moved them out of the room into warm blankets in the changing rooms. The other lad had been taken off on a stretcher. They were eventually alone and he had calmed down, all the cruel imagery subsided. 'What the bloody hell was that Sammy? That was not normal! You've been there before, haven't you? who-who are you?' His eyes flashed sorrow and anger to fondness. He might as well, there was no reason for Finley to go and tell. 'Well, yeah. I have. Its-its a fake name, my real one is Thomas, call me Tommy if you want. Pete also knows' Finley nodded and moved back on the changing room bench. 'Do I need to be worried? about you? You gonna freak out like that again?' He smiled at him, 'I don't know, but thanks for not ya know-' 'Of course mate. Your freckles are showing, by the way' he moved across and swiped his nose with his finger before running off, laughing. Tommy followed him. After that, they had the swimming exam and all four of them passed, luckily he didn't have another episode. Only the nightmares followed him when he slept. The next part of training was basic athletic training, scaling slants and ropes. Obstacle courses more attuned to the water environment. It was mid-September and it all went smoothly, everyone passing well enough so they could move on. They were running the hardest track for about the fifth time when Finley and Fredrick decided to take a detour, Peter unconvinced. 'They'll never know, come on! This way!' And so they followed, Finley reminded him of Alex sometimes, his boisterous attitude rubbing off on everyone. They ran through some trees, thorns and branches pulling at their skin. They ran over some tree stumps or fallen logs, Fredrick falling at one point. They, of course, pulled him up and continued running. By the time they were out all of them were laughing like school children, leaves in their hair and mud on their boots. 'Come on! I found this beauty the other day, my mam would love it here'. Heaving themselves through some bushes they came out by the lighthouse, a large hill amongst a bright sea. The waves sparkling at them like little-unearthed gems. The swallows had returned and were soaring about, little wings spread in happiness. The sky was clear and bright blue, the small clouds churning along in the horizon. Finley moved to his side, 'Looks just like your eyes, ya know?' He sputtered as Finley moved to sit on the hill, patting next to him for them to come and sit. When all of them were comfortable they sat there, the breeze tugging at them playfully, before Fredrick spoke up, 'We're going out there soon'. He had yet to tell Fredrick his real name and thought he never would. Better to keep it simple. 'So, we'll be fine. Besides. It won't be too bad, not like we'll be on the face of it. Just- convoys and such' Finley spoke with a fair bit of hope, something he would most likely have. He didn't want to break it to him. Peter gave him a similar look and didn't say anything either. 'And if I die?' Fredrick was quiet, unlike his usual wild way of behaving. 'Then- then we'll bring your body back with our own hands. Bury you right here. On this spot'. he spoke quietly, not to startle him. He looked around before replying in disgust, 'But there's sheep shit here' That got them laughing, 'Well, it's simple then. Don't die and we won't have to bury you here' 'Same goes for you three buggers too, you wouldn't want to be buried here either'. Once the laughter had died down they sat in silence and Finley declared, 'Anyone who dies out there had to be buried in- sheep shit!' before grabbing some earth and throwing it at them, starting an all out mud battle between them. Fredrick and him on one side, Finley and Peter on the other. Once they had rolled around in the dirt enough and were covered in dirty they got up and move off the hill before joining up with the other group and completing the course. Passing like usual. After that, October was spent finishing off the physical before they moved into classrooms to do some other activities and Fredrick and Peter came into the room with a knife? And a pumpkin? Laughing like idiots about sneaking it in and that it was Hallow's eve, no other better day than to carve a pumpkin. He and Finley looked at each other with doubt before joining them in carving the pumpkin. They had gotten the drawer covered in pumpkin guts and seeds while hollowing it out once they had shoddily carved the top off. He had decided on the design, they would do a boat, Peter giving them directions on how to cut it. Once they were done the boat looked...like a boat but you wouldn't be able to tell which one and Fredrick was adamant to put a sheep on there, since he had been having nightmares over sheep shit for days, making them laugh as they complied. The sheep was like the boat, distinguishable enough. Next, Finley said they should do your typical bat (like his mother used to do), carving it out on the other side of the boat. He decided they should finish it with a Carrick knot, getting everyone to groan but carved one out anyway. After that Tommy put a tea light inside and they left it on, even past curfew. They got settled into bed after that, all content on laughter. 'How'd you get a pumpkin any way you eejits?' 'Just bought one, then Peter was like 'ooo we'll get caught bringing that inside' ' Peter threw a cushion upwards into Fredrick's face. All of them were hanging off the end of their bunks, content with just talking. 'Like the cissy, he is' another cushion and a quipped 'next one will be my fist moron' Finley just sighed at their back and forths. 'So we snuck it in a blanket, pretended it was wrapped up. Then grabbed a knife from the kitchen, sneakin' past that bat of a dinner lady' of course they stole the bloody knife. Said knife had been returned earlier by Finley. They talked back and forth a bit more before they slowly fell asleep. The end of November rolled around and they were done with training, officially Midshipman or Seaman. Whatever you wanted to call them. They were told they would be deployed soon, the navy needed all the men it could do with. They had dressed up in their suits the night before, the ones were given to them for being Militiamen, and went down to the large buffet that was being supplied to them. They were allowed to do whatever they wanted since it could be their last night on this land. He had been keeping up with the letters from the others, but had sent them the last one for a while the other week, just in case it was his last one permanently. They had kept him uplifted and was excited to meet this new kitten they had gotten months ago. But it would have to wait. Roussel's ring was finally on his hand again, he had been worried it would get broken or go missing while training so he kept it secure in his bag, but now he might as well keep it on. He also noticed Peter was wearing a handmade bracelet now, most likely doing the same as him. He hadn't seen Peter's letters in the box for awhile. The four of them had gone down to the buffet and gotten their stomachs worth when the birds from the town arrived dressed in petticoats and flowers. A few tried to dance with him but he refused, he didn't have the skill and didn't really, swing that way. Heh. He noticed Peter refused them as well, keeping close to them with his glass in hand. There was some music playing as the night progressed, the Admiral giving them a send-off speech etc. It was all very grand and it made him feel wrong. Suit too tight. Once it was late enough he and Peter retreated to bed to sleep, the other two going out to town. No wonder they'll come back off their heads. When they were in bed and settled Peter spoke up first. 'What's it like?' he stilled. How on earth does he answer that? 'Well. Well, it's hard to explain, at first it feels great, going off for glory and victory. It doesn't work out that way Pete, believe me. You'll come back different. And you will come back. If you doubt that you won't. You just won't. But everyone's experience is different'. He didn't reply, turning slightly as he fell asleep. His soft snoring was soothing. There was no bated breath or hitched lungs. He managed to fall asleep but woke up to the other two tumbling in, falling asleep in their suits and shoes. Barely making it up the bunk ladders. He rolled his eyes and went back to sleep. Tomorrow would be a tiring day. When they woke up and got dressed, caps on tight. They headed downstairs to grab breakfast. He had decided it would be best to pack up the more personal belongings with the latest letter and mail them back to Heidi, he didn't want to lose them after all. He kept his clothes and toiletries. the others doing the same. It cost a bit more but he had a little money to spare. After their quick meal, Finley and Fredrick sobering up, they were assigned their ships, all four of them were assigned to HMS Petard; formerly known as Persistence if what the officers had told him was anything to go by. She was getting mostly a new crew, though her captain and lieutenants would be staying. They spotted her in the harbour, one of the only ships to have just come back from a convoy, her men switching. The rest were more fresh faced boats but Petard wasn't quite the only one that had just returned from the seas. At least that meant they were in good hands. The walk down was silent, he hated doing this. British soil felt safe, the harsh merciless waters? Not so much. Fredrick was the most visibly scared, though they reassured him with pats on the back. 'You can't be a captain if you don't have sea-legs Fred'. Though that probably wasn't the reason he was scared. She was a decent sized boat, bright and flashing silver. She would keep them safe if they kept her safe. Fair deal. When they boarded the left-lieutenant showed them the cabins, each man getting a bed and a place to put their clothes. He and Peter nabbed the one on top of each other, hammocks swaying while the other two grabbed the rest in the room. Just like at Raleigh. They got back on deck as she whistled, ready to set off for the rest of the men boarded. She was a G56, a P-class. Strong and sturdy. She felt safer than the other destroyers he'd been on. Maybe that was because she hadn't sunk yet. There was about 300 of them all in all. Maybe a little less. The work would be divided amongst the men he guessed. They pulled out of the harbour and set off, he had hoped he would never have to see the country in the distance again. Hoping was never quite good enough. (AN - Plonker is another word, again for idiot/moron. we're almost in 42 also sea-legs mean you have adjusted to the sea, no sea sickness, nervousness and stuff ;) )[Chapter 40] What the British had begun calling 'rationing' had gotten much worse, and it was going to get even worse from here on out. It was their first Christmas together without Tommy and it had hit hard, especially when they got a parcel in the post. Well, Evan came home, when had he started calling it home? He couldn't tell, and in his hand was a parcel and he looked like he was on the verge of tears. Happy or sad he couldn't tell. They were sitting in the kitchen, talking about the Railworks which was now almost complete, when he came rushing in. 'Calm down there Princess, what's the parcel for?' Alex forever the 'calm' one. 'He's- He's gone'. Everyone went stock-still and Evan moved to the table. 'W-well I'm guessing. He's left us this.' he set the parcel down and sat next to Roussel, red face no doubt from running. 'Well, go on Ev. Open it!' So he did. Pulling the letter away carefully and set it to one side and opened the parcel. All of his personal belongings were there, aside from clothes and things, there were pencils and a sketchpad, probably what he was using to give him the little pictures, other writing materials, powders which Heidi smiled at, some photos he didn't know Tommy had, A scarf and his coat were the only other things left. 'The poor dear, well Ev- open it up! Let's see what he wrote' He peeled away the envelope and Tom joined them in the room, sitting on Heidi's lap. He pulled the envelope and skipped the date. 'Come on Princess!' 'Alright! Alright, so-' he cleared he throat and began. Roussel able to understand it now. Though he still couldn't speak or write as well as he could listen. 'Dear all, If you are reading this then that means my things have arrived, hopefully, in one piece. Since I will be on a boat, I want you to keep my things safe for me until I come back. I know I will be kept in safe hands and this letter will be, a lot more melancholic than the others. You don't have to read it'. Evan paused and they all nodded, this would be worth it. 'First off, The base has recovered and we completed the training though it was in hardship and exhaustion. We haven't had any more bombings and I hope that you haven't either. I have so many things to tell you, so many things I've seen. Evan, you'll love all the cats here. Little strays we feed every now and again. We carved a pumpkin, a silly, badly done pumpkin but we did it.' That made them chuckle slightly, Evan smiling over the cats. 'I've never carved one before and it was quite fun! We saved a stray bird too, Finley said it was what his mum would want them to do, he had lost a leg, just a nub and Finley was still so determined to save the little dear so we did. He managed to fly away when he was healed!' Sometimes he felt like he was too naive, too young to be out there. But the age difference wasn't that large. 'And I would like to think if a bird can go through losing its leg and still soar, then so could one of us. The people like always are very welcoming and have gotten used to seeing us about. I wouldn't be surprised if some of them cry next week. But it had been fun, and I hope you've had fun or are at least content back in Ashford. However, I don't think I can be like you Alex or you Roussel, be cold and merciless. They are just other men too, I don't think I could kill a man. I avoided it as much as possible before.' Alex had his head in his hands, Heidi frowning in discomfort. 'He could never be cold, he could never make us ashamed or sad other than bloody dyin', stupid Freckles' It was a grumble so so Evan continued. 'B-besides, I might very well die, and in that case, don't worry. I will have died honourably and you won't have to live in shame. Everything will be ok. You will probably think I am foolish, which wouldn't be wrong. But With being out at sea I won't be able to write back or get any of your letters, so please don't bother sending them unless it makes you happy. And sure we've been through this once before, but I feel like this is different now. I will be in that vast ocean, hopefully with the other lads I've trained with. And whatever happens, please.' Evan sucked in a hard breath. 'P-plan for tomorrow-w.' he choked before continuing. 'Nothing would make me sadder to think you didn't move on or waited on my ghost. He'll take years to get to you, and you'll probably be ghosts by then too. So don't. I know full well I've skirted the final battles being out here, and you three lovable idiots, my lovable idiots, will be out there. In that h-hell. So in that case, you get through that shit and you come home. Don't let me come home to empt-emptiness. Don't break my heart. And I'll try not to break yours. Whatever you face, face it with the knowledge that out there. Somewhere, I'm facing the same thing. We-we can face it together.' Evan choked up on his words slightly, but there was an air of fondness, Alex, Evan and him already making that promise in their hearts. 'Now I wish we had had more time together, wished I'd told you I was going. I know those hugs and kisses could very well be my last, so I cherish them. Please cherish them too.' Of course, they would never forget it on his life. 'I'll be good for you, Love Thomas.' He had signed it in his real name, he had risked being found just so it could feel more like it was coming from him and no one else. It made his heart twinge. Evan placed the letter on top of the rest of his package and they sat there for a moment, just bathing in the peace. Alex moved first, packing the letter and parcel up before taking it upstairs, coming back down a minute or so later, settling back down. He had really gone, been deployed. He was no longer safer in England, he was out on dangerous waters. And all they could do was pray. 'Well, let's make this Christmas just as good as the others, for our dear of course'. So that's what they set out to do. It was five days before and everyone had already bought presents for each other, he and Alex would set out to find a Christmas tree while Heidi and Evan got decorations sorted. They had gone out to one of the woodcutters, where they were selling Christmas trees. They bought a small and the least messy one they could find and trekked it back. It was still the size of both of them combined but still the smallest there. The walk back was comfortable, aside from the tree digging into his good shoulder and the winter sleet and rain. But still made a tenderness in his gut unfurl. When they got it home they had to get it inside, which was its own feet. 'Alright Rous, yeah just. Under the frame- there. ok-ow' 'Well, don't stand there then'. There was more scuffling around before they got it inside and set up by the fireplace in the lounge. When it was set up right they rejoiced, finally! They had tried pines everywhere but they could sweep it up later. Once that was done they set up the small decorations, pretty badly considering Tommy couldn't guide them, and decorated some of the other rooms. Heidi would make the dinner this year, a smaller version due to the food shortage and yet when they woke up on the day and handed out presents and dug into Heidi's cooking, they still felt content. Even though they all acknowledged the missing laughter in the room. (AN - ok so I fed a disabled pigeon since he was really hungry and missing a leg- that totally didn't influence anything, and we're basically in 42, weeee, also I have certain 'scenes' *wink wink* drafted :))) I'm horrible - won't tell you who or what - that would be too nice )[Chapter 41] January began with basic sailing practice, getting used to the boat and the men on her. They had been out on the coast for most of the month, the captain trying to get them to communicate and cooperate with each other. And while she was bigger than Moonstone, by a fair bit might he add, Petard was of similar gear works, running on good old steam and sails. So Peter was able to adapt more quickly than the others, most of which were missing their sea legs still. Tommy being one of them, though he good reason. They were out in the cold, choppy waters below them and Tommy was leaned over the side, no doubt vomiting, as he approached. 'Oi Sam, you alright?' He heaved some more before standing, tired blue eyes meeting his. 'Couldn't be better' the reply made him laugh as Tommy moved to throw up the rest of his breakfast over the side of the boat. He could hear Finley snickering at them, it was always Finley. As Tommy straightened out he glared at Finley from across the deck, 'Next time will be on you, Pollock!' 'Didn't you say that about the rope you couldn't, what was it, oh yeah! Tie!' he muttered a quick 'little shit' before legging it across the deck to chase him, they were just school boys if he was honest. The weather was clear though bitter and the men were just getting used to each other, but not everyone. They had been out for four or five hours when he felt the winds change, there was a storm on her way, he shouted to the watchman but he gave him a doubtful expression before rolling his eyes, son of a. He called to the Captain who looked at him with the same disdain. Come on. The clouds had surfaced and if they weren't quick to change her she'd be way off course by the time it got there. Getting stuck in the middle of a storm will be hell with a fresh crew. They continued on their merry way and Tommy came back over, hair ravaged by the wind, and flustered. 'I swear I'll toss him over board one day' 'You couldn't toss a kettle of fish over board Sam, highly doubt you could throw a man nearly double your size over, but nice try' that got him a punch in the shoulder as the waves got worse, throwing themselves at the boat. 'I swear Pete, you're just as bad as him, what's wrong? You look tense' 'There's a storm coming but they won't listen, the way she's tracked we'll go off course and then end up in the place we don't want to be'. It began to rain as the clouds approached quickly, the sound of thunder made him cringe and sigh, 'We're all gonna die' Tommy laughed before smiling at him with a large grin, 'Well might as well make it last, let's teach 'em how to sail properly' The storm threw all the crew off, causing chaos everywhere. Men scrambled to pull the masts properly and the lights were going crazy. Red to green, green to red and back. The hell was their watchman doing? Finley and Fredrick moved to them and they decided to bolt the guns properly, locking them in so they wouldn't damage anything before he decided this shit was out of control. 'You keep them grounded, pull the mast half way, I'm going to sort this bugger of a watchman out!' The waves were horrid and everyone was soaked, he ignored the flashes of orange in the back of his eyes. Walking in a switched diagonal he made it to the small stairs as hail began thundering down, chaos still reigns down below. He stalked up the steps quickly, the watchman clearly off his face and slurred as he looked at him. 'Watcha doin' laddy?! Get-get back down 'here' 'Move out of my way you toper and sit down there' he pushed him into the cruddy steel chair and moved to pull the light to green, they needed to move to the stern. The man mumbled some more and he pushed the bottle of beer out of his way as he ran back down, the madness was still there, though there was less of it. He shouted out to people to pull her to the stern and down. Get her out of the war path of the storm. It was about twenty minutes before it ceased, Petard on the other side of it. Everyone looked drained and soggy, Peter checking to see if the photo was safe and dry, which it somehow pretty much was, and everyone pulled her back to starboard, the sun now back out in the clear sky. He had never seen such idiocy with a boat in his life. And he lived with George. The captain noted his ability to notice the storm and apologised before they continued on. January left without incident. It was mid-February when everyone had gotten slightly closer, and some bloke decided they should have a fishing contest in the twenty or so that was gathered, including him and the other three. He believed his name was Edward, as short as Tommy and rather loud. He was already excited when he stepped in, 'It's not even fishing season for anything other than haddock, and they don't really like cold water all that much' 'Even more of a challenge mate! Come on, it'll be fun!' They eventually collectively agreed and since they didn't have any rods, they would have to make their own. 'This is a stupid idea' 'no Fin, I think it's a bloody stupid idea' Finley and Fredrick bickered about how stupid it really was and they spilt into about four or so teams, the four of them making one. 'Well I guess that bloke is right, we can win this, we have Pete after all' 'Yeah well, I'm not very good at making the rod so much as I can use the damn thing'. They had scurried around for some spare things while Petard was stationed motionless in the water. Finley managed to find some thin line and had plenty of it and some dried worms left over, gods knows where he got them from, while Tommy found some spare railing, thin and long enough, and Fredrick found some string. He managed to grab a small piece of metal they could bend into a hook. The making of it was easier said than done, the other groups seemed to be struggling just as much, and they were sat on the deck, the unmade rod in the middle of them. 'Look it's not hard, just, Finley you focus on the line and we'll do the hook and- ugh! I don't know!' 'Here give it here mate, I got it' Fredrick moved to the rod and pulled the string around and tied it over the nooks Peter had indented before pulling the line through it. 'See? One part down, some more to go- here Pete you make the hook, we've got the handle' He moved to the line and grabbed the small piece of metal, bending it softly until it was hook shaped, then placed a worm over it, hoping it would be sharp enough to pierce. The handle was crudely made but would work and Tommy set the line on it, the rod was finally ready. Eventually, the other teams were done and they threw out their lines. They must have waited a leat half an hour before they and another team got a line, the rope screeching as they moved to handle it, Him and Fredrick on the chase. He had his hand on the line and was moving the handle to reel it in, Fredrick keeping it steady. He fondly remembered the burning in his palm from the line, he really did miss fishing. 'Alright, easy does it, don't let her loose. Good- there, we got her!' They moved and reeled it in, a haddock coming over the rails and flailing on the deck. Other blokes cheered them on and the group groaned and booed as their line snapped, fish back in the ocean. Tommy looked away as Fredrick moved to kill it, bashing its head under a nearby crate until the blood covered his hands, their kill sat proudly on the deck, everyone else was just as ecstatic. Despite it being one of the smallest haddock he'd ever caught. The captain came to clear the rabble away and told them to clean up, before tossing the dead fish into the water, now was no time for such luxury activities apparently. Fredrick move to clean up and they went to have dinner, some blokes mentioning they could've eaten that fish, anything was better than the ship's food. March rolled around and they were out on the waters, slowly making their way up the south coast, everyone almost familiar with each other and their duties. The day was mostly clear, a few white chemical whirls of clouds in the sky, whimsically passing them by. The sun was out, casting a familiar glow on the boat, Moonstone would always have a similar glow to her, orange cascading along her white skin. It had been over a year since he sailed her, heck even got on her and he hoped that she was doing well. He was out on the deck, arms on the railing and looking out to the wide sea. He still felt guilty from when they left the base, he stopped writing to them before he left. Tommy had sent one last one but he didn't have the guts. What would he have said anyway? It was better he just came home instead of making things more complicated. However he refused to let them get the same letter but about him, not James, he wasn't going to let that happen. He still had wings to hover with, James had lost all his in foolery. He wouldn't make the same choice. The same mistake. Lunch hit and he didn't bother going, hunger not being an incentive enough, someone else had the same idea though, and he heard gruff talking from around the side of the watchman's area. The smaller voice was all but familiar. 'I know you, you should be long fucking dead. You were supposed to die out there, how are you here?' 'I, I don't know what you're talking about'. It was Tommy and some other bloke that was probably bigger than Peter and Finley combined. And they had a fair bit of muscle on them. He straightened up before moving to the other side of the wall, listening in. If there was someone from Tommy's old regiment on the boat it spelt bad news for them, how on earth did that even happen? 'Your name?' 'Sam, Sam Thomas I don't- what?' 'Don't lie, I'd recognise your small ass anywhere, what happened to us huh? The fake identity? Come one Benson , step it up' there was more scuffling and he felt he needed to step in, but Tommy could handle this better than him, right? He'd be able to keep up the facade a little longer, 'Fuck off Cook , Shouldn't you be in a fucking ditch or forest by now?' What the hell Tommy? 'I should be saying the same to you, traitor , what worth do you have here, in my memory you left us. We don't like traitors in the country, you should know'. He moved slightly to peer behind the wall. 'Not my fault you were so fucking stupid, I tried to help you- you decided to stay there in that shit hole', Tommy was shrunk up against the wall, this other 'Cook' guy dominating his space at least twice, the guy was practically huge. His eyes were covered in anger, Tommy's were laced in secret fear. 'Yeah we did, we did our fucking country a service you-!' he moved even closer, hands practically bending the metal under them 'decided to bloody run like a coward! Along with those french pieces of shit, how's that tail between your legs doing?' It was like watching a losing battle, he could go grab Finley and they could probably take the guy on, but that would mean leaving Tommy with the bastard and that was probably a bad idea. He moved out of the corner and into their sights, Tommy looking slightly relieved. 'The fuck are you?' 'Does it matter, back off. You're getting your stupidity on the deck and it's going to stain'. Not his best but it would do, anything to get his attention. He got visibly tenser before smashing the space above Tommy's head who flinched and ducked. 'You with the traitor?' 'And if I am?'. He moved off of Tommy and faced him fully, he could maybe hold his own against this guy. Maybe. 'You're fresh blood right? Don't know what sods like me have been through, shit in the Ardennes was bad enough as it is, then this little shit-' He moved to punch at Tommy again who managed to dodge, 'And his little merry band of men scurried off, leaving us to burn in the woods'. 'We left because we would've died anyway, Nathan! Hell, I nearly did at least four or five times getting here and all the others are gone, dead on a beach or in the deep'. Tommy was getting more agitated and the whole thing would start getting attention soon. 'You shouldn't have left!'. 'Where else were we supposed to go!? I saved your ass at least twice anyway! You would be shot to shreds by Jerries if it wasn't for us!'. 'Oi you ugly mug, back off of him before we get in a fight' He turned back to Peter and they squared each other off before he saw stars and was on the floor. The bastard had punched him. Son of a. He was on him just as fast and they wrestled some more and he tried to get his eye sight back, he heard Tommy shout something but he had to deal with the bull currently beating the shit out of him. He was faster than him, eyesight and hearing muddled as he was tossed around. He was crushed against the railing of the boat and then back into the floor before he could actually see, head pounding siren songs in his ears. The guy was on top of him again and had already done a number on his face, moving to grab at his neck. The hands were gripped around his throat like long tendrils of iron hot pain, the air in his lungs not enough. He clawed at the guy's hands but was met with a knee in the gut, holy Mary, and more stars. He was going to die in a bloody fist fight, of all things. The hands ceased and he collapsed on himself, chest heaving molten air. His eyes were screwed shut and his hearing eventually came back around. 'You're going to bloody kill him, Nathan! What the fuck?!' 'He bloody deserved it, get out of my sight traitors, you fuck up around me one more time and you won't be touching English soil as a free man'. There was some movement near him and a foot on his chest, he had to move to make sure he didn't hit his bad rib, the pain making him grunt and flinch before falling back down as the bloke left. He felt a gentle hand on his chest and arms before he was lifted up and onto something soft, fingers coursing through his hair. There was cloth under his nose and he tried to open his eyes, but could only squint. 'Hey, you still awake? You have a nose bleed. Can I move you? You need to get you to the medical wing, I'm bloody sorry Pete' His throat hurt but he managed to speak a little, 'Ye-ah, go for it. Not your fault' He was knackered and he wanted to sleep. 'A-alright, here- stay still, I'll get you to the medical bay' he heard some sniffling, was he crying? Before he was lifted and next thing he was in a bed and sleeping, the sheets a welcoming sensation. The next time he woke up the medic told him he'd been out for a week and a half, waking up occasionally before falling back asleep, it was already April. The other three were sat by him when he did awake, Tommy with guilt written all over his face and the other two smirking. 'Look the knight in shining armour has awoken! Grab the Strongbow, we're gonna get pissed!' 'Calm it, Fred, Pete can barely stand as it is, don't need to add alcohol to the mix!' Fredrick and Finley laughed fondly and he laughed along, Tommy passing him a glass of water. He was already rolling his eyes at the two of them and he had just woken up. 'You alright Pete?' 'Yeah, little achy but I've had worse. At least the bastard won't bother you for a while' The other two didn't question it, apparently being told that he had gotten beaten by some bloke who tried to beat up Tommy, and said Tommy gave him an appreciative smile. 'Thank you'. And then he was back asleep, uncaring to the rest of the world, he was simply too tired. When Tommy and he were finally alone in the medical wing a couple days later he decided to ask about the bloke, 'Hey, who is the bloke anyway?' Tommy stilled and looked at him in worry, 'H-him, oh well. He was part of my old- team. In the Ardennes where I was originally stationed, we were left there for dead and had to make our own way out I guess. Nathan was one of the more- dominant ones and believed he could lead us without an officer present'. He moved to get a little more comfortable on the wooden chair. 'There was a point where I saved him from getting shot, not much mind you just pulled him out of the way, and I and some of the others saved him again from also getting shot. Still didn't stop him from being such a dick. The Germans finally rushed us and it was staying or leaving, I chose to leave with some others and we got out. The forest was set on fire where we were stationed, oil leak I think, and they pushed us out. We eventually got to Dunkirk and the rest of my regiment that came with me was shot down. I didn't think Nathan survived but- here we are' They had been talking for some time and he eventually grew tired, Tommy must have as well as he yawned quietly, 'As long as I don't get too close I should be fine, the times we saved him are probably keeping him from ratting me out. I hope it stays that way honest'. 'You'll be fine, we won't let him get too close'. And he was fast asleep, another dreamless night. It took him until mid-April to heal enough to get back to work and until the end of April to become fully healed, the bruises and cuts were long gone, little scars left behind. He didn't regret any of it. (AN- so this is all I have for you right now :/ Peter did the stupid again, also a Toper is a drunkard, I might post some more today idk :'DD) ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I've trailed this story on in mind I guess and realise it might come off as disrespectf"}]