[{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Rules Of War","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11180591","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Mr. Cole was late, and Fuller was starving. The dinner - or lack thereof - had done absolutely nothing to satisfy his hunger, and now, as he stood in the empty railcar, studying the fine furniture and paintings around him, he could no longer ignore the protests of his empty stomach. Fuller eyed the fruit tray on the table beside him. It would be considered rude to take fruit from the platter in front of company, but Latham had yet to return from seeing to his sudden visitor, and the Reids were safely tucked away inside the storage car. After a moment's hesitation, Fuller reached for the white gloves tucked into his belt and slid them over his hands, then reached for a shiny green apple and sank his teeth into it. Several bites into the apple, Fuller's mind began to wander away from food and toward the mother and son hidden away several cars down the line. Her words echoed through his mind like the tunes his men sometimes sang around the fires at night when the coyotes howled and sleep seemed impossible. A Ranger... A Ranger's still alive. Fuller frowned, studying the white flesh of the apple absentmindedly. No, ma'am. My troopers found seven graves... His gaze rose to the door. Mrs. Reid owed him an explanation. Running his fingers briefly over his hair and mustache, Fuller deemed himself presentable and began crossing through the railcars, pausing briefly in an office car that seemed to have been recently vacated. He passed a hand over some papers that bore the dusty outline of a boot and followed the trail of footprints in the carpet to the door. From there, he proceeded to the supply car, and pushed the door open as he took another bite of his apple, while his mind raced to connect the pieces of the puzzle. The sight that greeted him brought him to a sudden halt. The fruit fell from his grip, and he was vaguely aware of the door closing behind him as he yanked the gun from its holster and pointed it toward Cavendish's cranium. He chewed on the last mouthful of tender apple as he listened to the demands of the man pointing a weapon at Mr. Cole; every word that came out of the stranger's mouth spelled disaster for Fuller. As though he knew the captain's thoughts, Cavendish cast a smirk over his shoulder as the truth dawned on Fuller. He swallowed thickly as Mr. Cole approached him, posing questions he didn't care to answer. Every answer that came to mind equaled the blast of a rifle, the torrid pain of bullets hitting his flesh. The fear of tarnishing his reputation - the fear of death itself - lodged in his throat. He looked into the eyes of the man in front of him, took in the badge on his coat, and made his decision. In war, he knew, there were rules. And sometimes, rule number one was coming out alive. ","Summary":" Mr. Cole was late, and Fuller was starving. The dinner - or lack thereof - had done absolutely noth"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Longing For Home","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11176722","Passage":"[Chapter 1] There had once been a time when Danny wanted, more than anything, to be a soldier. Not a blacksmith, not even a Ranger like his daddy. A soldier, one who wore a uniform with lots of medals pinned on it, and who carried a gun over his shoulder everywhere he went. He'd once tried that at home. After one march around the house his mama had caught him by the shoulders and taken the rifle away from him. She'd smiled when she told him he was too young, but he saw a strange look in her eyes that never did make sense to him. He didn't see it often; only recently had it returned when they were in the supply car with Mr. Cole and Mr. Cavendish, and he'd been holding another gun, smaller this time. Mr. Cavendish had taken it away. Now, Danny studied the two soldiers standing on either side of the door. Their uniforms were the same color he'd imagined his own to be, and they held the guns in the same position he'd held the rifle at home, but unlike Danny when he was lost in his imagination, these soldiers didn't look happy. They didn't smile, they didn't speak, and their gazes didn't move from the far wall. He wondered what they found so interesting over there to stare in that one direction all the time. A moment ago, he'd taken a look for himself, but all he saw was a couple of paintings and another door that led to the next railcar. He took a deep breath and let it out slowly, pleased with the slight whistling noise that resulted from the air whooshing past his lips. The soldiers suddenly began speaking in low voices, and he quickly closed his mouth, but they weren't looking at him. Instead they were staring out the windows of the railcar. One was pointing, his tone excited as he spoke to his partner who looked considerably less enthusiastic. Danny turned his gaze to his mother. She, too, was watching something in the distance, smiling. She looked over her shoulder to her son, reaching out a hand as she opened her mouth to speak. Danny flinched when someone pounded their fist against the door. A soldier peered through the glass, then opened the door, his expression annoyed. Danny's heart began to race when a familiar tall, gaunt figure entered the railcar, his arms swinging in time with his long strides. Seemingly unfazed, Danny's mama simply smiled at the outlaw coming towards her, and spoke confidently. \"He's coming for you. Just like Frank said.\" Uneasy, Danny glanced to his right, where a tray of fruit sat on the table. His slingshot had been taken by the soldiers - he could see it on the shelf beside the mean-looking one - but he figured if he aimed just right, squinting a bit like he'd seen Daddy do when he was shooting... \"Maybe I'll have a taste and find out.\" Danny's brows flew up in surprise as he turned to look at Mr. Cavendish. Did he want the fruit? The young boy narrowed his eyes as he watched the outlaw lean closer to his mother, a grin starting to form on his face. When Mr. Cavendish lifted a hand and let it fall on his mama's shoulder, moving down, Danny picked up a grape and threw it with all his might. With a small thud, it hit the outlaw's cheek and bounced off to the carpeted floor, rolling away. He heard his mother gasp but he didn't dare look away from Mr. Cavendish, whose eyes had grown wide. Then his gaze met Danny's, and time seemed to stand still. A smirk tugged at the gnarled lip. It wasn't quite a smile, barely there, yet just long enough for Danny to see a flash of the silver tooth and how the man's lips had quirked up at the corners. He caught a glimpse of something in the man's eyes before he grabbed his mama's arm and began hauling her out of the railcar. Danny cried out, but a moment later they were gone. The soldiers slammed the door behind them, locking it before they began to make themselves comfortable on the furniture. One of them looked up at Danny as he started to clean his gun. \"You got guts, kid.\" Then he put his head down and said no more. Danny slumped against the window, watching as Mr. Cavendish held his mother's hand against his arm like Daddy used to, leading her through the crowd of people. Oh, how he wanted to go home. ","Summary":" There had once been a time when Danny wanted, more than anything, to be a soldier. Not a blacksmith"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Justice","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11080885","Passage":"[Chapter 1] If looks could kill, Butch would have been six feet under and the Indian with the painted face would have been dancing around his grave. The gun against his temple was steady, no hint of apprehension in the other man's eyes. \"Now wendigo must die.\" His English may have been broken and chopped in places, but his message was clear: Butch was a dead man. Or so he thought. Butch raised a brow as he looked up at the Ranger, spitting out a bit of blood that still lingered on his tongue, wondering if the explosion had affected the lawman's mind. Cursed silver, Spirit Walkers, wendigos - he could have laughed, had his face not been burning from the blows he'd received. He let his chin fall down onto his chest, more than ready to succumb to unconsciousness if it meant not having to hear these two idiots bicker. \"You sold out your whole village for a watch !\" Blue eyes shot up to stare in disbelief at the Indian who suddenly looked as though he was fighting back tears. For a moment, somewhere behind the paint caked on his skin and the sorrow clouding those dark eyes, Butch caught a glimpse of a young boy, no older than ten, staring at him with curiosity and distrust. The past rushed through Butch's mind like a Hell on Wheels menagerie - bribing the kid with Latham's pocket watch, finding the silver at the mouth of the river, slaughtering the village. He squinted at the now grown Comanche, suddenly questioning how they'd missed this one, and dismissed the thought as soon as it echoed through his head. It didn't matter now. They had the silver, enough Chinese workers to never have to get their hands dirty in the mines, and soon, control over the railroad - another Comanche angry about their actions wouldn't make much of a difference. He watched with mild interest as the Indian fired an insult at the Ranger, then turned and knelt in front of him again, placing the gun its in former position against his head. \"Look at me.\" Butch raised his gaze to the vengeful Comanche and up over his shoulder, noticing the Ranger silently approaching his former friend with a shovel. \"See the faces of my people as you die ,\" the Indian snarled, then abruptly fell to the dirt with a dull thud when the steel tool made contact with the back of his cranium. The outlaw cast a smirk at the Ranger as the lawman bound his hands roughly together with rope. \"Knew I could count on ya, Counselor,\" he said in a mockingly cordial tone, dipping his chin in false thanks. He earned himself the demand to shut up, in return to which he laughed as he was hauled to his feet. The Ranger's plans became clear when he mounted his horse and tugged sharply on the rope. It was going to be a long walk back to where Latham was undoubtedly waiting. Butch could clearly see his brother in his mind's eye, checking that ridiculous pocket watch every so often, wondering what was taking him so long. He glared up at the Ranger's back and vowed to return him to the land of the dead, where Dan Reid was and where this one should have been. They left the mine in a disarrayed state - several unconscious bodies, some of which were his own men, and more than a dozen Chinamen who were cowering in awe and fear of the lone rider, who'd made an unorthodox appearance and who was now taking away the man who'd oppressed them. The Ranger tipped his hat to them as they passed, and for extra measure, gave the rope enough of a jolt that Butch stumbled and nearly fell to his knees as the lawman called out to the Asians, reassuring the workers that this man would be brought to justice. Fool , Butch thought with a nasty grin, noticing with sick amusement how the miners shied away from him as he walked through their midst. They don't even speak English. Evening was rapidly approaching. The sun was steadily sinking lower, making the ability to see where he was putting his feet nigh impossible. The toe of his boot caught in the sand as they crested a hill and he fell, sending rivulets of dirt sliding down after him. To his credit, the Ranger paused long enough for Butch to regain his balance, but wasted no time pulling the outlaw along after the horse as they began moving again. With the absence of the sun the heat was beginning to dissipate and the night was turning cool. Walking through several puddles of water came as a relief; the splashes that made their way over the tops of his boots and soaked his pant legs felt good against his sweaty skin. The bridge rose up out of the darkness like a hulking beast, a mass of unwavering metal and timber that Latham was so proud of. Butch snorted at the idiocy of his brother and smiled innocently when the Ranger turned his head to look at him, noticing how the man's gaze was immediately drawn to the cleft lip and silver tooth that flashed in the darkness. A mutual wave of contempt passed between the two men, each longing to be rid of the other. Butch's head was drooping in exhaustion when the train came into view. Its metal glistened in the light of a crackling fire, guarded by several men in uniforms that Butch remembered wearing. His neck itched at the memory of a starched collar. He briefly flinched when the Ranger shouted out his brother's name, but he found himself too tired to struggle when they finally came to a stop. \" Latham Cole !\" The man of the hour stepped out of a car, impeccably dressed in a fine suit and with a Cavalry officer trailing behind him. \"What is it, friend?\" Latham inquired, eyes briefly going to the unusual badge on the man's jacket. The Ranger's answer was short and then Butch found himself falling to the ground, letting out muffled groans as he landed on a harsh angle. \"Butch Cavendish.\" He rose to his knees as his brother approached. The knee that landed in his gut was unexpected but not delivered with extreme force; he was useless to his brother if he was too injured to work. Not to his surprise the Ranger quickly intervened, saying again how Butch had been brought here for justice. Justice , Butch thought to himself, as Latham slid the cuffs over his wrists, is overrated . As if to agree with him, the chain jingled as he was led into an empty car with fine furnishings, and he wasted no time removing the purposely loose cuffs as he flopped down into the cushioned chair, propped his feet up on the desk, and smiled. Somewhere in the distance, the train's air horn sounded, and Butch let his eyes drift shut as the train began to move, the rocking of the cars lulling him into a quiet slumber. ","Summary":" If looks could kill, Butch would have been six feet under and the Indian with the painted face woul"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Breakfast With An Outlaw","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12037025","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Butch awoke with a start. Taking a moment to gain his bearings, he idly scratched at the rough skin of his neck, irritated by the stiff material of the shirt Latham had found for him. He uttered a quiet curse and slowly unfolded his aching body from the desk chair. His bones creaked and his joints popped as he stretched. A groan escaped him. How he longed for the familiar comforts of a beaten-down trail, waking to the smell of horseflesh and dirt, bitter coffee and Skinny's beans and cornbread. Often his back had pained him after a particularly shoddy attempt to sleep on the rough ground, but never had it felt as though a knife had been lodged in his spine. He grunted, kicking the chair aside as he stumbled to the chamber pot to relieve himself. Latham and his fancy habits were turning him soft, that was it. He sneered at his reflection in the mirror mounted on the wall before him. The man in the looking glass snarled back, exaggerating his haggard appearance. A silver tooth flashed from behind a mangled lip; scraggly black hair hung from his head in lifeless strands. The stranger in the mirror looked exhausted. Weary. Tired of running, fighting, scrounging to survive. With a shout, Butch slammed his fist into the glass. The stranger before him shattered into jagged pieces, some of which fell to the carpeted floor and mingled with the drops of blood flowing freely from his knuckles. Panting, the wounded outlaw stumbled back from the destruction he had caused and found himself fixed with the stern glare of a very unhappy Chinese woman. She chastised him in her native language, the foreign words flying from her tongue as she pushed him into a chair and began fussing over his injured hand. Amused, Butch looked on as she worked with quick and steady movements to wrap his hand in clean linen and bound it tightly. The alcohol she'd poured over the cuts had stung - enough to cause him to hiss and swear, which had earned him another reproachful look - but the amount he'd swallowed straight from the bottle numbed him to a point where the ache in his hand was a dull flare easily ignored. He eyed her handiwork, grudgingly impressed with her skill. Of course - Latham would have nothing but the best on his precious trains. \"Butch, I expect you to be presentable for breakfast. Mrs. Reid and - good Lord, what have you done to yourself?\" Latham Cole took one step inside the railcar and froze, staring at his brother in shock and frustration. Heat rose in the railroad tycoon's cheeks as he came nearer, taking in the mess of glass on the floor and the bloodstained cloth wrapped around Butch's hand. He turned to the china woman for answers. \"He hurt,\" she explained in broken English, gesturing to Cavendish. \"I fix,\" she finished, proudly pointing at the cloth. With a lazy grin, Butch raised the nearly empty bottle in a mocking salute to his brother. \"Not a bad worker, this one.\" Latham spared only the briefest of smiles to the immigrant lady and hurriedly shooed her out of the railcar before turning back to Butch, who was perusing the liquor cabinet. \"I expect you to join us for breakfast,\" he continued, maintaining a slight level of control over his anger as he casually nudged his brother away from the cabinet and locked it. \"Mrs. Reid and her son will be joining us, as will be Captain Fuller and Wendell, of course. I had hoped you'd at least try to make yourself presentable for our guests, but after that display last night -\" \"He started it,\" Butch mumbled. Latham shot him a thoroughly annoyed look. \"Childish. Simply childish. I expect better behavior from both of you this morning. We're nearing Promontory, so this, brother, will be an excellent opportunity for you to... brush up on your manners and social skills.\" With many complaints and curses, the outlaw allowed himself to be directed into the same chair from the night before, where he sat and angrily gnawed on a fingernail as he waited for breakfast to be served. Beside him, Rebecca Reid sank quietly into her chair, and he glanced at her from the corner of his eye. She was still wearing the dress Latham had chosen, despite the torn hem and missing material. His boredom was soon forgotten as he watched the Ranger's wife. Her movements were calculated, delicate and poised, but her sharp eyes missed nothing - from her son's carefully folded hands to Fuller's napkin, tucked into his collar just-so. She could perform the role of a well-to-do lady with ease, but there was something just below the surface, something wild and free, coiled like a moody rattler waiting for the right moment to spring. He was beginning to see why the Reid boys had been drawn to her. Feeling eyes upon her skin, Rebecca turned her head and met Butch's gaze. He grinned, a macabre display of scars and silver, and spat out a shred of his fingernail caught between his teeth. Rebecca grimaced, disgusted at the sight, and returned her focus to her son. Quiet laughter emanated from the man beside her. She ignored him. \"Are you hungry, Danny?\" she asked her boy, struggling to smile for his sake. Her heart melted when he yawned and rubbed his eyes, nodding his blond head. His hair was beginning to darken and curl at the ends, reminding her so much of his father that tears sprang to her eyes. She quickly blinked them away and smiled again. \"Breakfast will be served soon,\" Latham declared as he took his place at the head of the table. \"We will arrive at Promontory Summit within the hour.\" He fixed his brother and the cavalry captain with a stern gaze. \"I expect you both to be on your best behavior. You represent the United States of America, a land proud and free.\" Butch snorted, hiding his scoff in the shadow of the brim of his hat. Rebecca glanced uncomfortably between the outlaw and the railroad tycoon as servers entered the railcar bearing trays laden with food. Her appetite was all but gone, but across the table, Danny and Fuller tucked eagerly into their meal, oblivious to the animosity brewing between the two men. Rebecca's hand trembled as she picked up her fork and began to eat. Freedom . Her husband had believed in it, fought for it, and ultimately, lay down his life for it. It was a pleasant dream, but seemingly little more than that. Her husband was dead, buried in some unknown grave, and John... Her heart clenched within her breast. God only knew what had happened to him. She could still see him in her mind's eye, blindfolded, standing before a line of guns. America, a land proud and free. A land built upon the blood of its own people. A nudge in her arm brought her gaze up to meet Butch's eyes. \"What's on your mind, Mrs. Reid?\" he drawled, chewing noisily and with his mouth open. Rebecca swallowed and tried to ignore the hashed-up mess rolling over his tongue as she gave him her answer. \"Many things, Mr. Cavendish,\" she said, and sighed. \"Many, many things.\" ","Summary":" Butch awoke with a start. Taking a moment to gain his bearings, he idly scratched at the rough skin"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Latham's Prayer","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11559247","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Heavenly Father, we call upon You in this, our hour of need.\" Latham's fists clenched as he forced his tongue to form the words that he had not spoken in nigh on twenty years. He struggled to keep his eyes closed and refrained from peeking to see if any of the others had noticed his distress. The hatred burning inside his heart sent tendrils of doubt that threatened to seize his tongue. His mouth became dry and he swallowed hard, forcing the next words past his parched palate. \"For You are Shepherd that shall guide the wanderer through the desert.\" An image of blistering winds and scorching sands presented itself in Latham's mind, and in the center of the burning plains, a lone figure, struggling to place one foot in front of the other. Scarred hands grasped feebly at the shifting sands as the man fell hard to his knees, exhaustion and thirst weighing heavily upon him. Latham's heart pounded within his breast, and his prayer gained conviction. \"You are the light that shall be his beacon in the darkness.\" The mirage in the desert lifted his head, staring off into an unseen distance beyond the reaches of Latham's imagination, and slowly, shaking with the effort, began to rise. An unsteady step resulted in a near fall; the next sent him a few inches forward. His progress was slow, but the man was determined. Latham's knuckles turned steadily paler as he added one more desperate plea to whatever power lay beyond the sky for the welfare of his brother. \"And Yours is the mighty sword that shall strike down his enemies.\" A bridge rose out of the darkness and the figure stumbled toward it, then hesitated before placing one foot on the cross-ties to continue his journey forward. \"For he is on the path of righteousness.\" Latham paused only briefly before speaking the last sentence. Whatever powers that be would undoubtedly disagree with his statement, but he hoped that by adding it to his prayer, the God of the traveling evangelist would hear and have mercy, even on one such as Butch. Latham let out a slow breath. The joints in his fingers protested as he untangled his hands, massaging the knuckles and struggling to regain his composure. As he tried to relax, the figure on the bridge stepped back onto land, seemingly with more strength than before, and the image dissipated into darkness. Latham took it to be a sign that his prayer had reached Heaven, and thus he sealed his brother's fate with one more word. \"Amen.\" ","Summary":" \"Heavenly Father, we call upon You in this, our hour of need.\" Latham's fists clenched as he forc"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Devils Bog","Author":"sting12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11869792","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Leaving the sheriff's office, the Lone Ranger headed back to camp where he knew Tonto was waiting. Knowing usually Tonto would be with him, he knew Tonto still had been weak from the fever he had received the other day. Starting to feel feverish himself, the Lone Ranger began wondering if he had been bitten as well. Sensing his master was in distress, Silver stopped to see if his master needed to get off. \"I'm alright boy.\" The Lone Ranger smiled patting Silver's neck. Silver understanding began to continue the way back to the camp. After a while the Lone Ranger wiped at his eyes, his vision becoming blurry. Traveling a little ways, he began feeling his body swaying on the saddle. Grabbing tighter on the reins, he tried to keep himself steady but found he couldn't focus. Leaning against Silver's neck, the Lone Ranger released the reins unable to go any farther. \"Find Tonto Silver.\" The Lone Ranger spoke knowing Silver would know what to do. Realizing his master needed help, Silver took off in a steady walk making sure his master stayed on. Getting back to camp, Silver stopped in front of Tonto. Noticing his friend was slumped against the saddle, Tonto moved over helping him off realizing the heat coming off of him. Laying him down, Tonto pulled off the saddle from Silver using it to prop up his friend. The Lone Ranger slowly came to starting to sit up but felt a hand on his shoulder, \"Easy Kemosabe, you have a high fever.\" The ranger groaned feeling the effects that the fever had on him. Sliding back against the saddle, the ranger felt his whole body protesting the movement. Reaching for the canteen, Tonto poured some of the water onto a rag. Placing it on the ranger's forehead, the ranger flinched trying to move away. Soothing his friend as best as he could, Tonto knew he had to make some of the medicine that the doctor had given him when he had the fever. Searching through the supplies in the saddlebags, Tonto found there was no medicine left from his fever. Noticing the Lone Ranger seemed to be resting at the moment, Tonto stood up going over to Silver. Looking into the eyes of Silver, Tonto looked back to the Lone Ranger, \"Silver, you watch over him. Keep Kemosabe safe while I go get medicine for him.\" Silver shook his head knowing what Tonto spoke of. Moving over to his master, Silver stood watch as Tonto hoped onto Scout riding off as fast as he could. Silver stayed at his master's side sensing something wasn't right. The Lone Ranger began tossing in his sleep, the fever getting higher by the minute. Slowly opening his eyes, the Lone Ranger struggled to get up not spotting Tonto, \"Tonto...\" Silver noticing his master was a wake tried to comfort him, but the Lone Ranger moved away struggling to his feet. Getting up, the Lone Ranger swayed but managed to stay up as he began moving around. \"Tonto...Tonto!\" The Lone Ranger moved around trying to figure out why Tonto wasn't around. Walking beside his master, Silver made sure not to leave and stay beside him in case the Lone Ranger collapsed. After a few moments, it seemed that the Lone Ranger couldn't stand any longer as his legs betrayed him. Sensing it, Silver laid down beside him so that his master wouldn't land on the hard ground. Having used up his strength, the Lone Ranger stayed down laying against Silver. Tonto returing in an hour, became worried when he spotted Kemosabe up against Silver instead of the saddle. Getting off Scout, Tonto moved over to his friend touching his forehead, realizing the fever was much higher than when he had left. Grabbing the medicine, Tonto began preparing it as the doctor had instructed. The Lone Ranger slowly awoke struggling to sit up, \"To...nto...\" Hearing his name, Tonto moved over to Kemosabe, \"I'm here Kemosabe, you lay there. I got medicine that will help you.\" \"I'm...hot...too hot...\" He muttered pulling at his clothes. Getting the medicine done, Tonto held the cup up against the rangers lips, \"Drink Kemosabe, it will make you better.\" The Lone Ranger drank the medicine down before laying back down against Silver who didn't seem to mind. Unfolding a blanket, Tonto pulled it over his friend hoping that by morning the fever will have left his friend. Noticing the Lone Ranger resting a little easier, Tonto rolled out his bedroll but knew he wasn't going to get any rest that night. It had been days since Tonto and he had started chasing down the bad guys. Finally they had the guys trapped in a cabin and were beginning to close in on them. Getting down close to the ground, the Lone Ranger began going around to the other side knowing Tonto would get the front. Suddenly he heard a shot and a cry knowing it had come from Tonto. Rushing around the other side, the Lone Ranger watched in horror as Tonto collapsed on the ground, his chest bleeding from a gunshot wound. Crawling over to him, the Lone Ranger turned him over his side. \"Kem…osabe…must go.\" Tonto coughed. \"No I have to get you help.\" The Lone Ranger spoke. Suddenly the men came out of the cabin pulling the ranger to his feet before he could protest. Struggling against them, the Lone Ranger watched in horror and hatred as the other man went over to Tonto pulling out his gun. Hearing it click, the Lone Ranger struggled even harder getting free only long enough for the men to kick him to the ground. Looking up, the Lone Ranger found he couldn't move but only watch as the man pulled the trigger shooting Tonto in the head. Getting to his feet, the Lone Ranger screamed, \"Tonto!\" \"Noooo….Tonto!\" The Lone Ranger awoke screaming. Tonto only half a sleep awoke rushing to his friend's side, \"Kemosabe, it's alright. I'm right here.\" \"They…killed you...couldn't stop them…\" The Lone Ranger spoke trying to get his breathing under control. \"No I'm right here. There are no bad guys. You have a fever and need rest.\" Tonto assured his friend. The Lone Ranger laid back realizing Silver was there instead of his saddle. Noticing his confused look, Tonto smiled, \"Silver hasn't moved, he's been watching over you. Now rest Kemosabe.\" Nodding, the Lone Ranger smiled patting Silver before he drifted back off to sleep. Covering him back up, Tonto reached out touching his forehead glad to know that the fever had lessened since he had given him the medicine. Getting up and stretching Tonto walked around the camp making sure to check on Scout before he grabbed some more sticks to throw on the fire. As the hours passed by, the Lone Ranger cried out a few more times, but calmed down when Tonto spoke to him. When the sun began to rise over the horizon, the Ranger began to stir. Slowly opening his eyes, the ranger reached up touching his face realizing his mask was gone. Looking around, he relaxed when he spotted the mask. Reaching down to grab it, he placed it back on his face feeling naked without it. Looking around, the ranger smiled spotting Tonto cooking breakfast. \"How…long?\" The Ranger asked wincing at how his voice was. \"Since yesterday, you've had high fever, but it broke this morning.\" Tonto smiled moving over helping the ranger drink from the canteen. The Ranger nodded, sitting up but stopped when he felt the world spinning underneath him. Tonto placed a hand on the rangers back supporting him as Silver stood up to stretch his legs. Making sure his friend could sit up on his own, Tonto went and grabbed his saddle moving it closer. \"Rest Kemosabe, you're still weak.\" Tonto smiled moving back over to the food he was cooking. The ranger nodded laying back down against the saddle. Silver came over nudging his head against the ranger's shoulder. The ranger smiled looking up at Silver, \"I'm alright now boy, thanks for staying with me.\" Silver nodded his head before going off to join Scout. The ranger smiled, \"What are you cooking?\" Tonto smiled, \"Broth will help get strength back quicker.\" The ranger nodded, \"Good, I never did like lying around.\" \"Do not worry Kemosabe, you be chasing bad guys again very soon.\" Tonto chuckled. The End! ","Summary":" Leaving the sheriff's office, the Lone Ranger headed back to camp where he knew Tonto was waiting. "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Ghost Stories","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11069892","Passage":"[Chapter 1] My husband will kill you for this. Butch turned over the pale blue scarf in his hands and smiled, enjoying the rough grating of his mauled lip over the silver tooth. That'd be a trick. He'd thought it was an accomplishment to have killed off the two Reid boys, and now, having Collins finish off the woman and the runt, there was nothing in his way. No Rangers constantly on his tail, no crying women grieving for dead husbands, no whining kids staring at him like he was a stuffed buffalo on display. Absolutely nothing . And God, if the freedom didn't leave him feeling elated. Of course, there was still Latham to deal with. His own brother. If anyone was going to get in Butch's way, it would be Latham. Never mind that the silver had been discovered by the two of them - if Latham wanted Butch gone, he'd find a way to do it. Just like Dan Reid. Eventually, when the time was right, Butch would have to get rid of Latham. But for now, the fat old fool was still useful - no banker in their right mind would do business with the likes of Butch, and with the connections in the railroad company that Latham still held, it would be impossible to manage the silver on his own. No, the time wasn't right for Latham to die. Yet. But one day, there would be nothing stopping Butch from taking it all for himself - the silver, the profits - and Latham wouldn't be around to interfere. The railroad could go to the Devil for all Butch cared about that. He wanted something more valuable, something... sweeter. He lifted the scarf to his nose and inhaled deeply, taking in the scent of the Reid woman. A satisfied hum escaped him. A shame, really, that she had to go. He would have enjoyed having her around, getting to know her far, far better. And who knew - maybe Latham had actually shown up on time and had already found her, assuming Collins had suddenly turned coward and refused to shoot her. It wouldn't have surprised Butch, although he did have to give the old tracker credit for the part he played in Dan's murder. Luring all seven Rangers into the canyon like puppets on strings, all for the promise of a few silver pieces that he would never even see. Butch smirked and tucked the scarf into his pocket again, looking around him at the men lounging uncomfortably on the rocks. Several were watching him carefully but most were directing their gaze anywhere but at him. They feared him; good. He would hate for them to forget who they were working for. Mounting his horse, he directed the beast in the direction of the river and dug his spurs into the animal's sides. Without looking back he knew the rest of them were following close behind. The dull echo of horses' hooves thudding against the sand brought his mind back to that day in the canyon. Images of the Rangers scrambling madly flashed through his head. He suddenly remembered Frank's words, something about a Ranger being alive. Yeah, Butch thought to himself with a smirk, t he ghost of Dan Reid. Butch Cavendish had never believed in ghost stories. ","Summary":" My husband will kill you for this. Butch turned over the pale blue scarf in his hands and smiled, e"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"COUNTERPOINTS","Author":"STAILS565","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10866771","Passage":"[Chapter 1] STAILS565: hey, my brethens, another song fic, also in ao3 song used by the awesome band Kerbera check them out their amazing, :) NO COPYRIGHT INTENDED COUNTERPOINTS LYRICS: KERBERA SLS: Song lyrics i KNOW THESE BELLS THEY WON'T RING FOR NOTHING Tonto was close to a church wind passes by playing with his cloak and hair. He look at the night sky his eyes were different and he had cracks on his face indicating he was resurrected by the enemy. He was with John Reid's brother as well. I'VE BEEN HERE BEFORE LONG AGO,A DIFFERENT LIFE ' seems were the place John proposed to me', the indian thought to himself. Tears were falling down his other look at his companion with a pain look both of them were resurrected to fight the lone ranger and the others. THE TIME THAT LIES BEFORE THE TIME WE LEAVE BEHIND The lone ranger was patrolling the town flashes of the deaths of his lover and brother still flash before him again. He stopped close by the saloon he look down thanks to the hat and mask that hid his sad expression and his tears as well. SEE HOW SNOW FALLS SUMMER JUST ARRIVED \" Dan, you know like I do that it will hurt to fight the people we care about,\" Tonto said, looking at the other. The other resurrected reply,\" yeah, but we don't have a chose to do it Tonto,\" the weather was sunny knowing it was summer. I SEE IT MELT WHEN LEAVES STILL LINGER TO THEIR BRANCH WANT TO FOLLOW AS THEY DANCE Red Harrington came out with the help of one of her assistants out of the saloon to relax she sat on the bench and saw the lone ranger nearby. The latter was remembering the good times he had with his brother and then his lover. \" Dan, not fair!\"a 15 year old John yelled to his brother The 17 year old laughed and said,\" its fair little brother,\" he smiled at John ,\" where did you find this place Tonto?\" the man ask, his companion The native American replied,\" when I was little I found it, John \" the latter look around then smiled,\" its very nice place to be alone with you,\" OVER SEASON'S BORDERLANDS WOULD GIVE IT ALL TO EASE YOUR BURDEN BUT IT'S TOO LATE TOO LATE TO TURN IN MIDAIR Red look at her friend and called,\" John!\" The lone ranger was lost in his memories but he heard red calling to him that made him snap back into reality,\" red?\" \" come here John, you look pale and fragile by the looks of your appearance,\" the woman said, patting a spot for John to seat. The man nodded, and went to seat ext to his friend. IT'S NOT LIGHTING NOT A BURNING FIRE IT'S A TREE,GROWING HIGHER(HIGHER) Visions of the fight began appearing to both parties. \" you need to seal us away John please,\" \" do it brother we don't want to fight you and the others anymore,\" EXTENDING TIL WE REACH THE SKY NO BUTTERFLIES BUT WE DON'T HAVE TIME Red saw John crying, heard a sob from the man the woman hugged her friend tightly and let him cry his heart out. Out of all the both deaths of Dan Reid and Tonto broke him completely. IF I GO TO HELL WILL YOU BURN WITH ME?(X3) Tonto and Dan decided to walk a little more they sensed the town nearby and they knew that the Lone Ranger and Red were there. ,\" lets ot reveal us very soon,'' Dan said, Tonto reply,\" okay, but it will be tempting,\" \" If I go to hell John will you burn with me?\" IF WE GO TO HELL WATCH US BURN ,\" John relax okay, don't cry im here im here,\" Red said, comforting her friend The latter kept crying, body shaking,\" im…,\" ,\" don't apologize, its normal,\" the woman said, knowing something that will soon happen. IT'S NOT LIGHTING NOT A BURNING FIRE IT'S A TREE,GROWING HIGHER(HIGHER) John look at the woman and said,\" okay, I will try not to cry anymore,\" ,\" I know, but remember don't be afraid to let it out,\" The lone ranger nodded in agreement EXTENDING TILL WE REACH THE SKY NO BUTTERFLIES BUT WE DON'T HAVE TIME John was already calming down, he wasn't crying no more but he still felt heartbroken. Time passed, and he was already calm. They were chatting for a little while til it was time to reveal to their horror the ones that they needed to fight. IT'S NOT A LIGHTING NOT A BURNING FIRE IT'S A TREE, GROWING HIGHER( HIGHER ,\" Its been a long time brother, Red\" Dan's voice came from the shadows. Both mention looked at the shadows and gasp to their horror Tonto and Dan reid came out of the shadows. John was shocked more he said,\" is….that you Tonto….brother?\" ,\" yes, Kemosahbee its us,\" Tonto said, both men were emotionless, their eyes were yellow and black face cracked they both wore cloaks, and the outfit they were wearing when they died. EXTENDING TILL WE REACH THE SKY NO BUTTERFLIES BUT WE DON'T HAVE TIME STAILS: Review my brethrens, reviews will be honored, ^_^ ","Summary":" STAILS565: hey, my brethens, another song fic, also in ao3 song used by the awesome band Kerbera ch"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Dinner With An Outlaw","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11180634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] -For my fellow author and good friend, IcyWaters, both for editing this and encouraging it.- There was still steam rising from the plate when Rebecca sat down onto the cushioned chair and watched as the butler lifted the silver cover from the plate of untouched food. She glanced at the glass of water, noticing that it had been refilled, and wiped clean of lipstick. Involuntarily, she brought a fingertip to her lips, looking at the pale magenta shade that decorated her skin. It had been years since she'd colored her lips - the last time she could remember wearing a slight bit of makeup had been her wedding day. The clink of silverware against china caught her attention, and she glanced up to see Latham smiling at each of them, albeit expectantly. Rebecca wiped her finger on the cloth napkin folded beside her plate and turned her attention to the man at the head of the table. \"Mrs. Reid,\" he addressed her, setting down the fork. \"I don't believe you've been introduced to Captain Fuller.\" The man in question offered her a gentleman's grin as he continued tucking his napkin into the starched collar of the uniform he wore. Even after the evening's events, he appeared freshly pressed, and Latham's crisp suit had not a cuff link out of place. Rebecca felt her face heat up when she thought of the torn hem of her dress. \"How do you do, ma'am?\" Rebecca quirked her lips up in something she was sure resembled a grimace, at best. \"Just fine, thank you.\" A derisive snort came from her left. The easy smile left Fuller's face as he looked in that direction, and Latham's forehead creased slightly in a small frown as he too studied the man sitting at the place next to Rebecca. His head was tilted down, allowing the wide brim of the black hat to cast a shadow over his face, but the silver tooth in his mouth still caught the light from the candles when he grinned. \"Oh, she's fine ,\" Butch drawled, casting a long look over Rebecca's form, letting his gaze linger on her cleavage. \"Just fine .\" Glaring, Rebecca folded her hands in her lap and focused her attention on her son, who was staring at the outlaw across from him with an expression of curiosity on his face. She cleared her throat, trying to draw Danny's attention away from the man, but the ten-year-old would not be dissuaded from his thorough study of Butch Cavendish. He chewed, his brows lowered in thought, then once he swallowed, said, \"Mr. Cavendish? Why do you have a silver tooth?\" Fuller choked on a piece of meat. Latham's fork paused en route to his mouth. Rebecca dropped her head into her palm, and after a tense moment lifted her fingers just enough to catch a glimpse of Butch looking at her son, not in anger, but with a blank stare. Danny was silent, evidently still waiting for an answer. The outlaw lifted a hand, briefly ran a finger over the cleft lip, and then reached for the glass of alcohol sitting beside his plate. Holding it in his hand, he flashed a small grin at Danny, and gave his response: \"Because I wanted it.\" Then he lifted the glass to his mouth and drank deeply. Rebecca let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding, while around her, Latham and Fuller cautiously resumed eating. She dropped her chin and sent up a silent prayer of thanks for Butch's surprising level of civility, but when she lifted her gaze, she was horrified to see Danny with his mouth open, poking curiously at one of his teeth. \"Danny!\" Rebecca said, her tone sharper than she intended it to be, but Danny seemed not to notice and merely dropped his hand, wiped his fingers on his napkin, and picked up his fork to resume eating. Latham's eyebrows still had not come down from their raised position as he studied Butch, who was poking at a piece of meat with his knife. After a moment, the outlaw dropped the utensil and picked up the drumstick with his fingers, lifted it to his mouth, and sank his teeth into it. Sauce was smeared around his lips when he dropped the food to his plate. Chewing noisily, he reached for his glass and drank from it, ignoring the smudges around the rim and surface. Rebecca caught a glimpse of Fuller's horrified expression and struggled to contain her amusement, trying in vain to set a good example for her son. Butch set down the glass with a thud and let out a boisterous belch. At the head of the table, Latham sighed, rubbing his temples. \"Please, Butch,\" he said tiredly. \"We're in the presence of a lady.\" The outlaw looked to the railroad tycoon, then to Fuller, who was nodding emphatically in agreement to Latham's statement. Butch grinned and nodded to the Cavalryman. \"You're right,\" he said. \"Sorry, ma'am.\" Fuller sat back in his chair, eyes blazing. \"Must I remind you, Sir, that I am an officer in the United States Army!\" \"Really?\" Butch's eyes widened as he shoveled potatoes into his mouth. \"How long does it take you to comb that mustache?\" Latham placed a hand over his eyes and set down his fork. \"I apologize for these two,\" he said quietly to Rebecca, while Butch and Fuller argued across the table. \"They really are impossible.\" She smiled and opened her mouth, but before she could speak, Danny's voice cut in: \"I wish I had my slingshot.\" He was looking to his mother with an innocent expression. Fuller and Butch quieted, each going back to his own meal, shooting glares at one another over the plates. \"Daddy told me to be bagging squirrels by the time he got back,\" Danny said, his tone hushed. Butch looked up from licking his fingers clean. Across the table, Fuller gagged into his napkin. \"You any good with that thing?\" Butch inquired. Rebecca watched him warily, wondering where he was going with his questions. \"Yes, Sir.\" Danny lifted his chin proudly. \"I can hit a bottle off the top of the well at home.\" Fuller cleared his throat. \"You should be focusing on firearms, young man,\" he said sternly. \"A slingshot won't protect you from Indian savages or\" - he paused and glared at Butch - \"other things.\" He turned back to Danny. \"If you'd like, I could show you a few things. I happen to be very experienced with all manner of firearms and swords.\" \"Swords?\" Danny's eyes grew wide. \"I don't think -\" Rebecca began, but Butch lifted a greasy finger. \"Don't worry, Mrs. Reid,\" he told her. \"Captain Fancy over here means wooden swords, of course.\" Despite her attempts at maintaining a mature countenance for Danny's sake, Rebecca couldn't prevent a smile from tugging at her lips, even while Fuller sputtered and choked on his drink. Latham dabbed his lips with his napkin and then let it fall to the plate, covering the uneaten portion. \"Butch, if you're done eating, I'd like you to follow me. There is something I want to show you.\" He dipped his head to Rebecca. \"Excuse us.\" Butch swiped the back of his hand across his mouth, emitted another belch, and tossed down the bone of the drumstick he'd been absently gnawing on as he stood. \"'Scuse me, Miss,\" he said, tapping a finger against the brim of his hat in a mock salute to Rebecca. Ignoring Fuller completely, he winked at Danny and sauntered after Latham, letting the door of the railcar fall shut behind him with a bang. The railroad tycoon led the outlaw to an office car, where he produced a key from his pocket, opened the door, and allowed his brother to enter first. Butch swaggered into the railcar and immediately made a beeline for the desk and the cushioned chair behind it. With a groan, he sank into the patterned upholstery, stretching out his legs so that his feet fell onto the wooden surface of the desk with a thud. \"Sure beats Skinny's beans and cornbread,\" he muttered, pushing up the brim of his hat as he eased his head back against the chair. Latham made no reply to this as he uncorked a glass bottle of brandy and poured the alcohol into two goblets. He handed one to Butch and then gently touched his own to the other man's in a silent toast. Butch watched Latham sip the brandy, then sniffed at the liquor suspiciously. With a smirk, he set the goblet down on the desk and looked up at Latham, who was gazing at the outlaw with a raised brow. \"Got any whiskey?\" Butch inquired. Sighing, Latham put down his brandy and moved to the liquor cabinet. After scanning the bottles for a moment, he reached in and removed an unlabeled bottle, which he handed to Butch without a word. The outlaw pulled out the cork with his teeth and let the whiskey flow onto his tongue and burn his throat on the way down. While Butch drank, Latham opened a drawer of a nearby cabinet and reached in, pulling out several folded bundles. He eyed them for a moment then, satisfied, set them on the table and moved to a lower drawer. Butch's eyes widened when he watched the other man unfold the clothing to reveal a three-piece suit. \"These should fit.\" Butch nearly choked on the alcohol. Coughing a bit, he wiped his mouth on his sleeve and glared at the railroad tycoon. \"I ain't wearin' that.\" \"We will be attending the celebration at Promontory Summit. I will not allow you to be out in public wearing\" - Latham cast a disgusted glance over the rumpled, sweaty shirt Butch currently wore - \"that.\" \"I look fine!\" \"You look like you just came off the trail.\" Butch lifted a finger. \"Exactly.\" There was an exasperated sigh before Latham spoke again. \"By the time the shareholders realize what position I now hold, we will have enough silver to run our own country. In essence, Butch,\" he added, lifting the brandy to his mouth, \"you're a free man. Is this really how you want to represent yourself?\" He drank deeply, as though more answers could be found in the liquor than Butch's head. The outlaw, meanwhile, had gone still. Freedom - there was a lot a man could do with that. He inhaled, blowing out his breath again as he considered Latham's words. Finally, he said, \"Fine. I'll go to your little shindig.\" \"That's -\" \"But I ain't wearin' no suit.\" A pause. \"Very well.\" Latham opened another drawer, and pulled out a different set of clothing. Butch eyed the shirt and trousers with suspicion, but, finding nothing unusual about them, nodded. \"Good.\" Latham seemed pleased with himself as he added a hat to the pile and set it on the desk in front of Butch. \"I'll leave you to get changed.\" Tipping his head back, Butch drained the rest of the whiskey as he studied the bundle. Then he set aside the empty bottle and dragged his feet off the desk, sighing as he stood and stretched. There were still hours left to go before the train reached Promontory. It promised to be a long ride. ","Summary":" -For my fellow author and good friend, IcyWaters, both for editing this and encouraging it.- There "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Memories","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11160009","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Upon being shoved into the supply car, John's head abruptly crashed into something soft and smelling distinctly of blood. He reeled back drunkenly, the back of his mind registering the fact that the door had been slammed shut and barred from the outside, and reached up to gingerly rub his forehead. Removing his hand, he pressed it against the wall to steady himself and squinted against the dim lamplight at the furry mass he'd run into. A deer carcass swung with the movement of the train; a thin, crimson line marred the pure white fur of its throat. John looked into the glassy eyes and swallowed thickly. He turned away from the dead deer and surveyed his makeshift prison cell. They hadn't bothered with cuffs; there was no sense in wasting time or supplies. His pistol was gone and so was his mask. John winced when he recalled tossing the leather down into the dirt at Tonto's feet and the harsh words they'd exchanged. A pang tore at his chest. He missed his Comanche friend. Where was Tonto now - still lying unconscious in the sand? John's heart skipped a beat. Had Cavendish's men woken? Angrily, he clenched a fist and swung it at the wall, then let out a harsh cry when the skin of his knuckles tore and bled. He shook out his hand, swiped it over the deer's fur to get rid of the blood, and slowly sank down to sit on the floor. His back rested against a crate and his booted feet lolled to either side; crossing his arms, he let his head fall back against the top of the crate and his eyes drift shut. A snicker escaped him at the thought of catching a few hours' sleep before his execution. Shot down in front of a firing squad - how fitting. A man of justice, murdered by those who supposedly fought for it. He snorted. The train's wheels bumped roughly over the tracks and jarred him into full alertness. A green apple fell over the edge of a basket and rolled to a stop next to his boot; he considered it for a moment, then picked it up, rubbed it against his shirt, and sank his teeth into it. The sweet juices hitting his tongue brought his mind back to a distant memory of a lazy summer's day by the creek, one of many he fondly remembered from his childhood. He and Dan had been picking apples. John smiled at the memory. \" I reckon I can reach that top branch up there,\" ten-year-old John boasted. His brother Dan, standing two inches taller and three years older, squinted up at the lofty apple tree, rubbing a fresh red fruit against his shirt. \" Nah, Johnny. That's too high.\" A dribble of juice reached Dan's chin as he bit into the apple and he roughly wiped it away with his sleeve. John watched enviously, wishing he could act so grown up like Dan did. Everybody in town liked him. \" I can do it!\" the smaller boy protested. \"I climb trees all the time.\" Dan shook his head, chewing another bite of fruit. \"Forget it, John. You'll fall and break your neck. And I ain't carryin' you back to Ma and Pa.\" He turned and sauntered away, picking up a fishing rod as he headed towards the creek. John watched him go, chewing his bottom lip. He glanced up at the tree, narrowing his eyes against the glare of the sun, then looked back at his brother again. Dan still hadn't turned around and was now at the bank, settling into the sand as he prepared his rod. The younger boy grinned. At first, it was easy - just like every other tree. He could find perfect footholds on the trunk, and the branches were just low enough to grab and wide enough to stand on. John straddled a branch, panting, and looked up to see how close he was to the top. To his surprise, a large, shiny red apple dangled just two feet above his head. He licked his lips hungrily. They'd been picking apples all morning - Mama had promised a big apple pie - but he hadn't seen anything like this one. Slowly, he rose to his feet. The branch wobbled beneath his boots, and he stood still for a moment, but his gaze was drawn to the apple again and he straightened to his full height. He stretched out a hand toward the apple, and felt his fingers brush smooth skin at the same moment the branch beneath his feet broke. Over his own screams, he could hear Dan's panicked shouts and the cracking of branches as he tumbled down out of the tree. He hit the ground with an almighty thud and lay there, dazed, while his left arm burned with a fire unlike anything he'd ever experienced. \" Johnny!\" The boy groaned in response. \"Johnny, are you alright?\" His brother fell to his knees beside him, and he felt fingers poking his head and squeezing his limbs. John let out a cry when Dan touched his arm, and to his shame, hot tears began making their way down his cheeks. \"Aw, don't cry, John, come on...\" Arms roughly slid underneath his back and then John was lifted up off the ground. Dan carefully stood his brother up, then brought John's unbroken arm over his shoulders to support the weakened, shaky boy. They shuffled this way, baskets and fishing poles forgotten, out of the grove and in the direction of their ranch. It was John who heard the wagon. \"Look,\" he mumbled, his voice hoarse from shouting. A cloud of dust was steadily approaching them, the sound of horses reaching their ears. Dan let out a whoop and then placed two fingers in his mouth, sending a piercing whistle that made John wince. The wagon steadily drew closer, and the figure in the seat directing the team of horses became familiar. \"It's Mr. Martin!\" Their neighbor from several miles brought the horses to a stop near the boys and hopped down out of the wagon, slapping his hat against his thigh to clear away the dust. Thomas Martin, a strong man in his mid-thirties, studied the boys thoughtfully, nodding to the elder. \"Dan.\" \" Mr. Martin.\" Thomas eyed John's arm, which the boy was cradling against his chest. \"Got into a bit of a scrap, did you, John?\" \" Yes, sir.\" A head of dark, curly hair popped up in the back of the wagon and light blue eyes looked at the boys curiously. John ducked his head as his cheeks flared up in embarrassment. Of course Mr. Martin would have his daughter with him. \" I see.\" Mr. Martin waited only a moment before placing the hat back onto his head and jerking his chin toward the wagon. \"Get on up in the back, then. I'll take y'all home.\" John kept his gaze directed at the floorboards as he took a seat in the back next to his brother. Dan, grinning, took off his hat and dipped his chin like a gentleman caller. \"Good day, Miss Rebecca. Fancy seeing you here.\" \" Hello, Dan.\" Rebecca's voice was formal and her tone unimpressed. John shyly peeked at her from under his lashes, and to his surprise, found her watching him. She smiled, and John's heart beat faster than it ever had before. \"Hello,\" she said. \"I'm Rebecca.\" John's reverie was shattered when the train's whistle blew. There was a high-pitched squealing as the brakes were applied, then the train began to slow. He let out a sigh and then began a silent prayer, as outside, footsteps approached. ","Summary":" Upon being shoved into the supply car, John's head abruptly crashed into something soft and smellin"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Not Much Of A Family Man","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11058355","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Butch Cavendish had never particularly cared for children. Especially this runt. Blonde hair, blue eyes, and a proud lift of his chin that reminded Butch entirely too much of the kid's father. And this whining, constantly asking his mother - who seemed to be at her wits' end, Butch noted, pleased at the thought - if his daddy was dead. The outlaw suppressed a chuckle, shifting his gaze between the snot-nosed child and his weeping mother. She was begging him to put the gun down - the kid had the weapon aimed at the other Reid. Keep it up, Butch thought to himself, curling his rotted lip in a sneer. He's been a pain in my arse since the day I killed his brother. He had to hand it to Dan Reid's boy; when it came to sheer will and stubbornness, the kid was a force to be reckoned with. Staring at his mother like that, so much hatred in those blue eyes that Butch was almost impressed. He knew what hatred felt like. It had burned inside of him for years, a fire that couldn't be extinguished no matter how much blood was spilled. Butch eyed Cole for a brief moment, watched a small, almost indistinguishable bead of sweat make its way down Latham's scalp. Their lives' work depended on this moment. Good God, that shrill voice! The kid could probably smash the glass out of windows if he raised it any higher. Butch lifted a brow at the small, trembling hands that held the gun. Shoot him! It was an identical command that was issued from both brothers; by Latham, verbally. The fool even called the runt 'son'. Idiot. Any chance of producing offspring - although why he'd ever wanted a weak, emotional thing constantly on his tail and half a dozen hyperactive midgets chasing after him, Butch could never understand - had been brutally destroyed during the war. And now, watching Reid's son fight back tears and struggle to keep the gun steady, Butch's resolve to never donate his seed to a woman strengthened itself. Still, there was something about the way the kid refused to release the gun. His grip may have been wavering, his eyes may have been leaking, and the barrel may have been shaking around too much to be sure of a target, but the one thing that stood out to Butch was the sheer defiance the kid displayed. On his own in a battle of wills against four adults, the youngster was holding his own. The glare he directed at each of them in turn - lingering on he himself, Butch noticed with a sneer - was an expression that promised action if he didn't get the answers he wanted. Butch smirked; control over others was an empowering feeling, and obviously, this small creature just realized it, and was taking advantage of that power. It could almost make Butch like him. Then there were the waterworks. Great, heaving sobs that dampened his mother's skirts as she held him close. Butch rolled his eyes, turning away from the overly emotional display. He was never much of a family man, anyway. ","Summary":" Butch Cavendish had never particularly cared for children. Especially this runt. Blonde hair, blue "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Only A Rock","Author":"London Sparrow","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11176630","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The last few stragglers of the mob were finally making their way through the French doors of Red's private chambers. Homer, having eventually gotten past the violent crowd, was now standing just outside the doors, his pistol in one hand while the other continually waved people by him and down the stairs to the saloon. The owner herself was reclined on her chaise lounge, idly twirling a braid around her index finger as she let her gaze drift over the printed words on the pages of the book in her hands. It was a mystery; on a normal evening, it would have been enough to keep her mind occupied while the hours drifted by, and to block out the noise emanating from the saloon downstairs. Yet tonight, her eyes were continuously drawn to the chunk of silver on her table, where the masked Ranger had dropped it. Folding down the corner of the page, she set down the book on the lounge beside her as she rose to her feet, taking a moment to gain her balance on the ivory leg, the anger as familiar as an old friend when she thought of him . Her first step was unsteady; the second, her boot hit the floor with more confidence. Red hobbled to the table in her slow, uneven gait, feeling Homer watching her with concern even as he directed the last drunken man out of her chambers. The silver seemed to beckon her. She stood in front of the table and stared at the chunk of precious metal, yet didn't reach out to touch it. \"Dat's de last of dem,\" Homer informed her, not moving from his position by the doors. \"You wants me to stay?\" Red forced a smile and lifted her head to face her aide. \"No, thank you, Homer.\" His doubtful expression didn't change. \"I'll be fine.\" After a moment, he nodded, then turned and left, closing the doors quietly behind him. She listened to his footsteps echoing down the hallway as he made his way back to his post at the front door of the saloon. It comforted her, knowing he would be out there. Maybe I should get him a bigger gun , she thought, looking down at the silver. An image of the Ranger dropping it in a panic flashed through her mind. What had the Indian said? \"Rock cursed.\" Red shuddered. She stretched out a hand, her fingers almost close enough to touch the rock, but then snatched it back again. Her cheeks flushed as she realized how foolish she was acting. \"It's just a rock,\" she muttered, putting forth her hand once more. This time, she allowed her fingers to close around the metal, and then she waited. A minute passed. Two. When nothing happened, Red forced a laugh, tossing the silver chunk up into the air and catching it again. She'd been daft to believe in the Indian's words. Briefly holding it in her palm, she cast the metal a derisive glance and let it fall to the table again, where it landed with a thunk. The slight echo was lost amid the sudden burst of noise from downstairs. For a moment Red froze, wondering if the Ranger and the Indian were back, but then she heard a feminine voice, shouting at someone who responded in a lower baritone. Red sighed, making her way around the table and to the doors of her chambers. Without looking back she slipped out into the hallway, hobbling toward the balcony, where Homer would be waiting. ","Summary":" The last few stragglers of the mob were finally making their way through the French doors of Red's "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Broken Dancer, Shattered Dreams","Author":"Rosetintstheworld","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11599483","Passage":"[Chapter 1] She came to, and the room was as dark as the world outside - she guessed it was gone midnight; probably later. An orange speck of a light glowed from a cigarette end halfway across the room, and the lights shining from the windows of the bars and the lamps outside offered some visibility, but still very little. Her first realisation was her pain; her second was that she lay in a puddle. Her head ached dully somewhere behind her right temple, and her face was damp and unpleasantly syrupy with half-coagulated blood. All was well apart from that, at least to the extend of her knowledge, until one got below her waist. Starting somewhere mid-thigh, her right leg burned with a sharp agony, like her skin was being pierced with 10,000 white-hot needles. Shit...her audition was in a week and a half - her things packed, she was to be New York-bound in the morning - and this could only spell bad news. She couldn't remember a damned thing - perhaps she'd been practising or something, and had tripped - maybe she'd hit her head on her night-stand and knocked herself out, twisting her leg in the process. That seemed reasonable. Only problem being, the hard, unfinished wood of the floor below her was certainly not that of her bedroom. And where in the name of God was all that blood - and that cigarette light - coming from? Experimentally, she curled the roes of her right foot; they were pretty much fine - sore, sure, but what did she expect? At least for now, her leg didn't seem to be broken; every cloud and all that jazz, but this was still a fairly poxy silver lining. She propped herself up on her elbow, massaging her forehead with the heel of her other hand. There was a graze easily the size of her palm on her temple, extending down to her cheekbone, oozing blood stickily down the side of her head. Strains of her red hair had broken free from her braid, falling about her face in ratty tangles dragged through gore, dishevelled and almost dreadlocked in places. Her hair tangled so easily - she hated it. Her arms were bare - she'd been sure that she'd been fully-clothed earlier, and she didn't recall- \"Finally...Mornin', sleepin' beauty,\" a strange male voice crooned, gravelly and broad in his accent. The cigarette light stood up and moved towards her; his gait was odd and wide as he strutted like some sort of gunslinger, his heels clumping against the ground. It was then that she began to pick out facial features in the hazy half-light. He stood six feet tall at least, his upper lip pulled up in a permanent scowl by a deep, mottled red scar. Several others that were much the same - deep and unpleasantly dappled red - criss-crossed his face; some new, many much older. His hair was long and lank, black like a Native's; he possessed that same hooked beak of a nose, too - however it was as clear as day that he was a white man nonetheless, even if he did have the face and tresses of a savage. \"Who are you?...Why are you in my house?...\" \"Darlin', this ain't your house,\" he stated simply. \"Who...Are...You?\" she said again, drawing her words out and speaking slowly as if to a child. Maybe he was simple; yeah, he just hand't understood her. Chances were she'd taken a tumble on the street, and some village idiot had attempted to come to her aid. That explained a lot more than her initial theory. \"None of your concern,\" he drawled, grinning as he picked his teeth with one long, dirt-speckled fingernail. Bending down, he outed his cigarette by gringing it against her bare arm. She inhaled sharply, moaning with the pain through her gritted teeth. What the fuck? What was he doing? She attempted to voice her anger and shock, but a strangled groan was all she could muster. \"Y'know, lil' missy, I never asked your name of you 'neither.\" \"Fuck off,\" she growled, indignant, her pain making her defensive. She clutched her arm; the burn was to the muscled area of her upper arm, and it was deep, too. The smell of her own burnt flesh turned her stomach. Bending her fingers back with such a force he would have broken them, had she not pulled away, making her whimper like a puppy in the process, he plunged one filthy thumbnail into her wound. She hissed again, tears dampening her eyes. \"The mouth on it!\" He gasped sarcastically, sneering. \"Listen missy, I don't take kindly to being talked back to.\" \"Rachel Harrington...\" she blurted out, her voice wracked by hollow sobs. Her fear had now overpowered any other emotion which she felt, so compliance was now her only option. \"...Folks call me Red...\" \"Well well well, Miss Red, it's a pleasure,\" he shifted from his haunches to his knees by her side. She was frozen stiff, no clue what he was planning to do to her. Starting by her temple, which incurred another raw burst of pain, he ran his hand almost tenderly down her face. She shrunk into herself, revolted by his touch, and by the filth which seemed to linger over every inch of him. \"Please don't hurt me again, mister...I'm sorry...\" she whimpered in the voice of a child, shuddering. What he did next shocked her more; truthfully, she'd have preferred a second cigarette burn, or a kick round the head. Caressing her face until his fingers dripped with her blood, he opened his ruined mouth to reveal unpleasantly yellowed teeth, and ran his tongue to and fro along his dribbling hand, claret running off his lips. Red shuddered, her entire body trembling. This was disgusting and wrong...she was petrified. \"What have you done to me?\" her voice was pathetic; shaking like a leaf, and barely there. She was sweating like a whore in church as his face drew closer to her own, his nose twitching as he breathed in her scent. Taking one final, long inhalation - his nose perhaps a quarter-inch from the wound in her head - he stood up and leaned against the wall to her right. \"Why don't you see for yourself?\" Her hands shaking, Red looked down on hersekf; she wore only her bustier and petticoats; her dress, shoes, stockings, jewelerry, and even her drawers were gone - she noted this last point with mounting horror. Her skirts were sopping wet, and the dark pool which surrounded her was growing steadily, seeping from around her right side. Her lip quivering, she pulled back the soaked layers of cotton and lace, and... Her stomach heaved, and her hand went to her mouth, though no vomit came out. She'd moved it for Christ's sake; she'd felt her toes press against the ball of her foot, and her muscles clench and tighten...thus was a bad dream, surely...surely it wasn't real... Either her brain or her eyes were lying to her. For a right leg was no longer a thing which she possessed; no, it ended perhaps a little more than three and a half inches before her hip, only the slightest stump of her thigh remaining. She continued to dry-retch, tears streaming down her face like rainfall. It was too real to be her imagination; she could see the layers of skin and fat; the sinews of her severed muscle. Her thigh bone was a splintered mess; shattered white peaks like a mountain range drenched in blood. Oh, the blood... it seeped from some places, and outright poured from others...Hell, she had lost a good three pints of the stuff already...she was dying ; she was sure of it... \"It didn't taste nearly as good as your pussy,\" he grinned savagely as he lit another cigarette. \"What do you...\" before the sentence was even fully said, she realised exactly what he had meant, and this gave her cause to heave and sob once more. Not only had he abducted her and beaten her unconscious, but he had... taken advantage of her, and...oh dear Lord, the thought of what he had done to - with - her leg was too disgusting to even comprehend, let alone think about. She was so ludicrously grateful for the amnesia... \"M-Mister, please...I think I'm dying - I need a doctor...\" \"You were a good little fuck, too,\" he continued, paying no heed to her whimpering. \"'Course, I'da liked it better if you'da quit screamin', but I can't complain. 'S why I didn't kill ya.\" \"You're a monster ...\" she cried softly, her voice hardly even a whisper. \"I was savin' myself...\" \"You ain't spent yet...\" He stood up, swift as a hawk, and straddled her waist, holding her hands down as he did so. She screamed as he gripped her wrists above her head in one hand, dropping his pants with the other. \"Quit your hollerin'; you'll wake the neighbours.\" He was already stiff as he pulled her skirts up towards her breasts. Lashing out with her hands and remaining leg, she screamed like she had never screamed before; biting, spitting, scratching, kicking; doing whatever she could to get him off. Though her blood loss had made her weak, her years of religiously practising and rehearsing her dancing every day of her life had made her strong and supple, and her terror had finally started to manifest itself as something useful; it had given her fire, and she fought against him tooth and nail, completely out of her skin, with every iota of strength she could muster. She kicked and punched, making impact in his stomach and groin, though also the thin air; she spat in his face and raked her nails down his cheeks and arms, leaving red welts in their place; snapping her teeth at or around any part of him that came close enough to her. \"Fuck off...Get offa me, you sonofabitch...Go away...\" As his attempts to shut her up and spread her legs - leg - apart became fruitless, he seized a hank of hair at the front of her head in a black rage, and knocked her head thrice against the hard wood floor so hard that she room began to spin, and her eyes grew hazy. He stood up indignantly, pulling his pants back over his erect member. \"You're such a pretty lil' thing, but you cuss like a sailor and fight like a man...'Snot how to win over a feller at all.\" He kicked her, his foot making impact right in her bloody stump as she frantically tried to preserve what little dignity she had left, pulling her skirt back over her twat. She howled again, the pain bringing about fresh tears and making her retch again - this time something came out, and she barely had time to turn her head to the side to vomit on the bare floorboards rather than herself. It still dragged through her hair and coated her face, the stink of it bringing fresh tears to her eyes. The man laughed as he watched her convulse in her own stinking mess, drinking in her suffering with his eyes, taking a long drag on his cigarette. \"P-please just tell me your name...\" Red sobbed, the indignity and the pain and the sheer unadulterated terror turning her thoughts to slurry and her speech to jargon. \"Butch Cavendish, ma'am,\" he tipped his hat to her as he walked to the door with that same arrogant gunslinger strut as before. \"Pleasure to make your acquaintance.\" He tipped his hat to her, before sauntering out and bolting the door from the outside, trapping her in. It was clear that his plan had been to leave her to bleed to her death. She would have done, too; however, a passerby on the street had heard her cries and come to her aid. She'd been taken to her home; a doctor had been called by her distraught mother; he'd cauterised her wound and saved her from a death by blood loss, but there was clearly nothing he could do to save her leg, given that it had been amputated and eaten by Butch Cavendish, nor was there any way to rid her of the memories which she retained for years and years after. Her life was a miserable wreck, and so it continued to be for what seemed like a lifetime as she sat in her bedroom, reduced to an invalid, her long skirts hiding her stump. It sickened her to look at, really. She'd been only seventeen years of age. She was not long eighteen when she gave birth to her bastard eight and a half months later. She'd tried everything to kill it as her stomach swelled, but the thing wouldn't fucking die. After spending seventeen hours alone, in a pain so tremendous she hadn't felt anything like it since the...incident, and once she'd held it in her arms and seen its face, she hadn't either the heart nor the energy to smother it. She'd wrapped it in a blanket and spend the next day and a half hobbling on her crutch the eight and a half miles to the nearest poor-house, and dumped it there on the doorstep. She hadn't left a note or anything; she'd placed it on the ground in its wrappings, and walked away without looking back; ignoring its cries and gurgles. She'd barely had a night of sleep since giving birth to the thing; the fatigue had nearly killed her. She thought that it had been a girl, though she couldn't rightly say. She never named it. If she had named it, she would have grown attached to it, and she couldn't risk endearing herself to her rapist's child. Butch Cavendish had ruined her life. Her audition for the ballet company in the big city had never happened; her career had been left in bloody tatters before it had even begun; she'd risked her life trying to kill his spawn as it grew inside of her, between starving herself, and the ever-tightening corsets; then again as she delivered it herself on the floor of her bathroom. She never married; never bore another child; her later career had somehow taken a turn towards brothel madam, and it made her feel like shit to watch unwashed creeps feeling up her girls like they were their property. She herself never found pleasure in the arms of a man, or indeed truly knew the loving of one. And all so the bastard didn't miss out on a meal. ","Summary":" She came to, and the room was as dark as the world outside - she guessed it was gone midnight; prob"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Lone Ranger","Author":"sting12","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11025358","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Shooting the guy who was trying to kill him, the lone ranger didn't spot the guy at the bottom of the hill grabbing for his gun. Hearing the shot, the lone ranger didn't have time to move before he felt the impact of the bullet in his left shoulder. Unable to stop himself from falling, he felt his body starting to roll down the hill. Blacking out the ranger came to feeling a pain of fire coming from his shoulder. Silver was beside him trying to get him up. Shaking his head to clear it, the ranger rolled over to silver reaching up and putting his hand in the stirrup. \"Water…water.\" The ranger told Silver. Silver knowing what his master needed walked slowly pulling the ranger beside him until he stopped at a small pond. Letting his hand drop to the ground, the ranger began crawling the short distance to the water. The pain moved over his whole body making the short distance feeling like a mile long. Finally reaching the water, the ranger managed to drink some before the darkness took him. Silver tried to wake his master up, but couldn't so he stood guard knowing Tonto would be back soon. Tonto on the other hand, was at the crossing making sure he kept the Indians and cowboys separated by using the dynamite that his friend had gave him. Sensing the ranger needed him, Tonto waited until the army came to take over. Jumping on scout, Tonto rode off in search of his friend. Finding the last spot he had saw him, Tonto followed Silver's tracks until he spotted the white stallion beside a water hole. Rushing scout forward, Tonto jumped off running over to the ranger. Spotting blood all over his left shoulder, Tonto slowly turned him over noticing the bullet wound, and figuring the bullet was still in. Knowing it had to come out; Tonto made came and built a fire to heat up his knife. Pulling the rangers shirt off, Tonto made him comfortable as possible before checking to see if the knife was hot enough. Moving over to his friend, Tonto noticed the ranger was starting to stir. The ranger tried to get up but the pain in his shoulder kept him down. It was then he looked up spotting Tonto, \"Stay down kemosabe, wound very bad.\" The ranger nodded, \"Have you gotten the bullet out?\" \"I am ready to.\" Tonto stated grabbing a piece of cloth, putting it in the ranger's mouth, \"Bite down.\" The ranger nodded biting down as Tonto placed the knife on his wound. The lone ranger bite down harder trying not to jerk as Tonto dug the bullet out. Once it was out, the ranger felt his body relax trying to get his breathing under control. Tonto bandaged his shoulder up before preparing some medicine to give him. \"Drink this.\" The ranger nodded drinking it all before he couldn't keep his eyes open. Tonto smiled, \"Rest now Kemosabe.\" Hoping he would sleep through the night, Tonto laid down heading off in a light sleep. The lone ranger watched as the people beat Tonto. His guns had been taken so he couldn't make them stop. The ranger ran trying to stop them but the guys held him back making him was as Tonto was being hurt. \"Tonto!\" The lone ranger sat up regretting the movement as pain went through his shoulder. Tonto was beside him in seconds, \"Easy Kemosabe, you have bad fever.\" The ranger nodded waiting for the pain to stop before he laid back down. The ranger reached up to rub his eyes when he realized his mask was gone. Tonto noticed his reaction letting him know that the mask was safe. The ranger relaxed knowing Tonto would look out for him and make sure no one would find him. Watching the ranger head off to sleep, Tonto watched him before walking around to gather some wood for the fire. Coming back Tonto noticed the lone ranger was trying to raise off the ground, sweat all over him. Dropping the wood, Tonto rushed to his side, pushing him back down, \"You must rest Kemosabe. Fever is very high.\" \"Too..hot…fire get…away.\" The lone ranger mumbled in his delirium. Tonto reached for their medical supplies and grabbed some more of the medicine. Making it into a broth, Tonto held the bowl up to the rangers lips, \"Drink Kemosabe, medicine help.\" Somehow in his delirium, the lone ranger drank it before relaxing back against the saddle. Glad to see him resting again, Tonto took the time to change the bandages. Then for the next 24 hours, Tonto stayed by the rangers side until the fever finally broke. The lone ranger woke up his eyes and head clear, \"How long its been Tonto?\" \"Few days.\" \"What happened with the Indians?\" \"The army came, fixed everything. They took away the bad men.\" The lone ranger started to rise, but Tonto stopped him, \"No kemosabe, not strong.\" \"I'm strong enough Tonto. You've done well to help me. I want to visit the mission church, then we be on our way.\" Tonto knowing nothing could stop him, helped the lone ranger onto silver's back. Silver glad to see his master well, neighed in happiness. As they traveled to the church, the lone ranger felt his strength returning from being in the saddle. Checking with the padre to make sure the woman and child were doing fine, the lone ranger and Tonto left with the final words. \"Hi-Ho-Silver!\" ","Summary":" Shooting the guy who was trying to kill him, the lone ranger didn't spot the guy at the bottom of t"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Pinch Hit","Author":"NeverMineToHold","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10940710","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: \"Pinch Hit\" Status: Complete Fandom: The Lone Ranger (2013) Pairing(s)/Character(s): John Reid/Tonto, Silver Disclaimer: Copyright at Walt Disney Studios. No infringement intended. Rating: T Genre: Alternate Universe – Canon, post-movie, slash, friendship, mild humor, character introspection Warning: none Summary: It was not about the Cullen gang, or the ants, Tonto's madness or even about accepting his destiny as a Spirit Walker. Just another day in John's crazy life... Pinch Hit Tonto was engaged in deep conversation. With an anthill, a little mound of dried mud, twigs and dirt, crawling and wriggling right under his nose while he muttered ominously. John, sitting astride Silver in the sparse shade cast by a cypress, watched the proceedings with helpless resignation. He had been banned from the immediate premises, seeing as Silver had developed a taste for the fat, angry red ants. The daft beast probably liked how their acid tingled on its tongue, but they could hardly allow the stallion to eat them all. Not that their little eyewitnesses decided to plead the fifth and withhold vital information. John snorted at his own thoughts, not bothered that they smacked of temporary insanity, and hid his grin behind the brim of his white hat. Being a Spirit Walker, it seemed par for the course. Also, he could no longer count how often he had managed to do, and survive, the impossible. Adding to that the visions, dreams, and the absence of all scars he should have had... well... As William Shakespeare had so aptly put it: 'There are more things in Heaven and Earth, Horatio, than are dreamt of in your philosophy.' John shifted in the saddle, drops of sweat running down his neck to be soaked up by his collar. His dusty skin was starting to itch and peel. And to think that the day had started with luck (mostly) on their side: Outlaws had tried to rob the very same bank Tonto and John just so happened to ride past. Upon bursting in, bullets, bonnets and a tomahawk went flying. One heroic Mexican standoff later the Cullen brothers and their posse managed to escape the wreckage of a formerly solid brick building, because two crying women had nothing better to do than cling to the famous Lone Ranger. - Which prompted Tonto to pinch him in a scandalous place to stake his claim... That had been awkward. Anyways, no casualties, thank God, other than a dozen corsets, crinolines, and a fainting reverend. Naturally, they had given chase. And now, three hours later, here they were, the trail lost thanks to the wind. \"What is the matter?\" John inquired after a few more minutes of listening to that ponderous grunting. \"Are they not amenable to showing us the way?\" \"Been very helpful,\" Tonto said with a grave nod that nearly dislodged his stuffed raven. He rose, brushing ants and sand from his buckskins, then pointed east. \"Say that way.\" John strained his eyes, seeing nothing but more non-descript dunes that stretched towards the horizon. Not that he had seriously expected to find any trace that the Cullen posse had come through. He wasn't worried, though: Tonto's special brand of madness had yet to lead them astray. \"That way.\" John shrugged. \"All right.\" \"It is?\" John was torn between a grin at how astonished Tonto sounded that his ant-divined direction was not questioned and a guilty wince for all the times in the past where his skepticism had them at each others throat. \"Yes. I have utter faith in you.\" \"Hmm,\" Tonto hummed and swung himself into the saddle behind John. \"As well you should.\" \"No need to sound so smug,\" John muttered, then jumped, feeling one warm hand settle on his hip, the other coming to rest on the flat of his stomach. Soft breath and lips teased along his earlobe. \"W-we really need to get you a horse of your own!\" \"Great Spirit Horse does not mind.\" Silver snorted in agreement and started eastward at a quick trot, too impatient to wait for a command from his rider. Since John was too busy fighting the heat that threatened to burn his face to a crisp it was just as well. He quickly gave up and relaxed, inhaling the smell of clay and ash that always clung to Tonto. Or tried to, but a leather saddle can be quite unforgiving for bruised skin. \"What is it?\" \"...next time, pinch me somewhere else.\" Tonto laughed, but at least he had the decency to make it up to John a few hours later, when they had made camp and settled in for the night. Needless to add, east turned out to be the right direction, a fact that spelled the end for the Cullen gang. Eventually. The End R&R; ","Summary":" Title: \"Pinch Hit\" Status: Complete Fandom: The Lone Ranger (2013) Pairing(s)/Character(s): John "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"The Lone Ranger II","Author":"Scarlett Michealson","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12862990","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The Lone Ranger II Scarlett Michealson \"Reid!\" The Professor shouted before class began. I raised my hand. The first day was always boring. We always just read through the syllabus and got done fifteen minutes early. The good part was we never had homework for the first week. When he had taken attendance, he paused, looking back through the names, as though he were looking for someone specific. The class sat, waiting. \"Reid!\" He shouted again. I raised my hand again and smiled. \"Here.\" I said out loud. He looked up. Of course, it was my last name. My first name was Scarlet. \"Where'd you get a name like that?\" He asked. I laughed as the class looked at me. \"My father...sir. Why?\" I asked, confused. He chuckled. \"Your family been here a while?\" He asked. I nodded. \"My father always says we've been here since before the railroad.\" I replied. I found it out that he was asking me these things. And then it occurred to me. Father said there was a story behind our name. He just never told me what it was. This was a history class. Maybe the Professor knew something, I didn't. \"And what's his name?\" He asked. I smiled. \"David. But all his friends call him Danny.\" I replied. A sparkle flickered in his eyes and he stepped back. \"And his father's name?\" The Professor asked. I chuckled. \"Jonathan Reid.\" I replied. The Professor chuckled, as though he were in awe, and shook his head. \"Well, I'll be damned.\" He breathed. The whole class was puzzled, but I knew that he knew something. \"And what did they both do for a living?\" He asked. I laughed. \"Funny you would ask like that. They were and are both Texas Rangers.\" I replied. He sat back, leaning against his desk. \"My first name Tonto. Tonto Savage Jr.\" He said to me. The class chuckled and he gave them an evil glare. I didn't react, because I didn't know the name. I didn't know the story. \"I'm an old friend of your father, and my father was an old friend of your grandfather.\" He explained. I nodded. \"You don't know your family's story, do you?\" He asked. I shook my head. \"My father never told me. I know there is one, I just don't know it.\" I smiled. He sighed. \"Time you knew.\" He chuckled. And so the story began. The Indian tribes in this region tell a story, a legend, of two outlaws. Known for their odd appearances, and for their incredible skills. Each tribe has a different story, but together, they form one, larger, story. The first tribe tells a story that two men appeared in the dead of night to warm them of an attack. The tribe laughed them off, for one of the two men was a white man. But when morning came, the men were gone. In the distance smoke could be seen from a mountain top, and by that afternoon, the tribe was under attack. Several years later, the two men returned again, and said they needed help. This time the tribe listened, and they want on to live in peace. Another tribe says that two men came to them in late summer, when it was hot. One of them spoke of the other, announcing him as a spirit walker. This was a legend known to many tribes. A spirit walker was said to have come back from the dead, and could not be killed in battle. The men said they were hunting another white man, known for killing people at random, and eating their hearts. The tribe helped them, restoring them to proper health. The next night the man they were hunting appeared, and when they dueled with their pistols, the spirit walker was shot in the heart, but he lived to kill the other. And the third and final tribe spoke of two men who appeared also in the night. They came from the desert and it appeared they had been out for a long time. One of them, a white man, wore a black mask which he never removed. When the tribe took them to go hunting they discovered he was hunting a person. The tribe described an encounter where they stumbled upon a camp of white men, and when they saw the man in the mask, who wore a ranger's badge, their faces turned white and they cried out, \"We killed you, we killed you! You're dead!\" And in reply the lone ranger responded, \"I've come back for revenge.\" And as the men fled, he killed all three with a single bullet. The tribes have all asked the man if he was a ghost. His only reply was that he was a Spirit Walker, prosecuting those men to the full extent of the law. The professor smiled as the class gasped throughout the stories. At the end they all looked at me. \"So who are you?\" Someone asked me. I smiled and looked back at the professor. \"I'm his Granddaughter.\" I smiled with a sparkle in my eye. \"It was rumored,\" Started the professor,\" that no one really knew who the long ranger was. His black mask hid his face, but his white hat and his ranger badge could always be seen. And every now and then, two men would ride into our little town: one white man and one Indian. The white man wore a white hat, and a ranger badge, but no mask, and they always seemed in ordinary health. The white man had a wife, and a son named Danny. He would take care of them and see to it that they had a good life, but when he disappeared no one ever saw him go. It was even said that the Lone Ranger, the masked man, visited his wife in the middle of the night. But she never spoke a word of it.\" He sighed. Someone raised their hand. \"Isn't it obvious then, that they were the same person?\" He asked. The professor shook his head. \"You would think. But no one was ever sure. You see, the masked man, The Lone Ranger, killed the men he hunted. Most of them were evil and vile anyways. The unmasked man who rode into our town from time to time never even held a gun. He simply put his criminals in jail and rode off. They seemed different, and looked the same. This is why many thought that the Lone Ranger was the ghost of the other man, seeking revenge on those who could never get behind bars.\" The class was silent. \"Well that's one heck of a legend.\" Someone said and the whole class agreed. Suddenly the bell rang, and everyone jumped from their seats. When I had gathered my things, I walked up to the professor, who did indeed, look very Indian. He looked at me and paused. \"But you know, it's all just legend. Nothing could ever be proved.\" He whispered. I laughed. \"But if you are who you say you are, then your father was the Indian who always rode with him, yes?\" I asked. He nodded. \"So you would believe the stories?\" I asked. He chuckled and took something from his pocket, and handed it to me. \"Give that to your Grandfather, will you.\" He smiled. I nodded and watched him disappear. It was August and very hot in Texas. As I walked home, I could see desert all around my town. I frowned and wondered where father was just about now. As I walked I failed to notice the man walking behind me until it was too late. Suddenly, I was being grabbed. His hand covering my mouth, the other wrapped around me as he started to pull me in the opposite direction. As he dragged me I grew insanely calm and out of nowhere, I felt an incredible strength. I put my feet flat on the ground and stopped him, before flipping the man over my head and laying him flat on the sidewalk. Without waiting, I ran past him and all the way home. I didn't stop to look if he got up or where he went, I only knew that I had to be home. When I reached the end of the road in our town, I started down my long driveway. I kicked up the dust behind me in case he was chasing me. I practically launched myself through the front door of my house, and locked it firmly behind me. Sighing a sigh of relief, I stood back and stared out the window. There was no one. Looking around I realized they were probably out back. Smiling I walked through the house and opened the back door. My back porch was my favorite part of the house. \"What happened to you?\" He asked. I looked over at the old man in his rocking chair. He seemed old and fragile but I suddenly had the sense that it was just an act. \"Nothing. Just decided to run home.\" I smiled. The old man gave me an odd look. His piercing blue eyes staring at me. I walked over and sat down. \"What kind of a look is that, Grandfather?\" I asked, pulling my books out of my bag. He chuckled. \"A suspicious one.\" And we both laughed. I thought about my class and the story I had just been told. I frowned and opened my textbook, trying to forget it. \"You seem different today.\" Grandfather commented. I looked up from my textbook and when our eyes met he sat up and leaned in towards me. My eyes didn't leave his. \"What happened to you? Seriously?\" He whispered. It was one of the only times I've ever seen him get serious. I sighed. \"A lot.\" I replied. He seemed very serious. It made me almost nervous. In that moment a horse snorted and we both looked over to see my father riding up to the porch. It had been over a week since I had seen him. \"Hey guys.\" He smiled. Grandfather nodded. \"Hello Father!\" I replied. I watched him get off his white horse and walk up onto the porch. Grandfather and father shook hands and I got a hug. \"You've changed.\" He suddenly said. I laughed and looked at the two of them. \"What is it with the both of you?\" I asked. Father looked at Grandfather. \"I thought the same thing.\" He said, Texas twang and all. \"What'd you learn about in school today?\" He asked. I frowned as I walked towards the doorway. \"Just an old legend.\" I replied. There was a pause. \"What old legend?\" Father asked, stepping towards me. I stopped in the doorway and looked back at them. \"The Lone Ranger.\" I replied and my eyes looked at Grandfather who sat up straight in his chair. The two looked at each other and back at me. \"The two of you look as though you've seen a ghost. You honestly thought I wouldn't find out?\" I asked. \"Who told you?\" Grandfather looked about as serious as they come. I smiled and pulled out of my pocket what the Professor had given me. \"A man who told me to give you this.\" I replied and tossed it to him. It was a black mask. At the sight of what he held in his hands, Grandfather looked as though he would cry. Father and him seemed to stare at it forever. \"What could that mean?\" Father asked him. Grandfather chuckled. \"Only one man would have this mask all these years: Tonto.\" He smiled, looking up again. Father looked at me. \"He's my History Professor. When he saw my name he knew me right away.\" I told them. \"So he told you our story then?\" He asked. I nodded. Father nodded and looked at Grandfather. \"Then it's time.\" He sighed. Grandfather nodded. \"Time for what?\" I asked. He looked at me. \"History to repeat itself.\" He smiled and from his pocket he pulled something out and tossed it to me. Looking at what I held I understood what he meant. \"Never take off the mask.\" Grandfather warned. I nodded. Then he tossed something at me too. \"You think I'll need it?\" I asked. He nodded. \"The Lone Ranger always needs a gun.\" He replied, tossing something else to me. I clipped it on my jacket. \"I hear by deputize you as a Texas Ranger.\" Father declared. I smiled. \"But you aren't the Lone Ranger without this.\" I suddenly heard Mother's voice behind me. When I turned around, I saw her put a white hat on my head. \"Now, you're The Lone Ranger.\" She smiled at me. I nodded and I suddenly knew my place in the world. 5 years later As I sat in my office, writing a new document, I suddenly saw people running past the door. \"Professor! Come quick! Look!\" Someone shouted. I jumped from my chair and raced outside. There, in the center of campus, sat a lone ranger on her horse, staring at a man hanging from his foot on a tree and yelling about how he wanted to kill us all. I chuckled, shaking my head. \"Who is that?\" The students were whispering and pointing, but no one dared to get too close. I pushed my way through the crowd and walked up to her as she got down from her white stallion. \"I trust you know how to handle this situation, Professor.\" She called out as I walked up. I chuckled. \"Well, I'll be damned!\" I exclaimed, shaking her hand. She smiled. \"Last time you said that I was just a school girl in your class.\" She replied. I couldn't believe it. \"When you didn't come back to school, we all thought you were dead.\" I replied. She chuckled and our eyes met. \"That's why I wear the mask.\" She replied. \"But you already knew that, didn't you?\" She whispered. As she rode off on her horse, the students cut the man down and helped me handcuff him. \"Who was that?\" They all kept asking. I smiled. \"You couldn't tell by the ranger badge, the white hat, or the black mask?\" I asked them. Everyone shook their heads. I chuckled. \"That's the Lone Ranger.\" The End ","Summary":" The Lone Ranger II Scarlett Michealson \"Reid!\" The Professor shouted before class began. I raised"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Première réaction","Author":"Horoue","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10799108","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Coucou J'ai vue le film Lone Ranger il y a un petit moment et cette scène m'a interrogé et marqué. J'ai donc décidé d'écrire un très court OS sur Tonto. Voilà :) En espérant que vous ferez bonne lecture. -Les personnages ne m'appartienne pas- Tonto bougea les yeux pour regarder l'enfant qui c'était arrêter devant son espace. Le petit sursauta et activa, avec adresse, à plusieurs reprises son arme en plastique. Tonto fut trop surpris pour esquisser un geste mais son cœur se serra et ses yeux humidifièrent légèrement. Cet enfant n'avait eu aucune hésitation, tirer d'abord et poser les questions ensuite ? Comme autre fois les cavaleries. S'il avait eu un véritable révolver Tonto serait criblé de balles... L'indien se désola avec tristesse que les meures n'évolue gère dans l'écoulement des époques. Sans montrer ce qu'il ressentait Tonto proposa un échange, après tout cela faisait un moment que lui et son oiseau n'avaient rien mangé. Et ces cacahouètes semblaient très appétissante. Il entama ensuite de conter son histoire et celle de Kémosabé. C'était son fardeau et sa rédemption en même temps. Faire vivre l'histoire de son peuple, mais aussi l'histoire d'un homme de valeur, son ami John. Ça vous a plue ? Reviews ? ","Summary":" Coucou J'ai vue le film Lone Ranger il y a un petit moment et cette scène m'a interrogé et marqué. "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"survivors","Author":"FanGurlz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11344487","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Survivors History repeats itself \"You coming kemosabe?\" said tonto as they rode through a river. John was a little further back in the river. \"How much longer till we hit this Indian camp?\" he called. \"Just have to cross river and turn corner\" tonto called back. They were on their way to an Indian camp in the desert to resupply. Tonto knew most of the people there. As they turned the corner tonto stopped his horse, his eyes softened and he sat on his horse still as a statue. \"Tonto? What's wrong?\" asked john. Tonto didn't answer and didn't move, john wondered if he was even breathing. John got off his horse and looked to where tonto was staring. When he did a gasp escaped his lips. Around the corner was the Indian camp, but it had been burned to the ground, bodies of its villagers scattered everywhere. John knew what tonto was thinking- which was saying something- he was thinking of when his village was attacked, and how he had been the cause of it. \"What should we do?\" asked john. \"Check for survivors\" was the only words that came out of tonto's mouth. John got back on his horse and took one side of the camp, tonto took the other. As john rode through the camp looking for anybody who could still be alive, he wondered what kind of person-no, not person monster, would do such a thing! Suddenly something caught the corner of his eye, he turned to where a deer hind blanket laid on the ground. He swore he'd saw it move, he jumped off silver and walked over to the blanket. He picked it up to revel a young Indian girl, she couldn't have been no older than eight. She had long black silk-like hair and tan skin, she wore light tanned dress and matching moccasins. \"Do you speak English?\" john asked. The child shied away, but answered meekly \"yes.\" \"Good\" john said gently then he called \"tonto, I found one!\" Tonto rode over to them, when he saw the young girl he peered at the child, wondering how she could have survived. The little girl stared back, then she asked john \"are you a raccoon?\" \"What?\" asked john, looking up at tonto. \"You have mask\" she stated \"so you are raccoon.\" Tonto smirked as john took off the mask to show her that it wasn't part of her face. \"Oh\" she said. \"What is your name?\" asked john. \"anidawehi\" she said almost proud. \"anidawehi?\" said tonto. \"What does it mean? Asked john. \"Cherokee for angel\" stated tonto, he looked at john \"come kemosabe, we leave.\" \"What about adi- adina- the kid?\" said john, having trouble pronouncing her name. \"She stay\" said tonto. \"Tonto!\" shouted john \"we can't just leave her here.\" \"I stay in desert as child\" said tonto \"can't she?\" \"No!\" said john. \"Why?\" asked tonto. \"Because then she'll end up crazy like you!\" screamed john. Tonto looked between john and anidawehi, he rolled his eyes as the child gave him big, pleading eyes. Tonto sighed \"We take girl\" he said reluctantly. The little girl let out a yelp of joy and crawled onto tonto's horse and hugged his chest. John laughed \"I think she's likes you.\" Tonto gave him a look and rode off. AN: More chapters to come, kemosabes![Chapter 2] 2. Wanted The lone ranger, tonto and their newest addition anidawehi, made their way to reds tavern, since the Indian camp was destroyed, they would resupply there. Tonto looked at the little girl still gripping his chest letting her head rest on his back. He found it both creepy and comforting. They finally made it to the tavern and jumped off their horses. \"So what's your name again?\" asked john. \"anidawehi\" answered the girl. \"That's a mouthful, do you have a nickname?\" he asked. \"anida\" she said. \"Good. You see, that I can pronounced\" said john. She smiled. They opened the door to the tavern and anida ran in, but tonto grabbed her shoulder. \"Stay close\" he warned \"some men bad in here.\" Anida smiled and nodded. They went to the back of the tavern and up a staircase. Anida looked around unaware that most of the men were drunk and the women were dressed in cleavage showing dresses. \"We're going to see a friend, okay?\" said john. \"Alright\" said anida. They came to the top of the stairs and the owner of the tavern, red, sat at a desk shuffling through paperwork. Red looked up \"hello boys.\" She said then she looked at anida \"and girl?\" \"anida's her name\" said john. Red got up and stared at her anida stared back. \"Pretty!\" she exclaimed. \"Well, thank you darling\" red said then she turned to tonto and john \"boys, a word.\" \"What about anida?\" asked john. Red sat anida down on the sofa and gave her a paper and a pencil. \"Draw something pretty\" she told her. Once they were in the back room, red closed the door, a worried expression on her face. \"Red, what is it?\" asked john as worried as her expression. Red sighed \"if I were you to I'd get that kid to a safe spot and keep her there.\" Tonto and john looked at each other, confused. Red shuffled through some papers and slapped one on the coffee table, it was a wanted poster for a man named Ronald Benson. \"He's a slave seller\" red explained \"and he's after that little girl.\" \"Why?\" asked tonto. \"He takes any Indian's he can, grabs them and burns their camps\" said red shaking her head sadly \"he came in here a week ago and said he was looking for a girl. An Indian girl.\" \"My god\" whispered john \"he wants her as a slave!\" \"Both of you listen to me\" red said sternly \"you take that kid somewhere, I don't care where, as long as it's somewhere safe. Ya hear?\" \"We hear\" tonto nodded. \"Good, now get what you need and get a move on\" said red \"Ronald Benson has been here a lot in the past few days he might come back.\" ","Summary":" Survivors History repeats itself \"You coming kemosabe?\" said tonto as they rode through a river. "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Corrupt","Author":"Angel Von Ripper","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10729650","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:I do not own anything for anyone from The Lone Ranger. However I do own all original characters and the plot. Please do not steal what I own. Thank you! She took a deep breath as she walked down the single dirt road that ran through the town of Colby. She kept her eyes downcast, not wanting to see the looks from the people and most of all her family. The looks of shame, disappointment, and horror. Well, she could deal with those looks from other people. Just not her family. Especially not from her older brother`s wife and her son. They just didn`t understand. Sure they know almost the whole story, half of it they didn`t believe, and they tried to understand as much as they could. But they just couldn`t. Not why her brothers did what they did and certainly not why she did what she did. Not this time. When the tip of her bare feet brushed the edge of wood she finally look up to see the steps leading up to the gallows. It was hard to believe that they were actually meant for her and only her. Some people would say that she was driven to it. That living with a man like that for so long would only make you crazy. And others...well others would say that she deserved what she had coming. That one was the majority of people really. Even with those thoughts out there, no one would of thought that the sweet little girl most of them grew up with would become the woman standing in front of them. Of course no one expected what happen to happen to her. To most what happened would be a horror story. But to her, it was an adventure. One that brought her terror, love, happiness, and life. And a chance to finally know what she had always longed for. \"Up you go Miss. Reid,\" Lathem Cole ordered from the top of the stairs. She rolled her eyes and slowly made her way up the steps and looked up at him when she got to the top. \"I`d prefer it if you called me by my real last name.\" Lathem simply huffed and grabbed her elbow and lead her up to the noose hanging in the middle of the platform. To him no one was really worthy of that last name. Least of all her. He considered her to be nothing but a nuisance. Lathem would always be proud of himself for convincing her father to send her away to some boarding school in San Francisco after her mother died. He had convinced him that he couldn`t raise a fifteen year old by himself. How a young lady of her stature needed a good education. She had been gone for so long Lathem had actually forgotten her. But of course, now twenty, she was back in his life and worse then ever. But not for long. \"I never could understand why you hated me so damn much,\" She murmured as she stood under the noose. \"You were in my way. But not anymore,\" He answered with a grin. \"Any last words, Miss?\" The executioner asked, holding the noose in his hand. \"That I am remember with my real last name. My husbands last name,\" She answered, ignoring Lathem`s grunt of displeasure. The man nodded. \"Your last name?\" \"Iv`e had enough of this. Just hang her already,\" Lathem hissed, cutting her off before she could say anything. She rolled her eyes and stood up straight as the executioner placed the noose around her neck. He carefully scooped her hair out and moved it out of the way before he began tightening the rope. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath and opened her eyes again and began scanning the crowd. She knew it was wishful thinking, hoping someone would be there to save her. Even if it was just one of them. It was far too dangerous for them to try and save her. But she couldn`t help but hope. \"Try to look all you want but they aren`t here. They won`t save you this time,\" Lathem said with a grin, seeming to know exactly what she was thinking. \"We`ll see,\" She murmured as she closed her eyes and took a deep breath, trying to prepair herself for the worst. \"Pull the damn lever!\" Lathem yelled. A gasp escaped her lips as the floor fell through. She expected to feel pain. To feel darkness encase her. But what she didn`t expect was to feel her bare feet hit the dirt. She quickly opened her eyes and looked up and grinned. The rope had been cut. Stuck in the wood above her was his knife. He had come. I finally gave in and decided to write a Lone Ranger story. I know the prologue is kind of vague but it`ll be understandable later. This story will be a bit slow the first couple of chapters but it should speed up fairly quickly. Just a fair warning, this story may not be updated every week. My other story Chaotic Love is my main priority. But this story will be updated a lot. I promise. It just may not be every week. Now I know that the fandom on here is a bit small, so if you read and like this story please review and let me know. That way I know people like it and I can update as soon as possible. Thank you![Chapter 2] Disclaimer:I own nothing or anything from The Lone Ranger. However I do own all original characters and the plot. Please do not steal what I own. Thank you! Charlotte took a deep breath as she glanced out the window of her dorm room. No, former dorm room. This was her last day. She was finally done with school and she was now heading home. Charlotte had been in this place since she was fifteen years old. She wasn`t even aloud to leave for her own Father`s funeral last year. It didn`t bother her though. Not even a week after her Mother died she was sent away. All the way from Texas to San Fransisco. She never did understand why her Father sent her away so quickly. And now she would never know. That secret died with him. \"You ready to leave, Charlotte?\" Sarah asked as she walked into their room, pulling her dark brown curls into a bun. \"Almost. Just have to finish packing,\" Charlotte replied softly, putting a few more things into her trunk. \"Its hard to leave, ain`t it?\" Sarah asked as she sat down on her old bed. \"Yeah. We`ve been here for so long. It just...it almost doesn`t feel right leaving,\" Charlotte answered while fingering a few of the black curls hanging by her ears from the bun on the top of her head. \"I know what you mean. It almost feels like we`re abandoning this place.\" \"I suppose it does. It`ll be nice to be home though. I get to see both of my brothers, Rebecca, and Danny. I hate to say it, but I actually miss that old town.\" Sarah laughed and nodded. \"Try and stay alive on that train right, will ya?\" \"Of course I will. Don`t worry. Besides, my brother John will be coming home a week after I get there,\" Charlotte commented with a grin. \"Oh yes, the Lawyer,\" Her friend murmured with a nod. \"Two rangers and a lawyer. That`s some family you have.\" \"No not really. I think yours might be more interesting.\" \"Not by much.\" Sarah came from a family of fairly rich people. There were four senators, including her father, five lawyers, three bankers, and nine lawmen. She came from quite the big family. Hell, she had tweleve siblings. Of course it only made sense to send their six daughters off to some boarding school a five days train ride away, to her parents anyway. It was almost a wonder the two girls got along so well. But Charlotte considered Sarah her one and only true friend and had for four years. The only thing she would really miss about the school would be Sarah and vis versa. That and some of the kids. The boarding school they were in offered education starting at six all the way to eighteen. It was quite the interesting school. \"I`m gonna miss you,\" Charlotte whispered as she closed the lid on her trunk, locket it and walked over to her friend. Sarah smiled a little and pulled her into a hug. \"I`m gonna miss you too.\" After looking around the room they called home for the past four years the girls grabbed their trunks, walked out of the school and began the two mile walk to the train station. Charlotte would leave first and Sarah would leave an hour latter. Both finally heading home to see their families. \"Now, I want you to send me a letter once a month. And you can`t get married and start having babies until I meet the guy,\" Sarah said with a laugh as they walked into the train station. \"Only if I can do the same with you,\" Charlotte said with a laugh. \"Deal.\" \"Good. Now promise me you won`t let your parents talk you into marrying someone.\" \"I promise.\" Charlotte nodded and walked up to the platform her train was at when she heard a whistle blow. \"I suppose it`s time to leave.\" \"You better write me,\" Sarah murmured, trying to keep her tone stern. \"I will. I`ll see you soon,\" Charlotte said while pulling her friend into a hug. \"See ya soon,\" Sarah whispered as she hugged her friend back before watching as she boarded the train. As it left the station she let out a sigh. \"Please God, don`t let this be the last time I see her.\" After two and a half days of watching the scenery pass, watching buffalo rome and talking to a few old women, the train finally pulled into Colby, Texas. When Charlotte stepped into the station she finally saw her brother Dan, his wife Rebecca and their son Danny after four years. She expected to feel home. But it never came, much to her disapointment. She was born and raised here for fifteen years but she didn`t feel like she was home. \"Welcome home little sister,\" Dan Reid said with a grin as he walked up to Charlotte. \"Good to be back,\" Charlotte murmured as Rebecca pulled her into a hug. \"Do you remember your Aunt Charlotte, Danny?\" Dan asked as he looked down at his son. \"Not really,\" Danny mumbled with a shrug. \"That`s okay. I didn`t remember most of my aunts and uncles either,\" Charlotte said with a little smile and watched the boy visibly relax. She knew how bad she used to feel when she didn`t remember a relative so she could imagine how Danny felt. \"Well, how about we head home and let Charlotte get settled in,\" Rebecca said with a soft smile, not knowing what else to say as an awkward silence fell over them. \"I do believe that`s a good idea,\" Dan said with a nod before clearing his throat. \"You`ll have to forgive me, Char. The other rangers and I have to go on patrol for a little while. But I promise to be home by supper.\" Charlotte stared at her brother in surprise for a few minutes for actually using her childhood nickname before disappointment settled in. \"Oh, of course. I`ll see you at supper then.\" She knew she should of expected it. Their father was gone constantly with the rangers. Why would her brother be any different? Dan nodded. \"Good. Now Rebecca and Danny will take you to the house. I`ll see you all later.\" He tipped his hat to the girls and ruffled his son`s hair before leaving the station. \"He does that a lot. Doesn`t he?\" Charlotte whispered. \"Yeah. He ain`t home much,\" Danny murmured in reply. \"He`s a ranger. Let`s get home,\" Rebecca commented, the tone in her voice letting the two know the conversation was over. \"Just like Father. And she uses the same excuses as Mother,\" Charlotte whispered with a shake of her head as she followed them out of the station. Thank you to those that read the last chapter. This one is a little longer and gives you a better idea of what`s going on. Like I said before, the first few chapters are going to be slowly but it should pick up fairly soon. Please review and let me know what you think of this chapter. Thank you![Chapter 3] Disclaimer: I do not own anything or anything from The Lone Ranger. However I do own all original characters and the plot. Please do not steal what I own. Thank you! Charlotte took a deep breath and wiped her forehead, squinting up at the afternoon sun. She had arrived yesterday and she was already being put to work. It wasn`t that she really minded though. She just wasn`t very fond of putting up fences. Especially with so much heat. Sure San Fransco was hot. But nothing seemed to compare to Texas weather. \"Would you like some water Aunt Char?\" Danny asked as he walked up to his Aunt with a canteen. \"Of course. Thank you sweetheart,\" Charlotte answered with a grin and took the canteen and drank some of the cool water. After taking a couple of gulps and handed it back to him after kissing the top of his head. \"Run along, okay? You shouldn`t be out in this heat longer than you need to.\" Danny nodded. \"It doesn`t bother me none.\" She laughed. \"I suppose not. You get to wade around in the water the whole time.\" He grinned at her. \"You should try it.\" \"I will eventually.\" Seeming satisfied with her answer he left her alone, heading back to the house with a small dog scampering after him. Charlotte watched him for a few minutes before getting back to work. After setting three more posts in the ground she looked up at the ridge across from her and froze. She gulped and watched the Indian sitting on the horse that was apparently watching her as well. \"They won`t hurt us.\" Charlotte spun around to see Rebecca walking up to her. And she looked just as tired as her sister in law felt. \"How do you know?\" \"Treaty. They won`t came over here as long as we don`t go over there. Besides, Dan`s been talking and making friends with some of the tribes,\" Rebecca answered with a small smile. \"He trusts them?\" \"He was given something of high honor. I think that says enough.\" Charlotte bit her lip and looked up at the Indian to see him riding away. Perhaps her brother was doing more good than she thought. She watched the Indian disapear before looking back at Rebecca. \"Do you trust them?\" \"No,\" Rebecca answered honestly. \"But I don`t know them as well as Dan does.\" \"Should I trust them?\" \"That`s up to you. You might meet them.\" The two women went back to setting up fences until four and went back to the house to make supper and wait for Dan to come home. He came home around eight and by then everyone had eaten. Danny was already asleep and Rebecca was getting ready for bed. It was slowly becoming clear to Charlotte that her sister in law had begun to stop caring when it came to her husband. There were small things that gave it away. But they didn`t go unnoticed. Sure, she still cared for him. But not as her husband. \"Come talk with me,\" Dan said softly after he finished supper and said goodnight to his wife. Charlotte got up from her chair and followed her brother out on the porch. They sat down in some rocking chairs beside each other and looked out into the stary night. \"What did you want to talk about?\" \"Rebecca and Danny good to ya today?\" He asked, not bothering to look at his sister. \"Of course. They`ve been nothing but good to me. Why would you ask that?\" She asked quickly. Not quite understand why he would ask such a thing. He let out a sigh. \"I know you ain`t used to this life. I uh, I want to make sure things were going right and ya didn`t regret coming back.\" \"Of course I don`t regret coming back,\" Charlotte replied with a small laugh. \"No, I may not be used to this life but at one point I rather enjoyed it. I`m sure I can enjoy it again.\" \"But is it home?\" Dan asked, finally looking at his sister but she wouldn`t meet his gaze. \"No.\" She answered truthfully while looking at the floor. \"I see. Will you uh...go with me somewhere tomorrow?\" \"Depends on where you want to go.\" \"To visit the Comanche. Iv`e made some friends I want you to meet.\" Charlotte`s mouth fell open at her brother`s words. \"You...you want me to what?\" Dan let out sigh and took off his hat and ran a hand through his short hair. \"If it wasn`t for you being sent away ya would of met them already. But uh, that didn`t happen. I think it would really be good for ya if you came with me tomorrow.\" \"Can I think it over?\" Charlotte asked after a few minutes of silence. \"Ya have until noon to decide,\" Dan replied with a nod. Charlotte nodded at her brothers answer and stood up from the rocking chair. She bid him goodnight and went back into the house and went to bed. She laid in bed for hours pondering and listening to the wind blow and feeling a slight breeze blow in from the one open window across from her bed. She finally fell asleep at sun up. And thankfully, before sleep overcame her, she made her decision. Thank you very much for the review, favorite, and follows. That honestly made my day. I`m glad that some one actually likes this story. Hopefully you enjoy this chapter as well. The next update should be up this week or next week. And that should be pretty interesting. Anyway, please review and let me know what you think. I honestly look forward to reading what you think. Thank you! ","Summary":" Disclaimer:I do not own anything for anyone from The Lone Ranger. However I do own all original cha"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Chronicle Choice","Author":"Lady Lilith La Belle","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12810474","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Imagine Being the younger Sister of Steve and Having Powers From the Space Rock as Well but Hiding It From Them and the Night of the Talent Show, You Change Andrews Fate Despite Your Feelings I could hear her giggling and him laughing. Feelings surged within me. I stood in the hallway outside the room. A dream is why I'm standing here and not downstairs with the rest of the party. I had to make sure that my crush got laid by that drunk girl tonight. I had to make sure that he didn't end up killing my brother and ultimately dying. Closing my eyes, I tried to stop hearing their voices and focused on Andrew's body with my mind. I tried not to focus on the emotions he felt. Jealousy wouldn't do me any good. So, I focused deeper...on his digestive system. I focused on the chemicals in his body. I took the alcohol cells from his body and transported them into me. My body slumped against the wall behind me. His stomach was not going to have any interruptions in his big night...and neither would I. Knowing my job was now done I rushed to the stairs and my brother Steve was heading up with Andrew's camera at hand. He was a bit tipsy but sobered up at the sight of me. \"Val, I thought you weren't going to be drinking tonight. No, you shouldn't be drinking at all.\" My temper flared unexpectedly and it was uncharacteristic if me, \"Oh fuck off. Like you're one to talk. You always get drunk at parties. I'm going to have fun tonight and not be the 'party pooping responsibility you have to keep track of.' I can handle myself. Now, go back to the party and leave them to their business. I'm here to have fun, not be nauseated. Move.\" I shoved past him and back into the party. Steve trailing behind me as I headed to the table full of drinks. I put up a field of force around me and he couldn't snatched each cup of alcohol from my hands. I chugged them down and let my hair down. I cared for nothing but the numb feeling slowly creeping over my mind. I danced and laughed not even feeling happy, only numb. I saw when Andrew and the girl came down the stairs some time later. I was standing on a table dancing and laughing. The music my only motivation to move. Not caring who was against me or touching me. I looked at the guy dancing with me now and through my numb rage, I saw a part of myself in his eyes. The rebellious part of me I never let out and kept caged. His chopped and styled messy blondish hair caught my eye. My hands found themselves tangled in his hair and pulling him towards me as we danced. I stopped laughing I stopped smiling. I only danced. I could sense it in him...a power. A real power and I could see he sensed it in me. Every part of my skin felt like static and I was lost in those brown eyes. My brother, Matt, and Andrew stood on the sidelines watching us. My brother in worry. Matt is confusion. Andrew, in anger, confusion, and jealousy. He finally noticed me it seems. He finally noticed me when I'm lost and gliding free. Oh Andrew, he gets laid and the acknowledgement of his fellow students he's always wanted and now he notices me. No, I don't want to be denied of what I want. He never wanted me. I was in front of his face since the incident and he hardly paid me any mind. I let them watch in their mix of emotions as I finally let go of my ambitions. This guy had me sold on an adventure. I didn't want this numbness to end if it meant facing rejection again. The guy took my hand and led me off the table and we got lost in the crowd. A sense of true joy went through me. I saved my brother and Andrew's lived tonight. I deserve a reward and I laughed with the guy as we ran through out the party and through the streets. My night had only just begun. My life in this moment would go on. I wouldn't go back to being the proper daughter and sister. I would be the young and reckless girl I always was and wanted to be. Steve would never understand it. Hell, Matt wouldn't be able to comprehend it. But I think Andrew would be the first to get a clue. Bad Things - MGK ft. Camilo Cabello Anonymous- Bobby Valentino ","Summary":" Imagine Being the younger Sister of Steve and Having Powers From the Space Rock as Well but Hiding "},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Stool Pigeon","Author":"MovieVillain","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13065658","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: I really hate Richard Detmer with a passion, so he deserves a huge punishment for his actions throughout the film. I hope you guys enjoy this story. Richard Detmer couldn't believe his night. His son, Andrew, was hospitalized, and he started beating him up for his mother's death. Well, that was the last straw for Andrew, who had resorted to use his powers to kill him by sending him falling from the hospital building. However, Matt came just in time to save Richard; he may have hated him for his constant neglect and abuse towards Andrew, but killing him is not the answer. For him, he should be better off in jail. In fact, that's what happened in the aftermath. Just as Richard is about to leave his apartment scot-free from all the events that led to his son nearly killing him, a swarm of police officers came to the scene and placed him in handcuffs. \"You're under arrest, Richard Detmer,\" one Seattle police officer said as his subordinates placed the handcuffs on this sorry excuse for a father. \"We got you on child neglect, abuse, and creating a monster that nearly destroyed us all.\" Richard couldn't believe it. This was the first time he has received his punishment. Who is the stool pigeon that tattletale on him? As he is escorted outside his apartment, he found the answer. Matt... In fact, his nephew revealed he has Andrew's camera with him, making him realize that Andrew recorded all of what he did to him on tape. Even in death, Andrew is now haunting him from beyond the grave. Richard could only stare in defeat of how Matt used the recording as evidence to have the police arrest him for his crimes. Matt watches him being taken to a police car where he will be receiving his sentence. Since that night, Richard is now sentenced to life in jail with no chance of ever getting out of there, not even giving him a parole officer. Two days later, he received a visit from Matt. \"What would you like me to say, you dirty stool pigeon?\" he snarled. \"Whatever I did, it was all for his mother. She would have been alive if it wasn't for him.\" \"You don't get to blame others for your own problems, asshole!\" Matt angrily chokes him through the use of his powers. \"Because of you, Andrew and his mother are not here anymore! You killed them!\" \"Please... nephew!\" Richard struggles to speak while being choked. \"I'm sorry... for failing them both.\" \"I don't need your sympathy,\" the teen said in disgust as he pulls him closer to his face from the bars of his jail cell. \"I want you to suffer in here for the rest of your life.\" Matt then pushes him to the wall afterwards before giving him one last look at him. \"Goodbye... uncle.\" With this closure between them, he walked away with satisfaction from all of this. Andrew can now rest in peace. Author's Note: Just read Sovereign64's story known as Chronicle: Aftermath just now and it gave him an inspiration to write this story. ","Summary":" Author's Note: I really hate Richard Detmer with a passion, so he deserves a huge punishment for hi"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Stop counting","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11910345","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The first time the words left his lips, I thought he was talking to someone else. I had been startled by the way he looked at me, his eyes were the softest I'd ever seen them, he placed his hand on my shoulder and I could only blink in response. I had never been regarded in such a way, but I took it and held it close. He smiled at me, and for a small moment, I believed he meant it. ''Baby,'' he beckoned affectionately, ''Don't leave.'' The second time he said it, I was hanging off the side of my bed. I was reaching for a book that I had thrown off my bed in a fit of laughter, and he grabbed my wrist just before gravity could snatch me downwards. It slipped from his mouth in a fit of hushed humor, I glared at him anyways. ''Baby, you're so off balance.'' The third time he said it, we were hovering 30 yards above the ground and he was taunting me. The word was as sweet as honey as it graced his tongue, but his words, they burned. I smiled at him, regardless. ''We have all of this power and he's acting like a child. You're my baby.'' The fourth time, he was lying in my bed with his clothes littering my floor. My door was locked and shut, but I lingered near it. I listened for the heavy footsteps of my father to meet the hallway towards my bedroom, I waited to be caught. ''Nothing's gonna hurt you, baby,'' he told me, and the anxiety that ruled in my chest was smothered by something unidentifiable. I moved away from the door, towards him. The fifth time, we were sitting on the roof of his home. We were looking out into his suburban neighborhood, watching the lights in houses flicker out as the streets are flourished in ghostly, yellow lighting. I am leaning into him and I listen to the soft thump of his heart. ''I could spend all night out here with you, baby.'' The sixth time, it's over the phone. It's midnight and I'm falling asleep as he speaks to me about his history homework. He grumbles, his voice accompanied by a slight static, ''Go to bed, baby, before you die from exhaustion.'' I clicked the end call button after a hummed agreement and smiled like a child into my pillow. The seventh time, it's between kisses and Matt is calling his cell phone. ''Baby,'' he gasps, connecting his lips back to mine, ''should - we - answer - that?'' I never replied. The eighth time, I am drowsy with medication and I'm lying against his chest. I'm mumbling incessantly, but he run his fingers through my hair and lazily agrees to my nonsense, ''Whatever you say, baby.'' The ninth time, Matt is rambling about the questionable philanthropy of the human race. Steve looks over to me, exasperated, ''Let's get out of here before Matt starts going bonkers, eh, baby?'' The tenth time, I question him. ''Why do you keep calling me that?'' the words feel strange as they leave my mouth, as if I weren't supposed to say them. ''Because,'' Steve replies, not even looking up at me, ''You're my baby.'' And I stop counting. ","Summary":" The first time the words left his lips, I thought he was talking to someone else. I had been startl"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Chronicle: Aftermath","Author":"Sovereign64","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12169644","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Sovereign64: To everyone who is still following, are you surprised? So am I. I know it's been a LOOOONNNGGG time since I written anything new because honestly, at some point, I've become so busy with other things that I didn't have time to write anymore. But after some time, after my personal life settled down, I decided that I wanted to make a comeback to writing. Especially after I recently watched a movie called Chronicle. And honestly, the movie left me depressed. I'm not saying it's a bad movie, it's far from it. I do think it's entertaining but the story does left me depressed, especially what happened to Andrew by the end of the film and how horrible his father really is. So I want to write a closure to what ultimatey happen to his father by the end of the film. And I'm glad that I wrote this story because Richard Detmer is the absolutely worst character I've ever seen in any film and he deserve a huge punishment for his actions throughout the film. So that how I came up with this story and I hope you guys enjoy it. And who knows, this story may motivate me to write more stories in the future. Chronicle: Aftermath A man with shoulder-length brown hair, purple eyes and dressed in a black suit with a white collar shirt underneath, black pants and brown shoes walks down the corridor inside the building of the Seattle Police Department. He sees a woman with short orange hair, black eyes and wears a grey collar shirt, long grey skirt, black socks and black shoes standing in front of a door holding a folder in her arms. \"Inspector Francisca Ramos?\" The woman turns her head and sees the man walking over and stops when he's in front of her. \"Oh hello sir. Yes, I am Francisca Ramos.\" The woman greeted, pushing a strand of hair away from her forehead. \"You must be Inspector Nolan Mathias, right?\" The man, now known as Nolan, nods his head and stuffs his hands into his pockets. \"Yes ma'am. So who's the person we're interrogating today?\" Francisca lowers her head and removes a file from her folder and hands it to Nolan. \"His name is Richard Detmer.\" Nolan takes the file from her and reads it. \"45 year old White Male. Both of his wife and child are recently deceased. His crime is attempted assault of a hospitalized person, which is his own son Andrew Detmer, and several other accounts of child abuse, all of it recorded on his son's camera.\" \"Andrew Detmer?\" Nolan looks up at Francisca while arching an eyebrow. \"Isn't that the kid who wrecked Downtown a night ago?\" \"Yeah…\" Francisca said, narrowing her eyes uneasily. \"I saw the whole thing on television. I can't believe he could actually do all those things such as flying and even stopping bullets in the air.\" \"I was on patrol duty when the incident happened and I saw part of it personally with my own eyes. I can't believe a human being can possess such…supernatural powers.\" Nolan said, also sounding uneasy. The two stood in awkward silence for a moment as they remembered the events that happened last night. How what originally thought to be a terrorist attack at a local hospital was actually caused by a teenage boy with telekinetic powers and he and his cousin would later brawl with each other throughout the entire city. Buildings were damaged but thankfully no civilians were killed. There were still some civilians and police officers who were injured though but there was only one fatality that night being Andrew. Both inspectors couldn't help but have some sympathy for him as later, his cousin would reveal recorded evidence to the police that Andrew was abused by his father on a regular basis, which eventually led to his violent behavior and the actions he made last night. But still, it isn't an excuse for Andrew to go on a rampage and hurt other people who are completely innocent and aren't involved with his problems. Nolan and Francisca later look up at each other and the male inspector gestures his partner to the door. \"Let's go meet Richard, shall we?\" Nolan asked. Francisca nods her head in response and Nolan places his hand on the doorknob. He turns it, opening the door and the two walk inside. Both inspectors walk inside into the room to see Richard sitting on his chair and lying his head on the metal desk in the middle of the room with his eyes closed. His right wrist is cuffed to the right side of the metal chair he is sitting on while his left arm is placed on the desk. The two walk over to the other side of the desk and take their seats. Francisca then places her folder on the desk while Nolan slams his open hand onto the desk. This causes Richard to gasp as he woke up from his nap. His eyes shot open and quickly rose up to sit Nolan and Francisca sitting in front of him and staring at him solemnly. \"Wakey wakey Mr. Detmer.\" Nolan said to him. \"Wha…what time…\" Richard lets out a yawn, much to Francisca's disgust and Nolan's annoyance. \"What time is it?\" Francisca looks down at her watch around her left wrist. \"10:30 PM.\" \"I know it's kinda late but we cops have all the time in the world. But you don't.\" Nolan leans forward to Richard. \"Now…you'll swear that you will tell us the truth when we ask you several questions regarding your son and yourself. Do I make myself clear?\" \"Y-y-yes sir.\" Richard nods his head. Nolan turns to Francisca and nods his head. Francisca shifts her eyes down and secretly turns on the recording machine placed under the desk. Nolan leans back and asked Richard, \"Are you Richard Detmer?\" \"Yes.\" Richard responded. \"Is your wife Karen Detmer and your son Andrew Detmer?\" \"Yes. Yes they are.\" \"Richard, even though you're an alcoholic and judging by your behavior towards your son, possibly insane, I'm sure you're fully aware what happened to you and your son last night.\" \"Yes!\" Richard closes his eyes and grits his teeth. \"Yes it was horrible!\" He curls his left hand into a fist and slams on the desk. \"My son was a monster! He tried to kill me! And so was his cousin Matt! THEY'RE ALL MONSTERS!\" \"Richard Detmer,\" Francisca spoke up. \"Clearly you're traumatized by last night's incident and-\" \"BUT HOW?!\" Richard shouted at the inspectors with his eyes wide in horror. \"I…I thought my son was…he was just a normal kid and…\" \"Richard, your kid isn't normal.\" Nolan said. \"According to the principal of the school he went to, he apparently pull out several teeth from a student with his telekinesis. At first he didn't believe it but after what happened at Downtown Seattle last night, he couldn't believe what the student told him was actually true.\" Richard gapes his mouth open in shock and confusion. \"He did what?\" \"You don't know?\" Francisca asked. \"I thought schools always call a student's parents whenever their child causes trouble.\" \"I…I didn't answer any phone calls. It's usually my son who answers them.\" Richard replied, seemingly calming down. \"Your son answers calls for you?\" Nolan said. Richard nods his head. \"When was the time you actually knew your son had these…supernatural powers?\" \"At the hospital last night.\" \"Sounds like you don't know a lot about your son until last night.\" Francisca said. \"I…I…\" Richard sighs and lowers his head in defeat. \"Yes. I don't.\" He said lamely. \"I'm not surprised considering according to your files…\" Nolan opens Francisca's folder and looks at the file on Richard's personal info. \"You're an alcoholic who almost no money left in your family income and your son's camera shows evidence of you abusing him on a regular basis.\" Richard gapes his mouth again. \"Wait…there's evidence?\" He shook his head. \"No guys, I…I didn't mean to beat him up, I was upset and broke. I don't know what to do!\" \"Your wife also recently died from cancer because she stopped receiving regular medication.\" \"I couldn't buy medication anymore because I'm broke. I lost all of my money!\" Richard yelled, starting to feel frustrated at the inspectors' questions. \"But clearly you still got lots of money to spend on beers and alcohol. We visited the bar you go to regularly and the staff there told us you would spend hundreds of dollars on their drinks every day.\" \"I didn't spend that much! I always save my money for Karen's medication and Andrew's education!\" Richard protested. Nolan and Francisca can both tell by the tone of his voice that Richard is losing control of himself. \"Then why did the hospital told us that the last time Karen ever receive her medication was 2 months ago?\" Francisca asked. \"KAREN\"S DEATH ISN'T MY FAULT!\" Richard screamed at the top of his lungs. This causes Nolan to get up from his seat and instantly grabs Richard by his collar and pulls him over to his face. \"Nolan!\" Francisca cried in horror. She tries to get up but Nolan stops her by holding up his hand in front of her. Nolan gave a bloodthirsty glare at Richard, causing him to widens his eyes and open his jaw in horror, as if his blind rage vanished in an instant. \"I don't care if you got anger issues. But your little temper tantrum isn't gonna justify anything or excuse you for everything you have done to get yourself in here. So you better calm down before things get a hell lot worse for you, got it?\" Nolan said flatly. Richard responded by nodding his head as cold sweat roll down from the side of his head. Nolan snorted as he continues glaring at Richard. \"Look at yourself. You constantly beat up your son every day, and yet you're still not man enough to face someone your own size. You truly are pathetic.\" Nolan then pushes Richard back down on his chair. He lets out a moan of pain as his landing hurt his back a little bit. Nolan then slowly sits back down on his chair and turns to his partner, who is still looking at him worriedly. Nolan lets out a sigh. \"I'm sorry.\" He said apologetically to Francisca. Both of them turn back to Richard as he starts to sob. He closes his eyes, letting his tear roll down freely on his cheeks. He sniffed and looks back up at the inspectors with tearstained eyes. \"You're right. I truly am pathetic. My wife and son are both dead because of me.\" Francisca leans forward and calmly asked Richard, \"When did you start becoming an alcoholic?\" Richard wipes off his tears with his left hand and replied, \"3 years ago, I used to be a firefighter. I was one of the best in the group. I had a lot of friends at the fire department and they all respect me. During that time though, my wife was struck by cancer. So I promise to my family that I would work very hard at my job to earn lots of money for my wife's medication.\" Richard's eyes grew cold as a painful memory came to his mind. \"But one day, there was an emergency at the northwest part of Seattle. There was a fire at a factory. We head over there to rescue as many civilians as we can. I went inside the burning building and I saw someone trapped under a fallen machine.\" Nolan and Francisca nod their heads as they quietly listen to his story. \"But as I tried to carry the machine up, suddenly, some debris from the ceiling fell on top of me. I wasn't looking for myself. The debris fell onto his leg. I screamed in pain as I was helplessly trapped under it. But fortunately for me, two other friends of mine found and they help pull both me and civilian out. I was saved, but my leg was broken. I was hospitalized for 2 months and it cost a lot of money, as much as my wife's medication. And I went I recovered, I went back to the fire department but you know what the chief and my friends said to me? They said I'm done. With my recent leg injury, I'm not fit enough to continue being a firefighter anymore. What they said to me ripped my heart. I'm jobless now and I can't continue making money for my family anymore.\" \"Why didn't you look for another job?\" Nolan asked. \"Because being a firefighter is all I can do! I dropped out of college. I don't know anything else. I only became a firefighter in the first place because it's all I can do!\" Richard cried. \"What happened after you got kicked out?\" Francisca asked. \"I…I started taking alcohol. I went to a local bar and try to cheer myself up by drinking something.\" Richard replied. Nolan shook his head. \"As soon as I drink it, I got addicted. I started drinking more and more until…when I got back home, I saw my son…at the dining table…doing his homework.\" Richard became somber as he remembers what he did. \"I got angry…thinking how more successful my son is now and…\" He lowers his head in guilt. \"I started beating the hell out of him.\" \"And that was how your abusive behavior towards your son began.\" Francisca said, grasping her hands together and place them on the desk. Richard nods his head in response. \"When was your last fight with Andrew?\" Nolan asked. Richard looks up at Nolan. \"About a week ago.\" \"You mean this?\" Nolan takes out his tablet and plays a video. He shows it to Richard, who widens his eyes and gapes his mouth open. He recognizes what's going on in the video. It was when Richard brought Andrew to the basement and gave him a scolding after discovering that his son recently went to a party. But looking back now, it wasn't a scolding; it was just an excuse for him to let out his frustrations some more after receiving a letter from the hospital that his wife has very little time left before she dies. He watched the video in horror. How he accused his son for 'being selfish' and spending his money away at a party. His son called him an idiot for saying that you require money to attend high school (which looking back now, he truly is an idiot for just lying around in his home, doing absolutely nothing to help his family.), causing him to get up and slaps his son to the ground. Richard closes his eyes and breathes uneasily as the video footage of him doing so gave shivers down his spine. He reopens his eyes and continues watching and he sees Andrew pushing him to the wall, carrying him up in the air and choking him as he tightens his grip around his neck. \"Stop it!\" Richard pleaded to his son in the video. \"CRUSH YOU!\" Andrew yelled. Richard could remember he was giving him a glare so cold and bloodthirsty that it actually terrified him, something he hasn't felt in a long time. Andrew then tosses his father to the floor, sending him sprawling and landing on his back. He helplessly moans in pain as Andrew walks over to him, breathing heavily. He turns his head and realizes that his camera has been recording the whole thing. Nolan puts away his tablet after the video finished. \"Where did you get this?\" Richard asked, looking dumbfounded. \"Your son's camera recorded it.\" Nolan replied. \"His cousin Matt presented to us his camera and all of the evidence of you abusing your son is present inside it.\" \"His camera? I thought I turned it off after watching his party footage.\" Richard said. \"Back then, did you realize how strong your son has become?\" Francisca asked. \"Yes. I was shocked that he could now fight back and nearly choke me to death. But I didn't think he became strong because he had powers.\" \"And it seems you never learnt your lesson after that ordeal because later when your son got hospitalized, the security camera in his ward clearly recorded you attempting to assault your son.\" Richard turns to Nolan with a somber expression. \"I didn't mean to. And I didn't know there was a camera at his ward.\" Richard turns his head away for a moment to slap himself in the forehead with his left hand. After a few moments, he turns back to the inspectors. \"It's just that yesterday, my wife passed away on her bed.\" \"Where were you when she died?\" Nolan asked. Richard plants his face on the desk. \"I…I was at the bar…drinking.\" \"But according to the footage from the security camera and Andrew's camera, you said you were out looking for him.\" \"I lied! I wasn't looking for Andrew. I was busy at the bar drinking. I lied like the lying scumbag I was!\" Richard bawled unhappily as he slams his left fist onto the back of his head. After a few minutes of sobbing on the desk, he looks back up at them and wipes off his tears. \"When I came home, I went to my room to see my wife lying motionlessly on the bed. I go over to her and realize she's dead. I was heartbroken. The woman whom I loved for more than 20 years is dead. But I was too stubborn. I didn't want to blame myself for her death. I didn't want to believe that it's because of me, I didn't find a new job or stop spending my money on her medication, that my wife is dead. So I instead blame Andrew.\" Francisca narrows her eyes at Richard and shakes her head. Any empathy that she had for Richard is now gone. \"So not only you stop buying medication for your wife because she's a burden to her, you blame your son for her death, something which it clearly isn't his fault and was completely out of his control. You really are a selfish prick.\" \"And then your little temper tantrum at the hospital triggered Andrew into an uncontrollable rage.\" Nolan folds his arms and leans back on his chair. \"Can you give us in detail what happened back then?\" Richard turns his head away for a moment. \"Well…I…\" Last Night... \"YOUR MOTHER IS DEAD AND IT'S YOUR FAULT!\" As soon as Richard threw his arm at Andrew's face accusingly, his son instantly shot his eyes open and grabs his arm. He gave his father a malicious glare before the wall behind Richard exploded and the entire ward is covered in smoke. The explosion causes Richard to release his son's arm and fall onto the floor like a sack of bricks. He coughs as smoke consumed the room. He tries to open his eyes but he couldn't see a thing. Then suddenly, he felt the back of his shirt being grabbed and he finds himself being carried in the air. Richard yells in horror as he is then flung across the room and slams onto the wall face first, hitting it with a momentum of a cannonball. He tumbled onto the floor and he lets out a moan of pain. He turns around and he finally opens his eyes as the smoke is clearing away. He widens his eyes in horror as he comes face-to-face to the person responsible for his ongoing pain. It was his son. And to his surprise, he was levitating and giving him a malicious glare with his fingers crooked. Richard turns his head to the door as the people behind it are knocking and slamming against it. \"What's going on in there?!\" The cop yelled from behind the door. Richard turns back to his son and watches him aiming his left hand at the fallen chair on the floor. He lifts the chair up with his telekinesis and places it in front of the door and under its doorknob, preventing the cops from coming in. Suddenly, Andrew lunges towards his father and grabs him by his throat. As he lifts him up in the air, his grip around his neck tightens and Richard struggles for air. \"Please…let me…\" Richard tried to plead. But Andrew completely ignores him. He is so livid right now that he cannot calm down or listen to anyone for a second. How dare his father had the gall to blame him for his mother's death. How he dare he had the gall to lie that he is always there for mother when in reality, he's always spending his money on alcohol instead of her medication and most of time, going to the bar instead of staying at home taking care of her. His father is nothing but a goddamn hypocritical lying bastard and he deserves absolutely no mercy. None of it at all. Richard helplessly watches his son turns his head away and moves his camera towards his face. \"As a predator, you show no guilt…and you show no mercy. Especially to people…WHO TREAT YOU LIKE SHIT!\" Suddenly, Andrew pushes Richard hard against the wall. \"GAGGGHHHH!\" Richard cried and Andrew repeatedly slams his father's back against the wall. He grins like a ghoul as he watches his abusive father in extreme pain. He's extremely happy that he is finally getting his revenge. After all the years of getting such violent abuse and false blame from his so-called father, he truly deserves it and no one can blame him. After a minute of violent beating, Andrew tosses Richard to the floor. He groans pathetically as he slowly gets up and onto his knees. \"You're so pathetic Richard. You demanded me to get on my knees…and guess who ends up doing that.\" Andrew said, slowly levitating over to him. He smirks as he sees the extra humiliation bestow on his father right now. Richard looks up at his son in horror. The tremendous beating that Andrew gave me has completely dissipate his rage and anger. No longer was he angry, now he's afraid. He's afraid that his son is going to kill him. He closes his eyes and did something...something that he has never done to his family for a long time. \"I'm sorry!\" Richard lifts his hand up. This causes Andrew to stop and his smirk disappears. \"I'm so sorry Andrew! For everything I ever did to you!\" He starts sobbing and tears uncontrollably flows down his cheeks. \"I'm sorry for beating you every single day of your life and falsely blaming you for every problem that is actually my own fault! It's just that…when I lost my job, I was so humiliated, so embarrassed. I felt like a god damn failure to you and your mom! So I started drinking, thinking that I can free myself from all the pain and humiliation I had. But now I realize…I wasn't freeing myself from anything. Your mother's death isn't your fault. I'm sorry that I blamed you and I promise I'll become a better father! Just please…\" Richard suppresses a sob. \"Don't hurt me anymore…\" Andrew remains silent for a moment, making Richard think that he has calmed his son down. But to his horror, Andrew looks back up and gave him an icy glare. \"It's too late Richard. It's too late for you.\" Suddenly, Andrew flies over to Richard and grabs him by his right leg. He flies out of the giant hole which the explosion created along with his father and flies above the hospital. He didn't care about the people below the building who are watching the display in horror. All he cared about is wanting his father to die a horrible death. \"PLEASE ANDREW! YOU GOTTA PUT ME DOWN!\" Richard begged for his life. \"YOU DID THIS TO ME!\" Andrew shouted back to him. \"PLEASE STOP! HELP ME!\" \"YOU DID THIS TO ME, YOU SACK OF SHIT!\" Andrew releases his father, letting him helplessly plummet through the air while the witnesses below scream in horror. Suddenly, Richard felt someone grabbing him. He felt someone curling his arms around him and safely bringing down to the road below. He turns his head to see it was actually his nephew Matt who saved his life. The civilians move away from them as Matt and Richard safely land on the road. \"Matt!\" Casey cried. \"Matt?\" Richard gasped. \"Great job pissing your son off, asshole.\" Matt angrily said before pushing him and sends Richard landing on the road like a pile of bricks. \"And that was the last time I saw Andrew. After Matt saved me, I got up and took a taxi home.\" Richard said. \"You went home and do what?\" Nolan asked, shrugging his shoulders. \"I went home and apologize to my wife. Apologize to her that I failed as a father and that I failed to control Andrew. And then suddenly, Matt showed up at my house.\" Richard sobbed uncontrollably as he kneels at the side of his bed where Karen's dead, motionless body still lays. His face is planted on the blanket and his tears splashed onto it. \"I'm sorry Karen…I'm sorry…I'm so sorry.\" He managed to say between sobs. Then, the door opens. Richard felt the back of his shirt being grabbed and he was dragged out of the room. He then finds himself being tossed against the wall. He looks up and sees Matt closing the door behind him. Matt angrily yells as he grabs his uncle by his collar, carries him up and pins him against the wall. \"Please! Don't hurt me! I beg of you!\" Richard pleaded desperately. \"I won't hurt you. But you disgust me!\" Matt said. \"I know everything. Everything you did to Andrew! It's your fault that he became a monster! He did all those horrible things tonight because of you!\" \"I know and I'm sorry! It's all my fault…but please don't kill me!\" Matt narrows his eyes and shook his head. \"No. I won't kill you. Instead, I'm bringing you to a place far more painful than death.\" \"And then he brought me here and…that's how I ended up here.\" Richard finished his story. Nolan and Francisca turn to each other and they both sigh. The two turn back to Richard and Nolan spoke, \"Andrew may have hurt an innocent student and damaged downtown Seattle, but you on the other hand did something far worse than his crime. And that is neglect. Complete neglect to your family and reality. You refused to find a new job, you falsely blame and physically abuse your child, you stop buying medication for your wife out of selfishness, and inevitably, you created a monster. You are not fit to be a father and you're a disgrace to men.\" Richard plants his face on the desk and sobs again. \"I'm sorry Karen…I'm sorry Andrew…\" Nolan gets up from his chair and opens the door. Two police officers then entered the interrogation room and go over to Richard. They unlock the cuff attached to his chair and they carried him up. Richard wails in despair as the police officers escort him out of the room while Nolan and Francisca silently watch with absolute no sympathy for him. One of the officers then closes the door behind them as they leave. Nolan turns to Francisca and smiles at her. \"You alright?\" He asked. \"Yeah.\" Francisca smiles back at him. Nolan turns away from her and sighs. \"Even the most violent man will eventually break.\" Francisca nods her head in agreement before she looks under the table and turns off the recorder. THE END ","Summary":" Sovereign64: To everyone who is still following, are you surprised? So am I. I know it's been a LOO"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"For Steven","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11811809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is just after midnight and the stars refuse to shine. The moon glints through the clouds, allowing dull streams of light to project onto his worn face. He hovers above the ground, a few feet high, debating on whether or not to continue. There is an anxious feeling crawling up his throat and he feels as if he is committing a crime. With criminal guilt swallowed by tattered sorrow, he follows through with the inevitable. The unsteady sound of his heartbeat thumping in his ears is the only thing he can hear behind the bass drop of desolation. Andrew Detmer landed cautiously onto loose soil, feeling the ground give below him as if threatening to cave. It rained not long ago, the surface is damp beneath him, squelching with the impact of his trainers. He is tense, his gaze scanning regretfully over the plot in front of him. There is a grave, one graced with wilting flowers and soaked letters, ink smeared from the rain; it wished away the despair written in haste not long ago. He can feel the tears welling up in his eyes, blurring his vision away from the sight. But he doesn't dare cry, he doesn't have the right. There is a tightening in his throat, anxiety is unraveling in his stomach, sending prickling spikes of fear throughout his body. He breaks out in a cold sweat, swallowing back the itch that scratches the back of his throat uncomfortably. He is surrounded by buried remorse, it seems to be under his clothes, beneath his feet. Andrew wants to apologize. He wants to break down and pour his heart out to the boy who had it in the first place. He wishes there is a way to explain, to give an explanation to something horrendous; but there is nothing to say. Apologies are for broken plates on your kitchen floor, not for accidentally murdering your best friend. He wants the grave below him to belong to someone else, he wants to believe in lies, he wants to be dreaming. The cemetery is lugubriously dark around him, but even his greatest fears cannot surmount to the gloom he felt. The sky above him grumbles, signaling the return of rain. He shoves his trembling hands in his pockets and takes deep, controlled breaths as if to stop the tears from falling. He is not the one who should be crying. There is a ringing in his ears, filling his head with jumbled melodies of what once is. It is a deafening sound, one that pulls him forward and shoves him onto his knees, his fingers are splayed against the dirt as he gasps for air. The composure he thought he had shattered, falling into pieces below him. He draws in a choked breath, the rain pouring onto his quivering form as he succumbed to the sickness. The clothes he has on are soaked from the rain, sticking to his skin uncomfortably. ''I was afraid that night,'' he wept out, fingernails now digging into the earth, ''I thought all the time we had spent together was a joke to you.'' Andrew shook his head, knowing that this conversation is one-sided and useless in the face of everything that he had done. He struggles to breathe, his lungs feel restrained and limited as he heaves for air. There is a long pause, the words settling around him as he stares at the tombstone, barely breathing, the white marble is a stark backdrop to the drooping petals of the flowers, even in the vast, endless night they are pretty. It is strange to find beauty in something so gruesome. He is at a loss for words, his tongue feels heavy in his mouth and his throat is sore with the exertion of holding back sobs. It is a ponderous weight on his shoulders to realize that it would never be the time for repention; sinners do not deserve ease, he knows. The act of praying to God is passed his will, it is too late and too much for someone like him. Andrew looks hard at the grave in front of him, taking in the engraved letters and numbers, those that marked a short life and a death sentence given unfairly. He thinks back to the days in which Steve is alive and thriving. They would spend hours together on his bedroom floor, speaking about nothing in particular, even as time rolled on without them; they would still be bubbling with laughter in the late hours of the night. The world around him goes silent as the rain dies off, he feels drowsy in the aftermath of his internal affair. Beneath his anger and guilt, there is something that lies solely in the pits of his emotions. Sadness. It is different from his other feelings, it does not move. It sleeps in the small of his stomach, sending wavering drones of remorse through his body. It seems to echo in his head, the realization that his best friend is gone makes him nauseous and lightheaded. Not all of us have the chance to say goodbye. Andrew pulls himself up from the soaked ground and wiped his muddy hands on his blue jeans. He ignores the numbness taking over his body and the way it draws him in, offering him an unfeeling mind. He pushes off of the ground, his body rising into the air with ease. He is levitating, his body surrendering to the dizzying feeling of power thrumming in his veins. He looks down upon the grave, wondering what life would be life if Steve were still alive. Andrew considers the night that he and Steve tried to determine their own futures. As if random guesses could create a solid bridge to cross, as if hope could save a life. '' What do you think life will be like after high school?'' Steve asks, breaking the settled silence around them. Andrew shrugs, but the thought makes his gut wrench. He knows Steve's life will be promising, full of college parties and long, interesting classes with like-minded people. It is bothersome to even think of his own future. He wonders if he'll survive long enough to make it to graduation, if he'll make it past his teenage years without getting himself killed. Self-loathing comes easily to him. He is almost pacified by someone else's future in that moment, with nothing to hope for, Steve is the most promising thing he'll ever know of. '' I know you'll have a great one,'' he tells him, his voice trembling involuntarily. He cringes, drawing his eyebrows together and squeezing his eyes shut in scorn of himself. Beside him, planted on a squeaky swing, Steve laughs. It surprises him considerably, causing him to flinch away from the grumbling sound. ''You mean, we'll have a great one?'' '' We will?'' Andrew questions, eyebrows now raised high in confusion. '' We will.'' The other boy confirms, grinning at him in such a way that is so heartbreakingly sincere that Andrew smiles back. The fluttering returns, uncaging thousands of butterflies in his stomach; the world around them is bland compared to Steve's smile. Andrew frowns at the memory and with a growing sense of grief, his stomach lurches violently, dropping his body from the air onto the soggy ground. He is met with a dull ache, it is slow and agonizing as it climbs up his left side; the pain becoming worse and worse with his incessant movement. He whines, curling in on himself. It hurt to move, to breathe. Why now? Why would this happen? Why did Steve have to die and leave him behind? How could he have been so stupid? There is mud coating his skin, marring his pale complexion as he rocks back and forth in the dirt, desperately trying to calm his fretting anxiety. It builds in his chest, the urge to cry overflows from within. Andrew sobs uncontrollably, unable to call for help and sickened with remorse. He has nothing to return home for and no one to wait for him anymore. He exists within his own whim, forgetting familiar faces as he fades in and out of reality. He has spent days wondering when it would finally be over for him. He has fantasized about the day the depression would end and the light would capture him in an endless photograph. A wish for death is not something you can openly plead for. He chokes backs his tears, his throat is sore and his nose is running, but he has to say it. He should have said it when Steve was alive when he was able to know that Andrew meant it. Those words hadn't left his mouth in years. He had watched his mother die and wouldn't dare tell her because he knew that she understood. The utterance of those words made it all too real, but now, collapsed in front of his best friend's grave, those words do not seem like too much. Steve Montgomery had a quick mind and a large heart. He was compassionate in ways that Andrew had never seen, always giving. The thought ripped a particularly loud sob out of him, he struggles to stay in control. ''I love you,'' he croaks, voice strangled and weak. The sun peeks over the horizon, allowing bright rays of light to wash the darkness away from the cemetery. It filters through the trees that loom over the fences and glints on Andrew Detmer's face. With reddened cheeks and watery eyes, he smiles. I think I'll miss you forever like the stars miss the sun in the morning skies. ","Summary":" It is just after midnight and the stars refuse to shine. The moon glints through the clouds, allowi"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Shall we?","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11858429","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It was early Monday morning, the sun was rising over the horizon and the air was crisp, threatening to nip at Andrew Detmer's exposed skin. He was waiting at the bus stop, mourning the forgotten jacket he had left at home as he shifted from foot to foot in discomfort. He was dressed in a black cotton shirt, it was stark against his pale skin but did nothing for the chill that crawled up his spine. The wind drew shudders from his body, his teeth chattering involuntarily as he sways. It was definitely not a good day. Andrew stood at this bus stop every single morning, his eyes half-lidded with sleep and his mouth drawn into an apathetic frown. He looked like any other teenager, with ruffled hair and bored features. He seemed to wafer in and out of reality, his body thrumming with suppressed energy that he desperately tried to keep contained. ''Do you ever listen to me?'' A voice questioned, deep and amused as it approached him. Steve Montgomery, of course. Andrew rolled his eyes, ''What are you doing here?'' ''Well, you refused my offer to ride to school with me, so I decided that maybe I'd ride to school with you.'' Andrew's cheeks colored slightly, ''You…?'' ''Yeah.'' Steve said, agreeing to nothing in particular. The wind whirled past them and Andrew trembled as the cold enveloped him. He glanced away from Steve, unable to stand the amused expression on his face as he shivered. When he looked back, he found Steve shrugging off his letterman jacket. He swung it around Andrew's narrow shoulders, allowing him to slip his skinny arms into the sleeves. The jacket engulfed his thin frame, painting him an array of white and greens, matched with the rosy red blooming on his cheeks. ''You're cheesy, Steve.'' Andrew told him, trying to ignore the implication of wearing someone else's jacket. He remembered hearing the cheerleaders gush about it, how chivalrous it was to do so. Steve smiled at him, showing straight, white teeth as he did so. The school bus pulled him at that moment, and through the windows of the bus, you could see various teenagers looking especially bored. ''Shall we?'' Steve asked him, placing a strong hand on the other boy's back. ''We shall.'' Andrew replied, finding himself to be uncharacteristically smitten in this moment. And they walked towards the bus together. ","Summary":" It was early Monday morning, the sun was rising over the horizon and the air was crisp, threatening"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Turn The Page (maybe we'll find a brand new ending)","Author":"devon380black","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11351052","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Turn The Page (maybe we'll find a brand new ending) Day/Theme: July 1 - \"I sing, but not of love, for love is blind; but celebrate instead the muse of kindness.\" Series: Chronicle Character/Pairing: Steve Montgomery, Steve Montgomery/Andrew Detmer Rating: G I sing, but not of love, for love is blind; but celebrate instead the muse of kindness. Click. \"Hey Andrew!\" Steve waves at the camera. A nervous smile plays on his lips. He's ducking his head and looking to the side, trying to hide his eyes as if Andrew is right in front of him. Steve takes a deep breath to compose himself and then turns back to the camera. He smiles confidently. \"Maybe you're wondering why you're watching this...\" \"Well, this is a gift.\" Steve blinks and shakes his head. \"No, not me.\" Steve laughs with a hand to his chest and there it is again, the nervous smile on the corner of his lips. \"This camera is for you. Consider it a graduation gift. Now, don't worry about it. Don't overthink it. We have to use something for when we travel the world and I don't want anything to happen to your other camera.\" Steve pauses and looks off-camera. He stands up and reaches for something. It's a map and several sheets of paper. \"Did you know that Tibetans create elaborate sandpaintings which when they finish, they dismantle?\" Steve displays a sandpainting. He flips it back to himself, his fingers tracing the pattern of the mandala over and over. \"You think we could make one too?\" He rakes his hair in thought. Steve looks up at the camera. A soft smile slowly appears on his face. \"Looking forward to Tibet and the whole world. Woooh!\" He's laughing at the end. He can't help it, he's excited to spend time with his two best friends. Steve reaches to turn the camera off when- \"AAAAAAAH!\" Pain. Pain. Like his ribs are being broken and his skull is contracting on his brain. Screams overwhelm him and somehow he hears a voice through the discord. He hears Andrew screaming and feels the trickle of blood from his nose. Something's wrong. Andrew's in pain. Steve stands up, the camera forgotten. \"I'm coming, Andrew.\" ","Summary":" Title: Turn The Page (maybe we'll find a brand new ending) Day/Theme: July 1 - \"I sing, but not of"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Baby, don't go","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11887838","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The sun was setting in Steve Montgomery's quiet, suburban neighborhood. The sky was a pale purple, blending into the soft pinks and blues that slipped into the approaching darkness. ''Oh, it's getting late,'' Andrew said, leaning over Steve's desk as he peered out of the window with a frown adorning his face. The shirt he wore hung loosely off his back, the sleeves were pushed up to his elbows, and the hem of it stopped just past his thighs. Steve crept up behind him, pressing his lean body against Andrew's back. ''Are you staying over again?'' he asked, his voice velvety and warm as it left his lips. Andrew relaxed against him, sighing softly into the open air. ''Why would I ever want to leave?'' Steve's left hand trailed down his thin body before it began to prod Andrew's stomach. Andrew curled into himself, but Steve's fingers were relentless. Andrew was giggling incessantly, out of breath and desperately trying to remove himself from Steve's steady hold on him. He squirmed, wriggling as the other boy continued to tickle him without mercy. ''Still wanna stay?'' Steve asked through his own snickering, happy to hear the bubbly sound of Andrew's laughter. ''You're worst person I've ever met!'' Andrew exclaimed, panting. He grabbed Steve's hand with both of his own, holding it down so it couldn't trouble him any longer. ''I think you love me, actually.'' Steve mused, ducking down to plant a quick kiss on Andrew's neck. Andrew sulked, rolling his blue eyes rather aggressively, but there seemed to be a reddish tint blooming on his freckled cheeks. He tried to remove himself from Steve's affectionate grasp, but the taller boy wouldn't budge. ''Say you'll stay?'' Steve pushed, though his voice was soft and breathy in Andrew's ear. There was another dramatic sigh from Andrew, ''You were just trying to scare me off and now you're asking me to stay?'' ''What can I say? You really got a hold on me, Detmer.'' Steve teased while the grin he wore was apparent in his voice. Andrew turned around to face him, they were almost pressed chest-to-chest and it was startling in a way, how they always seemed to end up so close together, intentionally or not. The smaller boy huffed, ''You're ridiculous.'' Steve raised his eyebrows, but the amused expression on his face never faltered. ''Too ridiculous for you to come back to bed with me?'' Andrew's cheeks turned positively red, ''Stop doing that!'' ''Stop doing what?'' Steve asked, forging innocence with a childlike grin. Andrew looked away, trying to prevent Steve from seeing the sweetened smile on his face. Steve pressed Andrew into the desk, they were so close it was painful. Andrew's loose resolve crumbled as he met Steve's eyes, they seemed to burn with sincerity and vehemence. Steve leaned forward, pressing his lips against Andrew's with immense care. The kiss was consuming, adrenalizing as their lips met and parted, always drawing each other back. They moved against each other in heated excitement, both aware of the quick arousal that bloomed between them in a frenzy of fervid need. Andrew's kisses were always hesitant but answered reassuringly by Steve's confidence motion. The worked in unexplainable ways, even when they didn't. Andrew's uncertainty sobered Steve's thrill-seeking need and Steve's bravery consoled Andrew's worry. A broken noise escaped Andrew's mouth as Steve's hands slipped up the borrowed shirt he wore. The urgent need to breathe was almost forgotten when Steve's cold fingers met his warm skin. The door to Steve's bedroom opened, and they were met by Steve's mother. She wore a surprised expression, her eyebrows drawn high and her mouth agape. A startled laugh escaped her lips, and she put her hands up in mock surrender. Andrew and Steve untangled, both slightly embarrassed to be caught. Andrew tugged Steve's old shirt farther down his thighs, and Steve was bent at a rather uncomfortable angle to hide his erection. They were both gasping, out of breath and startled. ''I'll make sure to knock next time, boys!'' she said, the laughter in her voice was hard to hide. She shut the door quickly, but outside, in the hall, her muffled simpering could be heard. ","Summary":" The sun was setting in Steve Montgomery's quiet, suburban neighborhood. The sky was a pale purple, "},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Potentials","Author":"KingOfThrones","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11386389","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"...As you all know it's only been a year since a meteors shower hit the earth. One landed in a open field in Seattle, another on the Manhattan Bridge in New York, and one crashed through a school in London. These were just a few places we know where the mysterious meteors landed. Six months later two boys with the abilities to nearly destroyed Seattle took a lot of innocent lives in their battle until one of them died and the other escaped. It is unknown how this rock contained this power to turn regular mortals like ourselves into superhuman beings like the ones we read in comic books, dressed up as on Halloween, or just watched on t.v. But we know one thing. That this is a sigh. A sigh that shows us we need to evolve. We need to survive. Seeing Seattle's outcome was just a warning to show us what is destine to come in the future because we may not be the dominant species anymore, we may not be the only ones out there after all. Time changes, life goes on, and soon the weak become extinct. As many as you know my name is Patrick Shepard, a world famous businessman but also is known for his discoveries in the science world. Many people come up here to say they've got a an idea that can change the future. But I'm not one of those people. I am fixed on the past if we look at our mistakes in the past we can create a future. A future where we are the ones standing at the top. And I will assure you, what happened in Seattle will not happen again. Thank you and have a nice day.\" ","Summary":" \"...As you all know it's only been a year since a meteors shower hit the earth. One landed in a op"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Meaningless Words","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11883558","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It is immensely hard to put my words down. I sometimes feel as if my brain only produces words when I am not paying attention. When I come back to myself and I meet other people, my words are caught in my throat. I swallow syllables and vowels, hoping they'll fall into place when they come back up in a flurry of soft-spoken speech. I have been told that I am gentle. My body is like glass, transparent and reflective in the smallest of ways, they look for me and only find themselves. I am a mirror maze of contradiction, I will always be in the dark and you will never find me. I will run off into the tangled trees you were always afraid of and I will bury myself beneath the meadows of flowers. There is nothing poetic about the destruction of a human being. We are all looking for simple comfort, small dreams, better places but when you believe in the future, you do not venture out to find those things. You sit quietly and dream of them, hoping they will appear the day after tomorrow. Next month. Two years from now. Someday. We are all stuck within ourselves, afraid to unleash the beauty that is buried inside. I fear that others will find my words and destroy them, I worry that their fingers will wrap around my verses and dig their fingernails into my voice. I worry that I will never speak again, I will be at the mercy of someone who can't understand that my words are closer to oddball lottery winnings than human empathy. I pretend that I am not in love with you. You threaten to outshine me, you cast a shadow over my stumbling form and I almost break character. You think of me as someone different, but I know who I am. I will always be false alarms and you will always be the person who rescues me from myself. You are brown skin and dark eyes and warm smiles. You are the only person who will not allow me to fall back into my fantasy, you are pulling me from storybook imagination; you are lying to me, but I swallow your words like I do my own. No one ever taught me how to love. I've read all the books and studied all the poems, but it has never clicked in my mind. Intimacy is foreign for me but natural to you. We all grow up differently. You lived normally, with homemade bubble mix and bedtime stories. I slept with the light on because I was afraid the darkness would swallow my screams. I ran off to made up lands, those that hold foggy mountains and miles upon miles of starry skies. I think of old houses when it rains, how it pours onto fragile glass windows and drips off onto the dead grass that September brings. I remember myself when I see the ocean, how it crashes and retreats; I imagine myself being swept beneath the waves and finding another world, one with vibrant fish and tall, flooded castles where I look into slurred mirrors and see serenity. I think of warm houses that are lit up by televisions and candles. I imagine myself in a balmy bedroom with my body covered up to my neck in chilly covers, fast asleep with the radio humming 20s tunes until the sun rises. I am constantly running away from the presence. But you, with your derivational insecurities, are stable. I think of kissing you in the dark when my body is melting into the mattress and your hands are roaming my body. I think of the moonlight creeping into the room, I think of your laugh, I think of your teasing words and I swallow back my panic. I am starting to think that you are becoming another fantasy. I have never been one for the present, but even those who live in the current time make their way into my dreams. You cannot invade my daydreams any longer, you do not belong in my heart. You should be somewhere cold with someone hot. You will drink expensive liquor and get high off of someone else's lips. You will slide your old hoodie over your head and grin at them. You will not think of me, but I will be there. I will be the forgotten glasses kicked under your bed frame, I will be the words you used to dismiss me, I will be the subtle crack in your lover's voice. Words are used carelessly because nobody cares to think of the meaning. You believe you understand, but you do not. You told me you loved me once, you were falling asleep, your voice was low and raspy over the phone, and I wondered if you meant it. I still do. How do I make the words meaningless? ","Summary":" It is immensely hard to put my words down. I sometimes feel as if my brain only produces words when"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Wait For Me","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11905103","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Andrew Detmer sat placidly at the end of his bed, flipping through an old magazine that he had borrowed from his mother. The waxy pages were full of bold letters and colorful images, but Andrew had never felt more dull. The sun outside was setting, allowing cloudy cascades of pale colors to dance across the darkening sky. Tonight, the entire student body was drinking spiked punch in the high school auditorium and he was reading an article about toxins in facial cleansers; it wasn't the most exciting way to spend a Friday night, but it was good enough. Truthfully, Andrew had not been invited by anyone to attend the dance. He was aware that it was somewhat his position to ask someone else, but he couldn't bring himself to do it. The fear of being shot down smothered the urge to stay up late and dance with people he didn't know well. Instead, he had watched Matt ask Casey to the dance in a very loud and abrupt way. Matt had attempted to quote Shakespeare, but Casey had corrected him on his pronunciation of the word 'magnanimous' and patted him on the shoulder, though she accepted his invitation nonetheless. Andrew had brushed it off as a 'Matt thing' because he didn't believe anyone else could fail that badly and still succeed. And then there was Steve, who never said anything about the dance in terms of himself. The taller boy had shrugged his shoulders when Matt asked him nonchalantly who he was bringing, and then, it was dropped. Andrew, however, remained curious. He allowed himself to indulge, even when it hurt to picture Steve with someone else. The magazine flipped inwards, falling between his parted legs as he sighed in discontent. He spared a glance outside, where the sun was now barely visible below the horizon and the moody color painting the sky purple merged into black. It was almost comforting in the darkening expanse of his bedroom, where he remained in isolation. Andrew fell back on his bed and stared up at the white ceiling, drowsy and bothered by the thought of Steve holding someone else's hand. He closed his eyes and pictured Steve again, but this time, they were together, hidden in a dark alcove. In the fantasy, Steve was running his wet lips along Andrew's jaw, and his body was drawn taut in anticipation, swept up in the thought of being loved unconditionally. Suddenly, there were five sharp knocks on his bedroom door. It rattled the lock out of place, and Andrew held his breath, awaiting the intrusion of Robert Detmer's violent words. ''Andrew, some damn kid is at the door for you- you're lucky I didn't tell him to fuck off,'' the man growled, his raspy voice cracking from months of constant alcohol intake. Andrew got up as fast as possible to reach his father, he opened the door and found Robert Detmer's nasty scowl pointed at him. ''Who is it?'' he asked, eyebrows drawn together in confusion. Robert squinted, ''Does it look like I'd know any of your fucking friends, Andrew?'' Andrew flinched but felt there was no time to wallow in the harsh words of his father. He slipped past the older man, holding his breath to prevent the intrusive smell of alcohol from clouding his senses. He ignored Robert behind him as he took the stairs two by two, anxious to meet his visitor. He wrapped his fingers around the doorknob and hesitantly twisted it open, revealing the quizzical face of Steve Montgomery. He opened his mouth to speak but closed it almost immediately. ''It didn't feel right to be there without you,'' Steve said quickly as if he were defending himself. He looked nervous, with his tie undone and his suit jacket unbuttoned and fanned open. Both of his hands were shoved in his pockets, and even now, when he looked ruffled up and disorderly, Andrew found him alluring. ''What about Samantha? All your friends?'' Andrew couldn't wrap his head around it, his own limbs felt foreign to him as he stood on his front porch with a dumbstruck expression on his face. Steve shook his head, ''They were all drunk out of their minds, I think everyone was, even the principle.'' ''What about Matt? Couldn't you have spoken to him?'' Andrew pressed, unable to accept Steve's strange excuse. There was something soft bubbling up in his chest, it was beckoned by Steve's intent gaze and the musky smell of his cologne. ''Matt was busy sucking Casey's face off,'' Steve replied humorously, shrugging his broad shoulders in dismissal of the subject. ''Can I come inside or are you too busy wall-gazing to hang out?'' Andrew huffed but allowed Steve to slip past him and into the house anyways. The other boy didn't bother to inspect Andrew's house, he was uncaring as he climbed the stairs and stepped over the clunky toolbox collecting dust at the beginning of the hall. Before Steve could make it to the battered-looking door at the end of the hall, Andrew had slipped in front of him and sprinted towards it, quickly entering the room to kick the glossy magazine under his bed. Steve approached the entrance of the room cautiously, ''What was that about?'' Andrew merely laughed awkwardly in return, gesturing for the other boy to sit down. Steve looked out of place against the clashing backdrop of tattered band posters and drawings stapled to the wall. ''So, what did the dance look like?'' Andrew asked in a way he hoped was composed. ''There were a lot of party streamers and people yelling. They didn't even play one slow song, I have no idea why any of us got dressed up for that.'' Steve toyed with his jacket sleeve as he recalled the event. ''No slow songs?'' Andrew questioned, propping himself against his computer desk. ''Yeah, uh, there weren't any at all. I really wanted to show off my slow dancing skills, but I had no luck there.'' For a moment, Andrew thought Steve was joking but found Steve's words to be true from the sober expression on his face. ''I don't know how to slow dance,'' Andrew said absentmindedly, staring at discarded blue jeans on his bedroom floor. Steve seemed to be up and across the room to him before he had the chance to look up. ''I could teach you!'' he exclaimed, his face lit up by the light glinting into the window, painting a soft, yellow glow onto his dark skin. Andrew was startled by the sudden closeness but was quick to decline. ''I don't think that'd be a good idea, I have two left feet and there's n-no need for me to know how anyways, y-yeah, yeah.'' he was stumbling over his words, his tongue clambered in his mouth and caused a rosy tinge to bloom on his cheeks. ''It's really easy, 'Drew, just let me show you.'' Steve insisted, certainly on a mission to keep Andrew constantly flustered. The other boy carefully nudged Andrew out of the way, before sitting in the desk chair and pulling up a tab on the computer. There was a buffering noise, and then suddenly, a soft voice slipped from Andrew's speakers and into the dim bedroom. Steve stood up again, pushing the chair away to face Andrew, who had a prominent frown on his freckled face. He embraced him, placing two large hands on his hips. ''Here, you put your arms around my neck,'' Steve instructed softly, a curious smile on his lips. There was a moment where Andrew hesitated, but he promptly wrapped his arms loosely around the other boy's neck. They were pressed tightly together, and Steve swayed them both to the melodic song drifting from the speakers. ''It's not so hard, you see?'' Steve whispered into his ear, sending delicate shivers down Andrew's spine. Andrew laid his head on Steve's shoulder, relishing in the feeling of being so close to the other boy. ''Wouldn't you rather do this with Samantha?'' he murmured, growing attached to the feel of Steve's body pressed against his own. ''No,'' Steve's voice was breathy as it left his mouth, ''I would have thought of you anyways.'' ''Do you think about me a lot?'' Andrew questioned, at ease with the dulcet music and the warmth of Steve's hands. ''All the time.'' And even as the music faded out, they kept dancing. Lonely rivers sigh, \"Wait for me, wait for me I'll be coming home, wait for me.'' ","Summary":" Andrew Detmer sat placidly at the end of his bed, flipping through an old magazine that he had borr"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Letter to Richard","Author":"Andrei Rian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12046801","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Summary:(Post-Chronicle) Karen's sister writes a letter to Ex-brother-in-law Richard after the Incident. Dear Detmer, I wish that this letter can give you the strength to move on after death of your wife,my sister Karen. But after seeing the footage of my nephew,Andrew suffering from the abuse from your hands,it changes my views of you as my brother in-law. I don't know where to start but i think it started when when you and I respectively received news that Karen was diagnosed with Stage IV Cancer either before or after you were forced to retired due to an on the job injury. I thought that you able to move on by finding another job to support her and your son. But it was revealed to me that you,unable to find work to care for her, turned alcoholism which in turn cause you vent all your frustration out on Andrew. I was shocked and horrified of what you did to him. Because of this,it was one of the reasons Andrew couldn't find happiness or peace,apart from being a bullied outcast in school. That change when Andrew,his cousin Matt Garetty,and Steve Montgomery found a strange underground rock that gave them the power of telekinesis the day after. They started small by blocking baseballs to pulling harmless prank. One day,when they driving,Andrew pushes a rude motorist off the road and into a river. The guy survives critically,sure Matt insists that they restrict the use of their powers, particularly against living things. When they discovered they can fly,I was shocked and happy for him flying. It's like he is free from . At Steve's encouragement,he enters in a school talent show, where is After the show, Andrew, Matt and Steve celebrate at a house party. After drinking with his classmate Monica, she and Andrew go upstairs to have sex, but he vomits on her, humiliating himself. He becomes increasingly withdrawn and aggressive, culminating when you attacks him and Andrew uses his powers to overwhelm you. His outburst is so extreme that it inflicts psychically connected nosebleeds on Steve and Matt. While Matt ignores the nosebleed, Steve flies up to Andrew in the middle of a storm and tries to console him. However, Andrew grows increasingly frustrated, and Steve is suddenly struck by a lightning bolt and killed. At Steve's funeral, Matt confronts Andrew about the suspicious circumstances of Steve's death. Andrew denies responsibility to Matt, but he privately begs for forgiveness at Steve's grave. Andrew grows distant from Matt and again finds himself ostracized at school. After being bullied, he uses his powers to tear teeth out of a bully's mouth. He begins to identify himself as an apex predator, rationalizing that he should not feel guilt for using his powers to hurt those weaker than himself. When my sister's condition deteriorates due to her medicine becoming expensive, Andrew uses his powers to steal money for her medicine. After mugging a local gang, he robs a gas station where he inadvertently causes an explosion that puts him in the hospital with significant burns, and under police investigation. At his bedside, you informs him that Karen has died, and you angrily blames him for her death. Just as you're about to strike him, Andrew awoken and the wall of his hospital room explodes. Matt was at his brother's birthday party, experiences a nosebleed and senses Andrew is in trouble. He and his girlfriend, Casey, go to the hospital, where Andrew is floating outside. He saved you when Andrew attempts to kill you, Matt confronts him at the Space Needle and tries to reason with him, but Andrew grows hostile and irrational due to the strained relationship between them. Andrew attacks Matt and the pair fight across the city, crashing through buildings and hurling vehicles. Enraged and fully insane, albeit heavily injured, Andrew uses his powers to destroy the buildings around him, threatening hundreds of lives. Unable to get through to Andrew and left with no other choice, He telekinetically impales Andrew with a spear from a nearby statue,possibly killing him. The police surrounded Matt, but he flies away to parts unknown. I was in LA for business when I got the call from my husband and the FBI explains everything to me. I was heartbroken when Karen and Andrew died but super pissed at you for doing nothing but drinking your life to hell while your family falls apart. Part of me wished you were dropped to hell but common sense gotten you in jail where you belong. I wasn't surprised when you were convicted for child abuse and given a life sentence. Had you not chosen to become the drunkard you became and started looking for jobs that you was still able to perform in spite of injuries that previously forced you to retire as a firefighter, as well as never abusing Andrew in the first place, it's much more likely that you and your family's life would have eventually improved and you would never have lost your wife and son. Whatever the case, you now has to live with the fact that you lost your wife and son. I hope in prison or your next life, you'll become a better person. Goodbye, , and Good Riddance. ","Summary":" Summary:(Post-Chronicle) Karen's sister writes a letter to Ex-brother-in-law Richard after the Inci"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Enough","Author":"Peachysuffocation","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11681298","Passage":"[Chapter 1] (Written in the perspective of Andrew Detmer.) It was midnight, the sun had gone down hours ago and I felt the darkness slipping up behind me, waiting to devour me whole. I had really no business being out this late, it was a school night and I had an exam tomorrow morning; but I was set on seeing him tonight. We had made plans weeks ago, so we could watch the stars without Matt going on and on about his theories on the night sky; he was no astronomer, and he definitely was not that good of a theorist, so it wasn't really worth the hassle of bringing him along. Matt was, thankfully, out of town for a week or two. He had a wedding to attend somewhere far off, around Whidbey Island or something like that. He told Steve and I that it was Casey's family who invited him, but wouldn't shut up about how 'important' it was for him to be included in these things, something about a big step in his and Casey's relationship? But I found it lame, and I had a slight feeling that Steve did too. That's who I was going to see now, Steve. We were meeting up at some abandoned tennis court outside of town, and I had a lot of walking to do to find the place. He was there when I arrived, leaning against a white fence that surrounded the tennis court itself. It was completely vacated, aside from Steve, a lone tennis racket, and I. He had a grin on his face, it was wide and friendly. ''Finally decided to join the party?'' he drawls, one side of his mouth still quirked up in amusement. I smile back at him, feeling lightheaded and silly because of it. ''It's not like I had anything better to do.'' Steve pushes off the fence, stuffing one large hand into his jacket pocket before walking over to me. We're standing so close together, I can smell his aftershave and his cologne. It smells like hazelnut and something fresh, I breathe in deeply and relish in something that is so very Steve. We never had a good reason for being this close, despite always being inches apart. It was like personal space was unneeded, or a game of who could get the closest without breaking boundaries. The silence settled around us, and we stared at each other with a lost longing. It was like this for seconds, minutes, hours maybe, before he spoke again. ''Do you know how to play Tennis?'' he asks, but there's something underlapping what he's saying. I can feel the darkness starting to sneak around us again, the fluorescent lighting from the lamp post above us did nothing to tone down the tension. ''I've never had a chance to learn.'' I tell him, but it's so quiet and I wonder if his heart stops beating like mine does. ''I could teach you sometime or another,'' he starts, eyes searching my face, ''but I think we have other things planned for tonight.'' The silence seems to turn into static, mixing in with my heart beat and his uneven breathing. ''Like what?'' The distance between us becomes nonexistent as he steps closer, his hand runs through my hair as he pulls me towards him. Our mouths collide seconds later, almost causing my knees to buckle under the surprise of it. Steve's lips move softly against my own, and I want to sigh with the pleasure of finally feeling his mouth against mine. Our chests are pressed together and I am suddenly unconcerned with the darkness I once feared. He slips his tongue into my mouth, and this time, I do sigh, allowing him further access. Steve's hands card through my hair, running down until one of his hands rest on the nape of my neck. I grip onto his jacket, it's soft to the touch, and I have to resist the urge to slide it off of his shoulders. He tasted like butterscotch and toothpaste, which wasn't exactly the best of combinations, but I couldn't get enough of it. It was indescribable, the way his lips fitted against my own, soft and hesitant, yet knowing. Steve's hand slips downwards until he's caressing my lower back with his fingers and sighing shakily into my mouth. I pull him flush against my own chest, desperate to get closer to him; maybe it was because I was freezing or maybe it was because I felt this was the only time in my life I'd ever want to kiss someone so badly, to touch someone so badly. And then it happened, his right hand slipped under my shirt and I gasped into our kiss, breaking us apart briefly to stare him. Steve grins at me, but I can still feel his fingers ghosting along the base of my spine. He looks at me as if he had found something worth keeping. And I wondered in that moment if maybe all of the stories my mother told me were true. I would never have a story good enough to compare to Steve Montgomery, but I would look for it until I had enough chapters to put myself to sleep at night. I shifted forward, pushing my hands inside of his jacket and around him, I held on tight, pressing my body into his. Steve was so warm, his cologne was stronger than before, but I closed my eyes and allowed myself to be as close as possible. I could hear his heart beating, thumping softly in his chest. He wrapped his arms around me, enclosing me in a feeling I didn't know existed. In that moment, I did not care about the lightning striking brightly in the clouds above us or the way the sky twisted and mixed, dark grey clouds enveloping starry skies until the threatening signs of a thunderstorm set in place. I shivered when the rain began to fall, it was cold and unkind as it poured, but it didn't matter. Nothing did compare to what was in front of me. We let go of each other, staring wide-eyed like deer in the headlights of an oncoming car. ''Is this something you want?'' he asks, and I almost begin to tremble with all the things that question held. We always did this, asked vague and concealed questions until we couldn't be subtle anymore - when friendship melted into something more. We stared at each other a little too long to be just friends, but not long enough to be something more. We were enough to kiss but weren't enough to be susceptible under Matt's roaming eyes. But in this moment, we were enough. Not too much. Not too little. Just enough. ''I think so,'' I say, feeling as if my own heart were somersaulting with anxiety and excitement. He looks at me as if I am the world and in that moment, I am alive. ","Summary":" (Written in the perspective of Andrew Detmer.) It was midnight, the sun had gone down hours ago and"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"An appeal to the girl with TK","Author":"Andrei Rian","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11646776","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A letter to a girl with telekinesis who threatens the whole student body at a high school, especially those who bullied her. This note is written by those who don't harass her but fears she will destroy them. [Appeal letter to Sylvania Rutherford from Anonymous. Posted 11-21-05 by anonymous] Dear Sylvania: This is an appeal for peace written by us on behalf of those who never harassed you, and who do not wish to bother you but fear you might want to harm or kill us. First thing: Apple and I never bullied or harassed you in any way, and we don't hold any hostile sentiment or grudge against you, and we would appreciate if you didn't hold a grudge against us or those we represent either. You are the first person we met who has TK, and it surprises us that people still harass you after seeing what you did to that MacGyver guy. We all saw you use your TK power and we know what you are capable of. We know you are not afraid to use your powers and that you won't hesitate to use them against your enemies, even for nonviolent but nonetheless intimidating purposes. Please know that not everyone at Hyland is against you, but we are all scared of you. A lot of students who have no ill will towards you came to us and ask that we write this appeal for peace and a mutual non-aggression agreement between us. This appeal represents several kids, some of whom are our friends, who are too scared to speak with you directly, out of fear that you will destroy them. We ask that you try to understand our position on this issue: The real fear among us is that you have the power to kill people with your mind, while the rest of us are unarmed, and unable to defend ourselves against such power. You can see the imbalance of power connected with your TK abilities. We know that in any situation, you wield that power over us like an unspoken threat, even if not intended. You can dictate what goes on in any relationship or situation, from class projects to friendships. Fear grips us when we are within close proximity to you. In addition, it is human nature to fear what we cannot understand. These fears arise because we don't know you personally, and your reputation would taint all relations and reputation you have among us. Often you appear angry, frustrated, or bitter, and that energy resonates out, triggering danger alarms and cautionary measures exercised by those who pass you or sit near you in class. We don't know your true intention, or the kind of sentiment you hold with everyone. We have therefore instinctively assumed that you view us in the same way you view your enemies, hence, for all we know, we have inherited the status as your enemies, something none of us is happy with. Our friend, Apple, is the only connection between us and you. She told us that you seek to make friends, and in doing so, restrained her until she agreed to not fear and avoid you. Unfortunately, there is a problem with this: even without TK, one cannot enforce any sort of relationship with another. If successful, Apple still fears you, and causes an unnecessary stress on her. She cannot see past her fear concerning your TK. Apple fears that you may be angry with her and punish her with your TK if she fails or refuses to comply with your desires. Theoretically, possible relation to anyone can be established on the grounds that you exercise no aggressive manner to trap or force your way with anyone. Please know that despite our fears, we appreciate what you have done for us. The school is safer from the thugs, gangsters and others who wish to prey upon us. They are well aware, as we, that bullying others for their entertainment is sufficient grounds for you to subject them to your telekinetic wrath at your own enjoyment. We would like to see this rift of fear be closed, not have to fear you every day. Opening for dialog could be possible under this proposed non-aggression agreement. Any one who harasses you is not represented in this appeal. We represent only those who share the same views and feelings and intentions. Please respond to this message. Signed, Anonymous . ","Summary":" A letter to a girl with telekinesis who threatens the whole student body at a high school, especial"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"The Kinetic Chronicles Impulse","Author":"XennareCraft","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11133957","Passage":"[Chapter 1] PROLOGUE \"Have you found the Astromite?\" The voice on the phone spoke angry and coarse, like the sound of rubber grinding roughly over gravel. \"Well yes, but…no,\" the well-dressed man on the other end of the phone replied, staring uneasily at the dark wall in his office. \"Not exactly. We were able to detect the asteroid near orbit, but…\" \"You don't know where it'll land yet, do you?\" the voice guesses, obviously agitated. \"Director, you know the value of this meteorite. If it falls into the wrong hands-\" \"I do recognize the costs, sir, but you've got to understand; this is just one rock among a billion in space – finding the right one is like finding a single needle in a hundred haystacks.\" \"Is that what you wish for me to tell the board?\" \"No. Simply remind the board that we've already found four of the lost meteorites,\" the man implies. \"I've put out a twenty-four hour obtainment crew, we've got hackers crawling the web, as well as an entire team of investigators scanning global satellites for its current location. It's just a matter of time before we find it.\" \" Time isn't on our side, director,\" the voice replied sharply. \"That Astromite is already too unstable, and you know just how difficult these cover-ups get, especially after its crash.\" \"I know better than anyone,\" the well-dressed man says, tapping his silver-capped pen on his desk. \"But we always make it through. And even if we don't get to it first…there's always Xennare Islands.\" There was a long pause from the other end, and then the voice on the phone answered darkly, \"Yes, there's always Xennare Islands.\" ","Summary":" PROLOGUE \"Have you found the Astromite?\" The voice on the phone spoke angry and coarse, like the "},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"A-project","Author":"NumberAnime","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11594051","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One I jumped down a flight of stairs rushing down the ally. Crap, I'm late again. the thought went through my head as I entered the big a populated streets of New York. \"Let me guess Hunter is not in position again\" said a voice in my earpiece. \"Shut up, Noah I am almost their\" I call back looking crazy talking to myself. \"Well hurry because their almost to them\" Noah called back as he slurped on something loud and sharp. I sked turning another corner, their it was. Finnlay's Orphanage for the lost. \"Finnlay, a funny last name\" Noah replied. \"Stick with the mission\" I said \"where's Danny?\" The Orphanage was just across the street. \"In my position\" Danny called back in my ear piece, his tone to me seemed calm and focused. Suddenly I slammed by back hard against the wall, \"Shit\" I called peaking around the corner seeing the men in black suits. The people who actually run the city of New York. \"What? What is it?\" Noah called in my ear. \"They beat us\" I go into a low whisper. I pull out my gun from my waist belt. People in the Northern Parts would scream their heads off if they saw a gun. But this was the Southern Part less people were hear people down hear have seen enough blood, guns, and violence. \"The E-Corps are hear\" I say seeing kids no younger then thirteen pour out in a line order. The Suits came with guns, they filed the kids one by one scanning them with Alternative Ray. That was the ray they used to determine who was a A-project, people with the ability of telekinesis each of us with a special kind. \"Noah find the kids so we can get out of here\" Danny orders. I scan the line of kids, a girl looked nervous she looked my age she had crisp glowing blond hair and beautiful blue sea eyes. She held tightly on to, I'm guessing, her little brothers hand. They both sweating breathing heavy and pushing pass the crowd of kids coming in my direction. \"Hunter, the E-Corps are sending enforcements to round up them up you need to recall back\" Danny said. \"I see the kids I'm moving in\" I say getting my gun prepped. \"Not a chance fall back now\" \"Hey, were are you going!\" Shouts one of The Suits, the kids froze paralyzed in fear. Two Black suits came with guns. Not a chance, I thought running out from cover and shooting. The Suits were part of E-Corp their suits were like armor to them, luckily I knew their weakness. I fired the first bullet making a head shot. Kid roared in screaming they ran in every direction. Another Black suit, it fired the bullet zips passed me. I shoot again the bullet hits him directly in his chest. The Suit didn't go down but the force of the bullet packed a punch. The Suit gave a creepy smile. I was ready to fire at him again, but a the sound of a gun firing caught me off guard another Suit. Suddenly, Pain covers my body.[Chapter 2] THANK YOU FOR EVERYTHING! You guys rock and please don't forget to favor and review. Thank you again for all the reviews and visitors who read my story. Don't for get to submit your comments. Chapter Two The bullet dropped with a clank sound. I open my eyes to see The Suit standing their froze in panic. The outline of my body was teal color I then knew what it was and why I wasn't dead. \"Your welcome, asshole\" Danny said in my ear. Danny's telekinesis was the ability to form telekinetic fields around a person, the were called Fielders. Suddenly The Suits' head explode when a high peerage bullet hit his head. \"You almost hit me!\" I shout. \"Shut up and get the kids out,\" Danny order \"enforcements will becoming soon\". With that said another shot was fired. I turn around to the girl who didn't look shaken up as the younger boy. \"We have to leave, now\" I say. The girl nodded softly and perfect and gen...\"Two minutes before enforcements come Hunter\" Noah shouts in my ear, I snap back to reality and grab the girls hand. I was blushing, sparks flew when we touched. \"Where are we going\" she seem to plead. \"Some where safe\" I replied not looking back at her. she slipped her hand out my grip I spin around. \"I had it under control\" the girl argued. \"One minute\" Noah calls back. I don't have time for this, Suddenly the wall from the building behind us exploded. My ears rang, I could hear my heart thumping in my chest. They are here. I got up from the wreckage of the building. The Suits didn't care if the ruin property or killed innocent people they just wanted us. A-projects. And the girl and the boy was nowhere to be found. \"Hunter answer me! What happened?\" Danny ask. \"She's gone...She just...\" Then it hit me the explosion. \"Suits have arrive and blockading the area Hunter get out of there now\" Noah said. I was running. \"Hunter your going the wrong way\" Noah replied but I ignore him \" the girl she has the ability we've been looking for, she's a Handler\". \"A what?\" Danny ask \"A Handler\" I said. A Handler was top level stuff with the ability to explode anything, using telekinesis to heat up anything. There was many different versions of Handlers. \"I see her\" Noah says. \"She's one the move and blowing up The Suits enforcements\". \"Where is she?\" Danny sounded harsh and at a low temper. \"She's running down Wall Street now\" \"I am close\" I com in while gunning down another Suit then racing off toward Wall Street. People ran not wanting to get in the cross fire, but this was like an everyday thing to them. I reloaded the barrel of my pistol and put on other. Last one better make this count, the thought race across my head. Explosions shook the ground. She was close. Then I see a girl with long beautiful long blond hair, sky blue eyes, and a tented face. Yep, that was her alright. \"Stop!\" I yell to her grabbing hold of her hand as soon as I caught up to her. Her hand was steaming hot but I wasn't letting her go. \"Let of me\" She says with a firm voice. \"Hunter Enforcements are all around you,\" Noah says \"make your way under ground lose them in the sewage system\". \"I'm getting you somewhere safe\" I say pulling her close to me. Sparks, the sounds of a heart beat pounded louder and louder. A chopper. I tighten my grip to my gun. Bullets suddenly fired going wide from their target. Us. I turn toward the shooters firing rapidly. I hit three in the chest and two in the head. Danny, who was on the roof above us, sniped as much as he could. \"There's too many I said pulling the girl and the boy inside the closes ally. I try shooting again, out. I toss the gun. The only thing I could do...I breath in and exhale. Suits came in the ally. \"Don't move\" I say coldly to the girl. I could feel it. Their hearts pounding in their chest racing aiming their weapons toward me. Before they could even follow the orders I shoot my hand towards them and a powerful force bursts out. ","Summary":" Chapter One I jumped down a flight of stairs rushing down the ally. Crap, I'm late again. the thoug"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"A Cinderella story","Author":"FrankieQuinn13","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11031106","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: hey! I know Chronicle came out a while back but I really really loved that movie. So I wrote this because, really, Steve and Andrew would have been great together. I've also gotten into this whole fairytale parodies thing so that is basically what this is. Cinderella, Chronicle style. I googled Steve/Andrew slash a while back and I found this community fan blog called the prince and the predator . It hasn't really been used for a while from what I can tell but I love the title and that's actually what inspired the story. Although they don't have powers in this one so I guess the whole predator thing doesn't apply. Just a quick heads up: they're all different ages in this one and Andrew's the only one still in highschool. Andrew is seventeen, Matt's nineteen and Steve is twenty-one. Apologies spelling, grammar and OOCness Disclaimer: I do not own Chronicle or any of it's characters. Xxxxxxxxxxxx \"In local news, the day that Seattle has been waiting for is finally here. Prince Steven Gregarious Montgomery the third turns twenty-one in just three days and although he won't inherit his title as King of Seattle until he's twenty-seven, he will be choosing his consort during the masquerade costume ball this friday. Royal officials announced this momentous occasion in a press conference two weeks ago making sure to stress the requirements for the guest list. Just like his father's royal ball, Prince Montgomery's twenty-first birthday bash will see almost every inhabitant of the Seattle county in attendance with the only exception being that the preferred selection of potential partners will all be male. As you all know, Prince Montgomery announced that he was gay on national television three years ago shortly after his eighteenth birthday. Many were shocked, some were devastated but over all, the city of Seattle accepted their young leader's sexuality with open arms. UN Sercretary-General Ban ki Moon was heard saying that it will be the event of the century, a historical event that will not only see Seattle as the healthiest and most prosperous city in the world but also, the first kingdom in the world with two joined kings to rule over it. All eyes will be tuned onto the grand palace at six o'clock on November twenty sixth, as the start of a new era begins... And in other local news, highschool students found a mysterious sink hole on a farm on the outskirts of town just two days ago while searching for their missing dog. No one knows how the sink hole got there, but owners of the farm say that it started off as a crater. They've been hearing strange noises coming from it for about four years, until three days ago when the noises stopped and the crater suddenly collapsed on itself and filled with mud. The hole is two meter's in diameter while the depth is said to be more that two hundred yards long leading down to a pocket of underground water used to serve the entire Seattle area. Local geological experts say that they have no idea how the crater was formed or even why it took so long for the underground water system to flood it, all they do know is...\" \"Here you go, mom.\" Karen smiled at her son as he laid a tray down in front of her on the kitchen table, \"Thank you, baby.\" Andrew smiled back before turning back to the stove and grabbed one of the bowls he had sitting on the counter to pour himself some oatmeal. He wasn't particularly fond of the grey lumpy stuff, but it is supposed to be good for you. Although Andrew would kill for some bacon and eggs, maybe a plate of french toast, his mother took up a higher priority than his stomach. Healthy and affordable is the way to go these days. Karen's been getting a lot better over the passed few years especially after Richard left. The seizures have stopped and she doesn't need a resperator to breathe anymore. Apparently doctor's were astounded by her growing health, since the tumours around her spine just... Disappeared. They used a lot of drawn out explanations with the words like miraculous, astonishing and phenomenal. Andrew didn't really understand it when the doctor explained, all he cared about was the fact that she was getting better. These days she was a lot stronger. No longer bed ridden and takes short walks to the store and around the block when she needs some fresh air. Things were finally starting to look up. Andrew's smile grew a little more as he closed the pot and lifted a hand to comb through his hair, pausing when he felt the long strip of elevated skin above his right eye and he pulled at the longer blonde bangs hanging over his forehead so they'd cover it. Before turning back to the table to set down his bowl pull out a chair to sit down, shooting his mother a quick smile as he grabbed some milk. The last time that Andrew saw his father, Richard was drunk out of his mind. Slurring and cursing like he usually did. He turned to Andrew and started taking his anger out on his son, screaming at the top of his lungs about how everything was Andrew's fault and how Karen would be fine if Andrew had never been born. Andrew took it, tried to shut out his father's insults while he was hit over and over again. It was nothing new really. Only this time unlike all those other times Richard didn't stop at simple kicks and punches. Andrew can't really remember what happened after he hit the ground, all he remembers is seeing his father pick up a two-by-four in the corner of the basement and walk towards him before everything went black. When Andrew woke up, he was in the hospital covered in gauze with a cast around his arm and leg. Matt was in the chair beside his bed looking exhausted despite the fact that he was sleeping in the chair. Apparently Matt found him when he came to pick him up to go to some party he wanted to go to. Matt's mom had been called and stayed over at their house while Andrew was in the hospital and Matt came to visit his cousin almost everyday until he was released. Richard disappeared, taking his computer and his camera along with him. Probably pawned them off before leaving town. Bastard. Andrew didn't really care though, as long as Richard was gone, then everything was alright. The weeks passed. Matt's mom came over to check on them every other day, Matt actually bought him a brand new camera. And mr. Garetty let him have one of their old PC's. So yeah, things were looking up. He still got bullied at school, he didn't really have any friends and he worked two jobs after school. They didn't pay much and sometimes seemed more trouble than they were worth but since Richard left they needed an income from somewhere. But all in all, Andrew couldn't complain, as long as his mom was healthy then he couldn't ask for more. \"You should go.\" Andrew looked up when his mother suddenly spoke. The woman was watching him with a warm smile as he sat hunched over his bowl of oatmeal as he glanced up at the television and then his camera every now and then. The little red light was on, filming breakfast with his mom like it always did. Andrew's been filming for years, editing his footage every night before he went to bed. The only time he ever turned it off so it could charge was when he was asleep. It's a little banged up from being dropped and manhandled by his bullies back at school but he still took it everywhere and filmed everything. At this point, it was practically part of his body. It hardly ever left his side. Andrew looked up at his mom's warm smile before looking back at the television. \"When the owners of the farm were questioned as to why it took them so long to report the mysterious crater, we were told that they didn't think it would cause any harm...\" Andrew frowned, \"To look at a sink hole? I guess it would be cool to get on camera but-\" \"I was talking about the masquerade ball.\" Karen interrupted with a little smile as she carefully lifted the cup of tea Andrew had set down beside the oatmeal up to her lips while her son just blinked in surprise. \"Yeah, I don't think so mom.\" \"Well why not?\" Andrew looked back down at his bowl and sank down a little into his seat, \"Its a consort ball, the prince is supposed to pick his 'royal spouse' that night.\" \"And?\" \"I don't belong there.\" \"It's an open ball, Andrew. Who knows maybe you could make some friends.\" Andrew shook his head as he ate another spoon of oatmeal, \"I still don't think I should go, I wouldn't fit in.\" \"Wouldn't fit in?\" Karen frowned as she set her tea down and her head gave a slight tilt to the side. \"I thought the only requirement was for you to be male and gay? Aren't you both?\" Andrew felt his cheeks begin to heat and he glanced up at his mother as she spoke, \"I honestly don't see how you wouldn't fit in, honey.\" Yep. Male since birth, gay since the age of fifteen. That discovery had pretty much gone the same way that the rest of his life has gone. Terribly. Andrew was pretty much still the same loner type that he is right now. He tried to stay out of the spot light so he wouldn't get bullied anymore than necessary and things were going off well enough, until Monica suddenly started taking notice of him for some reason and he wasn't so invisible anymore. What Andrew didn't know, was that Monica had broken up with one of his regular bullies Sean and decided to make him jealous by dating the one guy he seems to hate more than anything else. Unfortunately her plan back fired, which wouldn't be so bad if Andrew hadn't gotten caught in the blast as well. Monica invited Andrew over to her house for a party one night. He went, drank a little more than he should have and followed her up to her room where they started making out. Something that they'd never done before. Hell, they hadn't even kissed before that night. Andrew had never even thought about kissing Monica until she'd actually done it. At the time Andrew wasn't sure what had shocked him more, the fact that a girl as pretty as Monica would want him that way or the fact that he felt absolutely nothing for her when she did. O.K, well maybe not nothing. The tons of alcohol he drank and the sudden panic attack Monica gave him by shoving him down against a bed did fill him with the inexplicable urge to blow chunks, which he did. All over Monica. \"I-...\" Andrew fell silent as he stared into the bowl, stirring the lumpy stuff around and round. She doesn't understand, he wouldn't fit in because he's, well he's worthless. A freak, a fuck up and a piece of shit. Just like Sean and the others at school say he is every time he walks down the hall, just like Monica says whenever he walks by and she tells her friends about that night he couldn't do what every other normal guy could. Like Richard used to say to him everyday since he had his accident. No one would want him, he's a nobody. So why even try? Andrew looked up when he felt a hand cover his, to find his mom staring at him with so much love in her eyes as she gave his hand a brief squeeze. \"Don't do that. Andrew don't you ever doubt yourself. Anyone would be lucky to have you.\" Karen smiled as she leaned over the table and kissed Andrew's forehead before pulling back. \"And that's exactly why you're going. Honey, you can't spend your whole life locked away. I know life can be hard sometimes, but you'll never know what you're capable of until you try.\" The boy smiled at his mother and watched her sit back down in her chair, when he looked back down at his worn out grey hoodie and ripped jeans. \"I don't have anything to wear. It's a ball.\" \"A costume ball.\" Karen said as her lips pursed together in thought, \"I'm sure we have something you could wear.\" Andrew's lips pursed together in thought. He didn't want to go to the ball. Everyone in town would probably be there, meaning everyone from school would be there and Andrew really didn't want to endure anymore bullying on his one night off. \"I don't have a ride.\" \"Don't worry baby, Matt's taking you.\" Karen said with a shrug as she took another sip of tea while Andrew just gaped. \"Matt's going? Isn't he straight and engaged?\" \"The royals donated a lot of money to the charity that Matt works with this year. He's just going as one of the queen's guests, but he needed someone to go with him and I told him you would.\" Andrew fought another gape before he quickly shut his mouth, \"What about Casey? Can't she go with him?\" Karen looked up at her son over her cup and Andrew could have sworn that he saw her give an evil grin before she cleared her throat and set her cup down without a single trace of a smile. \"They have an actual guest list for female guests. Matt said that Prince Steve is being stalked by some girl he dated before he came out, so now any female guests that show up have to be screened a week in advance. It's too late for her to sign up now.\" \"So I'm going as his date?\" \"No, of course not honey.\" Karen said with a slight shake of her head before giving a brief giggle, \"Matt's worried that he might be the only straight guy there. He just wants a friendly face around to keep him company.\" Andrew looked down at his bowl and started stirring his bowl of oatmeal like he could find a viable excuse not to go in the lumpy breakfast. \"I don't know mom-\" \"It's just one night Andy. Do it for me.\" Andrew looked up in time to see Karen give him an encouraging smile and the blonde sighed in defeat. \"O.K mom, I'll go.\" A/N: that's it. This'll be a two part thing so the next update will be the last. Tell me what you think. Please review[Chapter 2] A/N: alrighty part dos Usual apologies Disclaimer: see first chapter \"I see you still have the camera.\" Matt said with a sideways glance to Andrew before bringing his gaze back up to the in front of him, making sure to keep the steering wheel steady as they drove down the road. Andrew shrugged as he balanced the camera and the gas mask on his lap before letting his fingers trace over the smooth plastic surface of the mask's visor. \"Yeah I'm still filming everything.\" Matt picked him up from his house about ten minutes ago with Casey since the girl planned on spending the night with Karen until they got back from the ball. Matt had stared at Andrew for what must have been at least ten seconds when he saw what his cousin was wearing. It was his mom's idea. After Karen managed to convince Andrew to go to the prince's ball, the woman had spent most of not the entire day looking for something that Andrew could wear until she finally found it. Although part of Andrew wishes she hadn't. It was Richard's old fireman's uniform, complete with the yellow stripped hat and gas mask. All things considered it was a pretty cool costume to wear for a costume party at a friend's house but for a royal ball? Hell the gas mask alone should be enough reason for security to take him out before he even reached the front door. Plus Andrew wasn't really sure how he felt about wearing his dad's old uniform. When things were good with Richard before the accident things were great, but then he was forced to stop working and his mom got sick and suddenly things went very badly. The memories of his father's abuse were still fresh in his mind and Andrew didn't really know how to deal with it when she pulled out the uniform at first but then he tried to remind himself that it was just an outfit. Wearing it wouldn't suddenly push things into being just like they used to be before Richard left and it certainly wouldn't kill him. It's only for a couple of hours and it is a pretty cool costume, plus the gas mask would cover up his entire face so no one who might be there from school would recognise him, so why not? \"Do you think they'll let me take it inside?\" Andrew asked as he looked up at Matt who was decked out in a black tux with a white shirt and bow tie. The only thing that even counted as a costume was the gold mask Matt had resting on the dashboard. \"There's going to be tons of press so I don't really think that would be a problem.\" Matt shrugged as he stopped at the red light near the last turn before the road that led to the royal palace and gave the camera a long side glance. \"But if it is you can just leave it in the car.\" Andrew frowned, \"What if someone breaks into the car?\" \"Are you kidding me?\" Matt said with a snort just as the red light turned green and they turned into Montgomery Lane, \"Security's going to be crawling all over the place, I seriously doubt someone would be stupid enough to break into a car parked right outside of the royal palace just to get your camera.\" \"Yeah, I guess you're right.\" Andrew said with a weak smile and he shifted a little in his seat as he asked, \"Have you ever met prince Steve before?\" Matt gave a slight shrug, \"A couple of times, he used to go to CV he graduated a few years ago. Although it was never alone, the only time he didn't have body guards around him was when he was playing football.\" Andrew blinked in surprise, \"He used to play football?\" \"Yep, first string quarter back. He was pretty good too, he could've gone pro. He seems like a nice guy though, I think you'd like him. I mean everybody else already does.\" Andrew just gave a nod as he stared out through the window when Matt cleared his throat and spoke in a more cautious tone, \"Is there anyone you-you know-... Like. I mean since you came out and aunt Karen's gotten better-\" The blonde let out a heavy sigh, \"Did my mom put you up to this?\" \"No, no I was just...\" Matt gave another awkward shrug, \"I mean Casey, well, she knows this guy and-\" \"No.\" Andrew said in a flat tone and Matt sighed. \"I think it could be good for you, you know, to get out a little more and-\" \"Matt no, I don't want a-...\" Andrew took a deep breath, \"I don't want to date anyone right now alright, I just want to finish school and help my mom get better. That's it.\" \"Alright, alright. It was just a suggestion, but I mean who knows,\" Matt said as he glanced at his cousin with a grin. \"Maybe you'll meet prince Steve and he'll make you his royal spouse.\" Andrew let out a snort at that, \"Yeah right.\" \"You never know.\" \"Can we just please get there so I can get this over with.\" Andrew said with a roll of his eyes and he leaned back a little more in his seat, when he caught sight of something odd down the road. Both sides of the street were lined with trees and what looked like acres and acres of orchards, it made for beautiful scenery but that isn't what caught Andrew's attention. \"Hey Matt, what time does the ball start again?\" Matt frowned but kept his eyes on the road, \"Six. Why?\" Andrew leaned forward in his seat and narrowed his eyes down at the brightly lit gate on the turn left side of the road that seemed to be slowly slipping shut. \"It looks like they're locking the gates.\" \"No way.\" Matt's frown deepened as he leaned forward as well until he cast a quick look down at the hand on his steering wheel and he gasped when he saw that the time read almost six'thirty. \"Oh shit!\" Matt stepped on the accelerator and Andrew fell back in his seat as he laughed while his cousin just glared. \"I don't see why you're laughing, I mean this means that you're late too.\" \"I don't care,\" Andrew shrugged with a smug smile, \"I didn't even want to go in the first place.\" \"Oh you're going alright.\" Matt growled as he made the turn faster than Andrew thought it would be possible as he held onto his seat as they sped forward towards the gate. Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx The hallway was brightly lit and thank God it was empty. After spending almost an hour wandering around the crowd in the ballroom Andrew was ready to trade in any and all human interaction and exchange it for a couple of months of solitary confinement. The blonde pulled up the front of his mask and let the visor rest on his head as he leaned back against the wall and slid down until he was sitting flat on his butt with his camera cradled on his legs. He's never been to the royal palace before, so he got to take some pretty cool shots of the entrance hall which was probably round about the same size as his house and all the art work hung up on the wall around there and in the main ball room. The chandelier hanging over the dance floor was huge and lit up the entire thing with bright sparkling light. It was beautiful. Karen would have loved to see that so Andrew made sure to get as much footage of all the artwork and engravings on the wall so he could show his mom before he had to put his camera away. Not that there wasn't a ton of press with camera's around already it's just that he had to. As predicted they got to the ball around twenty minutes late and as predicted Andrew was absolutely mortified when they did. Apparently he's the only one that got the memo on the whole costume masquerade ball thing since everyone in the palace seemed to be decked out in black suits and evening gowns instead of the a costume of any kind. They were all wearing masks though, which didn't make Andrew feel like any less of a freak but at least it was something. Of course since they were late almost every head in the ballroom turned when they walked in and everyone saw the guy in the creepy fireman's outfit so Andrew received twice his normal daily dose of humiliating stares, but at least no one would recognise him as long as he kept that gas mask down. Of course all hope of going unnoticed went out the window the minute he spotted Sean and some other kids from his school standing around a table filled with drinks with their masks up. Which is why Andrew had to stop filming. All his bullies have kicked his camera around enough times for them to be able to recognise the device a mile away, so Andrew had to put it away in case someone saw it and knew that he was the one in the creepy fireman's outfit. The blonde really didn't want to deal with all of that at a party he didn't even want to go to in the first place. Not that he knew why Sean and the other's were there. I mean, he wasn't gay and Monica wasn't there as far as Andrew could tell, so what was he doing at a consort ball? The blonde sighed as he leaned his head back against the wall. Why does it matter anyway? Matt ditched him like five minutes after they got there, although in his defence, he does work for one of the charities that the royal family sponsored so he was probably working but still. He's the one that wanted Andrew to go with him after all, if he was spending most of his time with sponsors then why did he even bring his cousin there in the first place? Andrew could be home right now, watching a movie with his mom or just editing his footage before bed, but no. He's hiding in some unmarked hallway in the royal palace and if he were honest with himself, Andrew would admit that he really has no idea as to how he'll get back to the ballroom at this point. The blonde looked up and glanced at his surroundings only just noticing exactly how quite the hallway was. There were paintings on the cream white walls in front of him of the royals, a dark blue carpet on the floor where he sat, but other than that there were no markings that he could see that showed the way back to the ballroom. Great. Now he's lost. Andrew stared up at one of the paintings in front of him. There were three people on it. Two of them were the king and queen from what he could tell, they like the rest of the palace's inhabitants were decked out in royal ball garb and not costumes so he saw they're faces a few times in the thick crowd. The last person was prince Steve, Andrew didn't really get to see him in the main ball room though. Andrew let is head tilt to the side as he took the portrait in. The prince sat there in front of his parents with a bright smile on his face and the warmest brown eyes Andrew has ever seen in his entire life. He's heard a bunch of the girls at school swoon over the handsome prince Steve and how amazing he looked but Andrew's never really paid any attention to any of the television shows or the news bulletins himself, since well to put it frankly, why should he? He's not even close to being in league with any of the royals and he really isn't one for politics. What difference did it really make to Andrew whether he's seen the royals or not? But now sitting there in the hall and really looking at the prince or rather his portrait Andrew definitely understood why more than half of the student body was so in love with this guy. He really is handsome. Andrew blushed at the thought as he quickly looked back down at his lap. Yeah he's made peace with the fact that he's gay, but he still felt a little weird whenever he caught himself actually checking another guy out or even worse actually fantasising about one. They were all faceless bodies really and sometimes Andrew would let his imagination run away with him before rinsing off his embarrassment in the shower. Those times weren't too bad though. Then other times it felt like he could almost hear Richards voice in the back of his mind, calling him a disgusting fag and telling him that no one would ever want him. That friend Matt and Casey wanted to set him up with was a definite no no. Not that Andrew didn't like the idea of having someone that cared about him other than his mother and cousin, it's just that Andrew couldn't bare being rejected. Yes, Richard was gone, but it was hard trying to shake off his father's ghost and Andrew didn't think he'd be able to handle it if his old man turned out to be right and no one really would ever want him. So for now, he's happy with the way things are. Just him and his mom. Andrew shifted on the floor a little uncomfortably before glancing up at the portrait of the prince almost like it was the real thing. He really is handsome. Andrew isn't sure what he'd do if he ever met him, would it really matter though? I mean, it's not like any of the royals would notice him on any normal day, but still I mean giving those faceless fantasies a face wouldn't be so bad would it? Oh my God. Was he really thinking about jacking off to the prince? At that thought the blonde's face burned with heat when a voice suddenly spoke and his head snapped up in surprise. \"Finally! Someone put in some actual effort.\" Andrew stared at the figure walking towards him for a moment. He was wearing a football uniform. A white and green jersey with green pants complete with the shoulder pads and helmet. There was a green CV written on the side of the helmet and Andrew realised that it was a one of the football uniforms from his school. The blonde quickly scrambled up onto his feet and made to leave when- \"Hey! Hey where are you going?\" \"I'm really sorry, I know I shouldn't be here I was just-\" \"Escaping the circus in the ballroom?\" Andrew paused as he glanced up at the figure that stood just a few feet away and started fiddling with the camera in his hands, \"Something like that.\" \"Are you with the press?\" \"No I just-...\" Andrew stopped to bit his lip and looked away before answering briefly lifting the camera up, \"This is just a hobby. I film everything I do, I've been doing it for a couple years.\" \"Really?\" \"Yeah, I-I should go.\" Andrew said as he turned back to get as far away from this guy as quickly as possible when his wrist was grabbed and the blonde was brought to an abrupt halt. \"Wait.\" \"What?\" \"What's your name?\" Andrew resisted the urge to stare at the gloved hand that was still locked around his wrist and looked up at the guy's face although he couldn't really make out much. Besides the helmet he wore, there was also a black mask covering his face so only his eyes could be seen from the inside of the headgear. Warm brown eyes stared back at him and the blonde couldn't help but answer. \"Andrew-\" he felt his face begin to heat up all over again when his voice came out in a much softer pitch than he'd intended and he quickly cleared his throat as he tried again. \"Andrew Detmer and you?\" That last part was a last minute attempt to not sound as awkward as he felt only to blink in confusion at the surprise he saw flash in the guy's eyes. \"You dont-...\" The guy paused and let the arm that held onto Andrew's drop a little more, \"You don't know who I am?\" \"I can't really tell much with the mask. Am I supposed to know you?\" Andrew answered and the other's head gave a tilt to the side. \"Weren't you at the opening ceremony?\" \"My cousin and I got here late, so... I guess we missed it.\" \"Oh,\" the guy blinked and let go of Andrew's arm and stared in complete silence for a moment making the blonde shift uncomfortably until he finally forced himself to ask. \"So who are you?\" \"Oh shit, sorry I'm-\" the guy paused for the briefest of moments before giving a smile, \"I'm Gregarious, it's nice to meet you Andrew.\" As Gregarious lifted his hand for Andrew to shake the blonde couldn't help but give a frown, \"Isn't prince Steve's middle name Gre-\" \"Our parents thought it would be cool if we had the same name for some reason.\" Gregarious answered, \"Steve's my, cousin. You can just call me Greg.\" \"O.K, it's nice to meet you too.\" Andrew tried for a small smile while Greg's just grew underneath the headgear. \"So you're the prince's cousin?\" \"Yeah,\" Greg pulled the helmet off his head, but kept the black mask going over his eyes and Andrew couldn't help but frown. \"I'm only going to be in town for a few more days. I'm just- here for this whole ball thing.\" Andrew's eyes narrowed down at the other as he spoke, \"You know you look-\" \"A lot like my cousin, yeah we get that a lot. So you said you were here with your cousin?\" Greg said quickly as he directed the conversation away from himself. Andrew gave a sheepish grin when Greg let go of his arm and he started fiddling with his camera. \"Yeah, Matt Garetty.\" \"Garetty? Garetty, Garetty...\" Greg said a few times as his eyebrows furrowed in thought and he stuck the helmet underneath his left arm when he suddenly smiled, \"Garetty! Yeah I remember him from highschool, he was all philosophical and deep. He used to talk about Schopenhauer all the time.\" Greg chuckled and Andrew couldn't help but smile back. \"He's with... Project world charities now, right? I've been hearing a lot of good things about them from my m-aunt.\" \"Yeah, he's doing really good now but I'm pretty sure all that philosophy was just the weed talking.\" Andrew said looking down at the camera in his hands and his eyes snapped up when Greg let out a laugh. It was smooth and warm, so open and inviting that Andrew almost felt like laughing as well. He's got a beautiful smile. At that thought Andrew felt his face begin to warm and he quickly cleared his throat and pulled the gas mask off his head in an effort to distract himself. \"So uhm you've met Matt, huh? He's never mentioned you before, but he told me he's met your cousin before.\" \"It was only once or twice, plus I'm pretty sure he was stoned both times.\" Greg said with a weak chuckle and Andrew turned away. \"I should go, Matt's probably looking for me by now.\" \"Wait,\" Andrew stopped and turned back to glance at the other, Greg had his helmet in his hands now. Running his hand over the smooth surface before looking up at Andrew. \"Do you wanna hang out for a while? I mean, the charity people are going to be tied up with the queen for a while and... I'm so bored walking around here on my own.\" Andrew blinked in surprise and looked away, \"I think it's better if I-\" \"Do you really want to go back to the ballroom right now? I can show you around the palace or... I dunno we can go downtown. I promise I'll have you back before your cousin is finished.\" \"I don't know-\" \"C'mon it'll be fun.\" Greg said with that warm smile as he stepped closer, \"Trust me.\" Andrew shifted his feet a little as he looked into Greg's eyes before letting out a sigh and giving a nod, \"O.K.\" \"Great.\" Greg beamed with a bright smile and Andrew felt himself begin to flush all over again. \"So what do you wanna do?\" Andrew gave a shrug as he looped the strap of his mask over his arm and held the camera in his hands, \"I don't know, I'm cool with whatever.\" \"Yeah, even if I locked you in a room and had my wicked way with you?\" Greg teased and Andrew's blush went even darker and his eyes went wide. Greg chuckled as he turned back. \"I'm just joking, c'mon.\" \"Exactly what are we doing?\" Andrew asked as he followed the royal and Greg glanced up at him with a smile. \"I'm taking you out, Detmer.\" Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx They left the castle about two hours ago, but not before Greg led Andrew up to one of the rooms in the castle so he could get rid of some of the heavier gear he was wearing. The blonde went three shades of red when the royal suddenly tugged off his jersey so he could take off his shoulder pads and had to look away while he finished changing since he couldn't find it in himself to watch without his head exploding from all the blood that was rushing up towards it. Greg's kind of hot under all those clothes, nothing but smooth brown skin stretched over curves and ridges of hard muscle. Andrew had bitten his lip hard enough to leave marks as he waited for the royal to finish and was only slightly disappointed when he turned back and found that the other had put his jersey back on but hadn't taken off his mask. But he didn't ask when Greg led him back out, through the castle hallways down to the underground garage and got into an SUV before leaving the castle through one of the underground tunnels Andrew didn't even know existed. It was awesome getting on tape. They went to a drive through and picked up a couple of smoothies before Greg took him to the space needle. Despite living in Seattle for his entire life so far Andrew had never been there before, so he was more excited than he'd ever admit when they pulled into the parking lot and walked inside. Andrew filmed everything from the main entrance to the observation deck inside of the skyscraper. It was beautiful and the view was amazing, but Andrew was surprised to find it so empty when they walked inside. It wasn't that late, maybe around eight - nine o'clock if Andrew had to guess and yet there wasn't a single person up there besides himself and Greg at the time. But Andrew didn't mind. They lost track of time up there. The royal was warm and friendly, he was so easy to talk to that Andrew ended up telling him things about himself that only his mom knew. Things he's told Matt about a few times but even that was just the bare minimum. Somehow it just felt different with Greg, I dunno, like Greg just understood even though they've only just met. He even showed him some of the footage on his camera, something he's only ever done with his mom. \"I don't really have any friends.\" Andrew said as he fiddled with the straw in his smoothie while his camera stood on the railing beside him, filming the bright lights that glowed over the Seattle landscape while Greg stood on his other side. \"I guess I'm just... Shy. It's hard talking to people sometimes, I mean even when I talk to Matt sometimes I just, I dunno fold into myself.\" \"Have you tried to make friends before?\" Greg asked and Andrew just gave a snort, \"Once, I ended up getting punched in the face cause I got friendly with the wrong person. But then my mom got sick and my dad started drinking, there just wasn't any time to even think about trying again you know.\" \"Yeah, I know. My parents,\" Greg cut himself off as he looked out over the city and he leaned into the railing a bit more. \"I mean it's not as bad as the thing with your dad but, they fight a lot. I thinks it's cause my mom might be cheating on him... Actually I know she's cheating on him, but they won't get divorced because there are certain expectations that they have to fulfil.\" Greg gave a humourless snort as he shook his head, \"But at least for now, it's not too bad. Their letting me make my own choices so that's good.\" \"What kind of choices?\" Andrew asked as he looked up at the other and Greg looked down at the blonde before giving a sly smirk as he wiggled his eyebrows. \"Sexual choices.\" Andrew blushed lightly and looked away for a brief moment and he couldn't help but ask. \"So you're gay like your cousin too?\" Greg stayed quiet for a moment as his head gave a slight tilt to the side, \"Yeah.\" \"Oh.\" \"Your mom's gotten better though, right?\" Greg asked seeming to change the subject and Andrew was more than just a little grateful. \"Yeah, she's off the respirator and she walks around the neighbourhood everyday.\" Andrew said as a smile started to spread over his lips, \"I'm really proud of her, she's been through a lot. I'm glad she isn't in any pain anymore.\" \"You know you've got a beautiful smile.\" Greg suddenly said and Andrew's eyes snapped up towards him, he could feel the heat collecting in his face as the royal stared at him and he had start fiddling with the cup in his hands to distract himself. \"Well since your mom's better, maybe nows a good time to start getting out a little more.\" Greg tried and Andrew's face fell as he shook his head. \"No, I don't think so.\" \"C'mon you could meet some knew people, meet some girls.\" Greg teased as he bumped his elbow against Andrew's shoulder and the blonde's blush went a shade darker along with the tips of his ears. \"I'm not really... Comfortable around girls.\" \"What do you mean?\" \"I mean-...\" Andrew cut himself off as he started biting his lip when Greg suddenly grinned, \"Or you know you could meet some guys.\" Andrew looked up to glare at the other and Greg just laughed. \"Andrew Detmer, are you gay?\" \"Yes.\" Greg chuckled again, \"Is that why you were at the ball tonight?\" \"No, I went to the ball because my mom and cousin forced me to go.\" The blonde said and Greg gave a dramatic sigh as he turned around so his back was facing the city view. \"Figures, the one gay guy that actually shows up and he doesn't actually do it to win a date with prince Steve, the dashingly handsome.\" Andrew smiled, while Greg continued. \"I swear most of the guys that showed up probably can't even spell gay and the others were well... Ridiculous. Biggest ass kissers I've ever seen in my entire life and I don't even mean the good kind.\" Andrew laughed and the royal smiled, \"You see that, when your face lights up like that with that amazing smile. It makes me wonder why someone hasn't taken you yet.\" Andrew stopped laughing and he instantly flushed, \"You're just saying that, I know what I look like, I'm-\" \"Perfect?\" Andrew's eyes widened a bit when Greg took his chin his hand and tilted it up slightly as he leaned in. Andrew felt his heart start to pound in his chest and his breathing increased. The blonde put his hands on Greg's shoulders to stop him short and he looked into those brown eyes as he whispered. \"Stop, you don't want to do that.\" Greg smiled, \"Yes I do.\" And with that Greg closed the distance between them, making Andrew's face catch fire. The blonde froze at first, until Greg's lips slowly moved against his own and he kissed back, holding in a squeak as an arm went around his waist. Andrew dropped the cup in his hands to wrap them around Greg's neck. This was officially his first kiss and it was perfect. That time with Monica doesn't even count, this is so much better than that was. Neither of them tasted like cheap beer or smelled like overly sweet perfume and hair product. Mixed berries and nectarines form the smoothies and Greg smelled like deep earthy cologne. Andrew couldn't help but moan as Greg's tongue slid into his mouth while his blush went another shade deeper. Greg pulled back and smiled at Andrew's blurry blue eyes when his eyes suddenly snapped up to the watch on the furthest wall of the observation room, \"We should get back. Promised you I'd have you back before your cousin got done right?\" \"Right.\" Andrew said not being able to keep the disappointment out of his voice, Andrew quickly picked up his camera and mask, when Greg took his free hand and started leading him out of the room as he gave the teen a smirk, \"Besides I promised you a tour of the palace.\" Xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx \"The main hall leading to the ballroom is down there.\" Andrew followed Greg's gaze down the hallway, he could hear the music coming from the ballroom and the blonde let out a sigh at the fact that he wouldn't have to go running around the palace looking for a way out when Greg suddenly pulled him close and he smiled as they stumbled through one of the doors on the side of the hall. The room was brightly lit, with hundreds of pictures all pinned up on the wall. Some where black and white while others were had bright colours. Buildings, people, animals and plants all shot from artistic angles while some stood on stands all around the room. Andrew pulled away from Greg's grasp to walk forward and look around the room setting the camera down on a stool near the doorway, \"Wow.\" \"This is... This is the king's gallery. He takes pictures sometimes when he travels or when he's around town. It's just a hobby though.\" Greg explained as he walked on after the blonde and Andrew stopped in front of a picture of a blood red orchid standing out against a black and white backdrop of leaves and brush. \"He's good, he really took all these?\" \"Yeah he spends most of his time in here when he isn't working or whatever.\" Andrew resisted the urge to jump when Greg's arms wrapped around him and he took a deep breath to try and relax while Greg spoke beside his ear. \"I thought you might like to see some of his stuff, you know since you film everything. Do you like it?\" \"It's amazing.\" \"You know, since your graduating soon maybe you should think about applying to a film school or something.\" Andrew blinked in surprise, \"Film school?\" \"Yeah, I mean you're already comfortable with a camera, it's something you like to do so why not?\" \"I-\" Andrew paused, involuntarily leaning into the other, \"That would actually be really cool, but I can't really afford film school.\" \"You could get a scholarship,\" Greg said as he turned his head to kiss the side of Andrew's neck making the blonde smile, \"Or a loan or... I dunno get yourself a sugar daddy.\" Andrew elbowed the man behind him and Greg let out a sound that sounded like something halfway between a grunt and a chuckle as he started laughing. \"Shut up.\" \"I wouldn't mind the job.\" \"Oh yeah and exactly what would I have to do to for you to pay for college?\" Andrew said as he turned around and gave Greg a grin when the royal lifted a hand to cup his cheek. \"Just be you.\" Andrew blushed before grabbing the front of Greg's shirt to pull him down and seal their lips in a kiss, the blonde let out a soft moan as he reached up to the tie on the back of Greg's mask. He wanted to see his whole face, just to make this moment a little more real than it already was when his wrists were suddenly grabbed and Greg pulled away. \"I want to see your face.\" Andrew breathed and Greg seemed to swallow hard as he stared back into Andrew's eyes before he spoke. \"Andrew there's something you should know.\" Andrew frowned at that and was about to ask what that was when the door to the room suddenly flew open and a man dressed in a black suit with no mask stood in the door. \"Your highness, there you are. It's midnight. The king and queen have been so worried that-\" The man stopped when he caught sight of Andrew and blinked in surprise, \"W-... I-\" Andrew's face flushed as he panicked and quickly pulled away from Greg and made for the door. \"I need to go.\" \"Andrew wait!\" Greg was too late as the blonde was already out the door and he let out a sigh as he pulled off his mask, before walking over to the man who stood silently by the door. \"I'm sorry for interrupting sir.\" The royal just sighed as he shook his head, \"It's O.K, I just-\" he stopped when he noticed Andrew's camera still sitting there on the stool. The little red light was still on and he smiled as he pressed the button on the side. \"I have a feeling I'll see him again soon.\" A/N: ok so the next chapter is the last I just feel like there should be a little more to it than the whole Cinderella boy meets other boy thing so yeah. Anyway Please review ","Summary":" A/N: hey! I know Chronicle came out a while back but I really really loved that movie. So I wrote t"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Experimental Tic Tactics","Author":"PretentiousLoser","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7162896","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hi! I wanted to delve into the characters in my favorite movie, so I wrote this piece of fluff (I'm warning you, it's sugary) about Juno and Bleeker. I wrote it without deciding when it was set, but I like think it takes place after the events of the movie. Enjoy! Oh, and I don't own Juno. I would, but my brother is allergic to her saliva. \"Hey, Bleek?\" she said, twirling the pick in her hand. She stopped, thinking better of what she had planned to say. \"Yeah, Juno?\" he asked. He looked up from his fingers on the fret board, and Juno felt his puppy eyes wash over her. \"What's your favorite flavor of M&M;?\" The lilt in her voice, so obvious to both of them, betrayed the fact that she had changed her original question. \"Like, do I like peanut ones better than milk chocolate?\" \"No, like, do you think that the orange ones taste better than the rest? 'Cause, all the orange food coloring in those Tic-Tacs might be warping your taste preferences or something. Hardwiring your brain so eventually you'll only eat foods that are unnaturally orange.\" \"No, I find they all taste the same.\" \"Really?\" \"Pretty much.\" \"So you're saying that if you opened a pack of melt-in-your-mouth delicious chocolate candies, and they were all orange, your taste buds wouldn't immediately go into a state of absolute bliss?\" \"No, but I'd be pretty sure that you were secretly paying Mars to specially manufacture M&Ms; for me.\" \"I'll put that on my to-do list. First I just need to Men in Black blinky-thing you so you'll think that it was a Juno MacGuff patented original idea and you'll continue to be in love with my endearing bursts of creative displays of affection.\" Juno fell silent as she tweaked a tuning peg. Bleeker stared at the section of brown hair that had fallen across her eyes. \"What were you really going to ask me?\" \"I think we should test this out,\" Juno inserted quickly. \"You know, to make sure we're not missing out on our chance to add to the world's collective knowledge on the subject of M&M; taste. This could be our big contribution to the world of science.\" \"I think we have some downstairs.\" Bleeker got up from his bed, Juno following him. \"A Nobel prize would look pretty damn good next to all those running trophies,\" she remarked as they went down the stairs. Bleeker always went up and down stairs awkwardly, as if the idea of taking them slowly was strange and alien. Juno hopped, her feet plunking down lightly every time her small frame landed. Walking into the living room, Juno spotted the candy bowl on the coffee table. \"That Carol,\" she said, \"what a woman.\" \"So, how should we do this?\" Bleeker asked. \"Well, you're the one who didn't almost fail science. I think it would make more sense if you designed the testing procedure.\" \"You're just too curious. That thing with the sulfuric acid was all Mr. Benson's fault for not stopping you.\" Too curious, he thought. The trait that defined her entire being. The trait of hers that had so much effect that it flooded over into his life. \"I thought curiosity in science was, like, a good thing,\" Juno said, taking a handful of candies. \"It is. Which is why you should come up with the experiment.\" He paused. \"Just as long as it doesn't involve strong acids.\" \"Alright then.\" She paced in front of the couch, where Bleeker sat. Just as Bleeker had gotten used to the rhythm of her steps, she snapped her fingers and turned to face him. \"Got it.\" She extracted a yellow headband from Bleeker's nearby track bag. With careful fingers, she positioned it around his head and over his eyes. Bleeker shut his eyes tightly, adjusting to the pressure of his makeshift blindfold. It felt slightly uncomfortable, but he didn't wish to interrupt Juno's procedure. \"Okay, taste this.\" She placed a candy in the center of his palm. He chewed it slowly, seeming thoughtful. When he had finished, she handed him another, and he repeated the process. \"Which one was better?\" Juno stretched the headband up and over Bleeker's forehead. \"Could you tell which one was orange?\" \"They tasted the same.\" Bleeker glanced at his watch. \"Do you want to start our homework now? I'd feel pretty good if I got that government essay out of the way.\" \"No! We need a conclusion. That's the most important part. And it was the first one.\" She added seeing the confused look on his face, \"The first one was orange.\" \"If it's so important, why did you draw doodles of elephants in that section of the lab write-up?\" They were, he had to admit, quite good pachyderms. \"I need more materials,\" she said, tuning out his question. She walked to the kitchen with the candy. Bleeker cringed at the various thumps he could hear. Juno's presence in a kitchen was never good for either her or the room. \"Put your headband back on!\" Juno called. Bleeker did as instructed. He could hear her footsteps as she walked back into the room. She sat down next to him. \"Open up,\" she said, tapping an M&M; against his lips. But there was something different from the earlier two about this one. It was wet, and as he bit into it, he figured out what was on the outside. \"You dipped it in pickle juice!\" he accused. His lips puckered slightly at the sour taste. \"Hmm, you'll have to record that in your observations. Now eat this one.\" \"I'm not falling for that again. You're being Lucy with the football.\" \"Hmm,\" she said, tilting her head and analyzing his appearance. \"You do have a noticeable likeness to Charlie Brown.\" \"I do not.\" \"Fine, you don't. Now eat the candy.\" He gave in and accepted the chocolate, which was, thankfully, normal. \"You may remove the blindfold,\" Juno said in a vaguely authoritative tone. \"Now guess which flavors they were.\" \"I'm assuming that the second one, which lacked pickle juice and therefore tasted better, was orange, proving your hypothesis to be correct.\" \"How dare you accuse me of bias in my highly scientific procedure! I work only for the truth, not for myself.\" \"I was right wasn't I?\" \"Well, yeah, but that was because you could clearly taste the orange flavor, which your conditioned taste buds find to be highly superior.\" \"Actually, I liked the first one much more. The contrast in taste was exquisite.\" \"Really?\" she asked, tilting her head. \"Really.\" \"Then I'll have to have a taste.\" She moved closer to him, her lips moving over his. \"You know,\" he said, in between kisses, \"this probably isn't a reliable test. To be scientifically correct, you should try one directly.\" \"The experiment is over.\" She flicked the headband against Bleeker's shoulder, causing him to flinch. \"And besides, I can tell that it's disgusting.\" \"Okay, then since you forced me to eat that, you have to tell me what you wanted to ask me earlier.\" He had her caught. She hesitated. \"Fine. I was just thinking…why do you go along with everything? I mean, every time I ask you to do something with me, you always do it.\" \"I can't imagine not saying yes.\" \"Is this an abusive relationship? Because I just want you to know that you can get out at any time, and I won't hurt you. I promise.\" \"I don't think I'll ever need to take you up on that.\" ","Summary":" Hi! I wanted to delve into the characters in my favorite movie, so I wrote this piece of fluff (I'm"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"lullaby for the taken","Author":"chocolate cake with sprinkles","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6046609","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I know that there's so much shit happening in the Middle East, but sometimes, I feel like there's just as much shit happening in my life. Yeah, I know, I'm probably not one to talk. The closest thing I ever heard to bombs was a firecracker Bleaker and I threw on my crazy drunk uncle's lawn (which, by the way, was beautifully executed). We got in a shit load of trouble for that, but we didn't care, it was most definitely worth it. Anyway, I think that I have been through plenty of mental battles the way soldiers are in physical battles. And I gotta stand out and fight against it or I'll just crumble to dust. Okay so two years before I got knocked up, my step-dad calls our house and my real dad picks up and just goes \"mm-hmm. well yeah. ah. well she's like that. Here? I don't see why not. Okay. Good luck with that. Bye.\" \"what was that about?\" I asked. \"your mother's a total loon,\" he told me. \"well, Dad, she ran away to Arizona with fifty bucks and a baggie of your hair. I don't think she's exactly sane. But what made her particularly loony in this case?\" I asked. \"she had kids with that guy, John, in Arizona, remember? Well, one of them is just a baby and John woke up this morning and found out she left. She took that baby, her purse, forty dollars and left,\" he had a look of pain and pity on his face. \"only forty bucks? She didn't take enough cash, wonder what she does for the extra money...\" \"Juno, your mother may be a loon, but she's not a whore.\" \"that explains why she has three replacement kids with some guy in a trailer park. Poor guy.\" I honestly felt sorry for John. It felt shitty enough when my mom left me, but he was a grown man and she took his baby. Dad nodded in agreement, \"yeah. He's coming up here to look and raise awareness.\" Later that day I called John on my hamburger phone. It rang and rang and bwoop he picked up \"hello?\" he had a worried voice, nice but worried. \"hey, Johnny. It's me, the evil step-daughter.\" \"oh, Julie, right?\" \"no, Juno.\" \"sorry, your mother doesn't talk about you that much,\" he didn't say it to be cruel, he really was saying sorry for my mom. \"that's nice to know.\" stupid bitch of a mother! \"well...why did you call me?\" \"I just wanted you to know that I know how it feels to be abandoned.\" \"thanks kid,\" he sounded like he felt better. \"Juno. And can you tell my mom to stop sending me cactuses on Valentine's Day?\" \"will do, Junebug,\" he said as if he knew me for my whole life, \"if you wanna know I'll be in the city park tomorrow, performing. Bye.\" Brrrk Brrrnnnnnn. So I go to the park to watch John because I figure having a fourteen-year-old fan who gives him a hug must make a dad feel better. When I just turned thirteen, Bleaker's mom was having major problems and started crying, so I gave her a hug saying \"chillax Mrs. B. It could be worse.\" and she just hugged me back with those majorly flabby arms saying \"you have no idea!\" Well anyway, so John was singing some lame country song about coming home and another about a kid who grew up not knowing his dad and another about memories of a missing child. I hate the living shit out of country and this just made it worse. But at the end he sang a little poem that sounded like a little kid wrote it: The lady took the baby I know she loves the baby But the baby has a daddy And his daddy loves him too. How could she take the baby? Maybe she's gone crazy. She won't share! It's not fair! There's nothing I can do! That just made me choke up. Something was begging me to yell out with him and it was saying, you wanna whisper? BULL SHIT! You hate your mother and now she's a baby-snatcher! Be true to your dumb-ass self and yell, dammit! And so I did. \"THE LADY TOOK THE BABY I KNOW SHE LOVES THE BABY BUT THE BABY HAS A DADDY AND HIS DADDY LOVES HIM TOO HOW COULD SHE TAKE THE BABY? MAYBE SHE'S GONE CRAZY SHE WON'T SHARE! IT'S NOT FAIR! THERE'S NOTHING I CAN DO!\" And I yelled it out again, louder this time. The next day, thank God for spring break, I was having a slumber party with Leah. But before I left, Dad and my step-mom Bren told me Grandma was staying here. I know this sounds a little stupid but Grandma is awesome. She gave me my first guitar for Christmas, my hamburger phone for my thirteenth birthday, and an old autographed poster of The Runaways in my Easter basket on Easter '02. She also took me to a Red Hot Chili Peppers (not my favorite but not bad) concert then told me that thing they used to do with the tube socks. And took me to my first rated R movie (and I was only ten years old)! And she promised to get me a tattoo like hers, a pixie on her left shoulder blade. When she came I hugged her and the first thing she said to me in my room when Dad and Bren weren't there was \"so, you wanna get that tattoo?\" \"actually, Grandma, I was going to Leah's for the night.\" \"oh. Well, we have all spring break.\" So I went to Leah's place and she was all like \"what took so long?\" And so I told her \"my grandma came.\" \"the one who smells like oatmeal and old perfume or the one with the pixie tattoo?\" \"the one with the tattoo which reminds me, she's gonna take me to get one just like hers sometime on the break.\" \"nice\" The next morning I got up and told Leah's mom that if Bren calls, I'm in the park with Bleaker. I kinda hope that Leah doesn't end up with a guy who gets up early. She's one of those people who look really ugly in the morning. Well, anyway, Bleaker and I were trying to write a song for our band when my cell phone started ringing. I picked it up. It was Bren. \"yeah, Bren, what is it?\" \"Juno, get your ass home, now.\" \"yeesh, Bren, wake up on the wrong side of the bed much?\" \"NOW, JUNO!\" I wanted to tell her I couldn't talk on a cell and ride a bike at the same time, but she knew that was bull shit. So I got on my bike and asked her what was wrong. \"it's your grandmother,\" Bren answered, \"she died in her sleep.\" \"Wha-?\" I was totally shocked. My feet stopped pedaling. My hands loosely clamped onto my cell and my left handlebar. I stopped breathing. All I heard was my pulse and that crunchy, staticky sound you hear on a phone when the person on the other end takes a deep breath. To this day, I still can't believe this happened; I hit a tree with my right shoulder and front wheel. \"oomph\" \"what the hell, Junebug? You okay?\" Bren asked. \"yeah, but my bike is totally bashed, I'm taking the bus.\" \"well hurry!\" then she started to whisper, \"your father really needs you\" That would make sense, Grandma was his mom. By the time I got home I was crying my eyes out. And when I came home I hugged my dad saying \"Grandma can't be dead, she was supposed to get me a tattoo. A pixie tattoo on my shoulder blade like hers.\" And Dad just hugged me back the way dads do. \"I know Junebug, I know.\" I realized I was acting like a five-year-old but I didn't give a shit. That night, when I was real tired and had to get some sleep, I went up to my room. Some of Grandma's stuff was still there, so I put her watch and shoes on. Her dentures were still in a glass of water so I spent fifteen minutes tapping it, watching the fake teeth bob up and down. It must have been three in the morning when I finally fell asleep. In my dream I was in the park and Grandma was right next to me. Without knowing it, I started to cry when I was hugging her. She patted me on the back going \"sh...sh...it's alright, everything's okay. Remember now, I got to live for eighty-six years, you don't have to cry for me. Now I need you to stop grieving for me so I can go to Heaven. And, for a man his age, your grandpa was cute when he passed!\" she tilted my head up a little, \"smile some, Junebug. Be tough. You know, your father thinks you get your voice from me. So sing your beautiful music because I'm singing with you.\" When I woke up I looked for (and found) a photo of her. I got a copy of it and cut her out. I bent the paper Grandma so she looked like she was sitting down. I taped a pair of paper angel wings to her back and taped her to a cardboard boat and I let it float on a river. \"bye, Grandma\" John was performing again so I came and told him that Grandma died. And with John's pity, I decided to write him another poem. Using a pen Grandma gave me, I jotted down what came to mind. Little bitty baby So far away We hope that you Can come home soon When we're not together Now or ever Always remember I love you It looked perfect. I gave it to John and he played it, surprisingly not as country but as an anti-folk thing, like I imagined. Little bitty baby So far away We hope that you Can come home soon When we're not together Now or ever Always remember I love you. I gave John a wadded up t-shirt to give to his baby when Mom stopped being such an idiot and came back with him. He un-wadded it and started to smile. I figured he would; I wanted to make it special so I used a huge Sharpie and wrote \"Juno McGruff loves me\" \"thanks, Juno\" ","Summary":" I know that there's so much shit happening in the Middle East, but sometimes, I feel like there's j"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Juno 2: To Infinite Immaturity And Beyond!","Author":"goddesskristen","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9859169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter 1: Happy 17th Birthday There was nothing being done to cover up my supposed 'surprise party'. Brenda was discreetly blowing up balloons in her room thinking I couldn't hear her. Dad was shifting through dusty cookbooks for a recipe dedicated to birthday cakes. And Liberty Bell was practically shouting from the rooftops saying that my party was a surprise and I wasn't mean to know it. Yep. Discreet the McGuffs are. It happened to be day before my party and I was walking in a supermarket with my best pal Leah. \"You know Juno, I've finally found a way for my airbags to deploy to full size,\" she informed me drawing glances from other shoppers. I was confused. \"And by that, you mean?\" \"My Bazooka Joes, of course,\" Leah replied. I think she was talking about her boobs but she could've been talking about her brain. You know what I'm saying; maybe she was talking about doing well in school and being intelligent and letting her brain grow with wisdom and knowlegde. \"My tits Juno, if you want to be frank.\" Cross intelligence off list, instead add 'implants'. \"Look Leah,\" I told her. \"Your boobs are perfectly fine, they don't need to grow any bigger. I mean, some women can't even fit through their shower doors because their bongos are too engorged.\" She laughed and replied; \"No, not that big but just bigger so men actually realized I have a rack.\" \"You know you go completely off topic. One minute we were talking about my evident surprise party, then about your grandmother's karaoke skills and now about your boobs!\" I yelled astonished. \"Besides Leah, you've gone out with some heaps of guys; remember Anthony Ryans?\" \"Yeah, then I found out that he was my third cousin, I can only thank to god we didn't kiss or anything,\" Leah said. \"Besides, Kevin would appreciate these if they were bigger.\" Here was her teacher fetish in the bombing zone. \"Kevin is a forty years old teacher! You're not even at a legal age to be with him.\" \"Yeah, but when I am, we'll be ready to take the first step,\" Leah replied dreamly. \"He's married!\" I yelled. Leah's face kinda transformed into the Monster from Green Lagoon then she turned normal and said; \"Anyway, I know how to get my boobs bigger.\" \"A way that doesn't involve having a collison with a truck?\" I muttered. \"What?\" \"Nothing. You were saying?\" \"The answer is the chicken from KFC! They practically pump hormones into those chicken that can put hormones into your body after consuming them and therefore resulting in Jugs replacing Mugs.\" I picked a Mars bar from the shelf and pocketed it. \"Fascinating. Hope it works out for you.\" I started walking towards the exit of the shop before Leah stopped me. In a low voice, she asked; \"Juno, aren't you supposed to pay for that?!\" I raised one eyebrow; \"When you've given birth at sixteen, we'll talk.\" \"But I'm already sevente -\" \"We'll talk..later, see you at the part-tay!\" Best Mars bar of my life. After school next day, my birthday, the day I came out of womb, the day my mom aimed and fired, whatever you want to call it, was the start of my surprise party. I opened the door and was greeted by a shout of 'SURPRISE!'. I did an Oscar-worthy impression of being surprised with my eyes wide open and my as wide open as I could (my fist could've fit in there). Dad, Brenda, Liberty Bell, Leah, Bleeker, and - who was that! She looked familiar with hair like mine and a face like mine and - (Shoked gasp) It was my Mum! \"Uh..hi, mum, it's great to see you.\" I faked happiness. Stupid cactus-mailing fungus face! \"Oh Junebug,\" she exclaimed. \"How could I miss this event?\" \"You missed every other birthday, can't imagine why this one would be different. Are they handing out free condoms so you have less children to abandon?\" \"Juno!\" my dad exclaimed. \"She has come here to make amends which I think is.. wonderful . \"Yeah...sunshine, lollipops and rainbows..\" I muttered. Bleeker was looking akwardly at the two of us before snapping his fingers. \"Now I finally realized why she looks so much like you, Juno!\" \"Great. Delayed reaction was too soon I think,\" I replied sarcastically. Brenda (thank god for Brenda), suddenly clapped her hands and said; \"Okay, settle down people. It's Juno party, okay, so friends and family and Juno's mum please sit down and I'll bring out the presents.\" I grudgingly sat down on the couch next to mum and watched Leah openly scratching her boobs. I pssted towards Leah who looked up and I mouthed; \"What's with the itching?\" To which she replied openly; \"This padding is really itchy. Maybe I should've bought polyester instead of sheep wool.\" \"Why would you buy a sheep wool bra padding?\" I asked with raised eyebrows. \"I guess the fantasy of lying naked in a meadow filled with sheep apeals to me. And then Kevin arrives with his shirt off and starts to -\" \"Present time!\", Bren yelled holding a pile of wraped packages. First present was from Leah who was clapping her hands in anticipation as I removed the wrapping. I gawped with happiness. \"Is this a...the signed giant guitar pick signed by Mick Jagger, Ringo Starr, Michael Stipe and Freddie Mercury?! The guitar in the display case at the Museum for sale. You bought if for me?\" \"Hells yeah and it wasn't cheap so I expect you to buy me a Ferrari for my next birthday,\" Leah replied happy. \"You got it,\" I replied before picking up the next package from Bleeker. It was shaped like a trapezium and quite big. I opened it and saw and gleaming blue Les Paul guitar in there. I was instantly remined of Mark from my pregnant period of destruction. But my eyes glazed with tears of joy. Bleeker who hadn't said a word to me at all finally spoke; \"It's not much but -\" \"Don't be a shithead and kiss me!\" I ordered before running off the couch and kissing Bleek for a full minute. Dad interrupted; \"That's fascinating and I've got a canoe in the garage but can we please continue?\" I put my two already favourite presents aside and picked up the next one. From my mum. I struggled not to chuck it through the window. I opened and saw that it was a 120GB iPod. \"Um..thanks!\" I was surprised to actually be grateful and I even reluctanly gave mum a hug. I saw that was the end of the presents and I turned my face towards dad; \"You forgot, didn't you?\" \"Look, I promise I'll get you a present tomorrow it you take out the garbage now, please Juno,\" Dad replied. \"Even on my birthday?\" I asked. \"Just put the garbage outside, please.\" I took the huge bag of trash from the kitchen and walked outside and saw a shiny red Corvette in the driveway. I screamed out loud and Dad ran and saw my look of happiness. \"You got me a car dad?! I love you so much.\" \"Um..no..that's just your mom's car but I suppose your present is over there.\" He said pointing in the opposite direction. I screamed even louder as I saw a brand new electric blue scooter. \"I love it so much more than a car!\" \"I know you do, sweetheart but as soon as you hit someone with it..well it's confiscated,\" Dad said firmly. \"Plus, I also got it so no more backseat conceptions could happen.\" \"Dad, I didn't have sex in a backseat of a car -\" \"That's nice dear.\" \" -I had it on a chair, remember that old -\" \"Do I hear them singing 'Happy Birthday'?\" \" -okay Dad you win, but it was on a chair and not the backseat!\" We both walked inside. I guess in a way (apart from my mum showing up) it was the best party ever. Little did I know that mum visiting and coming back into my life would result in a big problem! ","Summary":" Chapter 1: Happy 17th Birthday There was nothing being done to cover up my supposed 'surprise party"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Chance Meeting","Author":"Leiria","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9619189","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. They are borrowed and this story is based on a fantastic movie. I make no money from this. Juno went to go to the mall one day. She never expected what to stumble on what she found while she was there. Chance Meeting Juno didn't venture to the mall all that often anymore. Every time she did, she remembered the day when she'd bumped into Vanessa while she was still pregnant. It haunted her. It made her regret her decision to give up her son. There were still days when she would be sitting by herself in her bedroom and she would break down in tears. She had only one photograph of her son; one of the ultrasound pictures she had been given that day when her stepmother had made the ultrasound technician cry. That photograph was kept in a shoebox with other things that she had kept from those days. Necessity, however, had brought her to that very mall today. She couldn't help but retrace her steps and find herself looking down at the playground once more. She felt her heart stop when she saw Vanessa once again. This time, she was playing with a little boy who had Bleeker's hair and Juno's nose. Juno stepped up to the railing and gripped it as she looked down in shock. She never expected to see them again. The pain of losing her son gripped her heart as she watched how happy they seemed. The boy screamed and laughed as he made Vanessa chase him around the toys. Juno watched them, wondering if she would have been half as good a mother as Vanessa appeared to be. She winced when the little boy tripped and fell and began to cry. Vanessa gathered him up and carried him to the wall that surrounded the play area and set him down so she could check on his hands, knees, and face. She kissed every spot that had a scrape and by the time she was finished, the boy was smiling again. Vanessa gathered him up in her arms once more and started walking toward the escalator. Juno was frozen to the spot and didn't know what to do. She was torn between placing herself in Vanessa's path and getting as far away from them as she could. When she finally moved, it was too late. She turned and tried to get away because she knew she wouldn't be able to handle seeing them up close. When she turned, Vanessa gasped. \"Juno?\" she asked. Juno froze. She slowly nodded. \"Hey, Vanessa,\" she said. The boy had Bleeker's eyes. \"How's it going?\" Vanessa gave Juno an awkward smile. \"Good,\" she said. \"We're just getting some new clothes for Alex. He's going to start going to preschool in a couple of months so I just want to make sure we're prepared for it.\" Juno nodded. \"Wow, school already?\" she asked. She knew it was coming. \"Time really flies….\" Vanessa nodded. \"So how are you?\" she asked. Juno smiled. \"Good, good,\" she said. \"I uh…I just got a job at the newspaper. I'm going to be writing those articles in the back that no one ever reads, so that'll be fun. Um…Bleek and I are actually getting married in like a month, so it's really crazy, you know? It should be pretty cool though. We're going to have it at the park and our band's going to play for the reception and all that. I'm like totally stoked for it.\" Vanessa smiled brightly. \"That's fantastic,\" she said. \"I'm sure you two will be happy together.\" Juno smiled. \"Thanks,\" she said. \"So, uh…do you still talk to Mark?\" she asked. Vanessa sighed. \"No,\" she said. \"After the divorce was finalized, he moved to California and I haven't heard from him since. He doesn't want anything to do with us so he's trying to become Kurt Cobain.\" \"Wow,\" Juno said softly. \"Are there any potential second husbands?\" she asked. \"Or are you going to do the single-parent thing for a while longer?\" \"Um no, actually, there is a man at work that I've been seeing. He hasn't met Alex yet because I don't want to bring a lot of men around him in case they don't work out. I'm hopeful though. He seems really nice and he already has two of his own children from his first wife. She didn't want kids either, so we have a lot in common in that respect.\" Juno nodded. \"I hope it works out for you,\" she said. She looked at the boy on Vanessa's hip. He was so big. Perfect, really. Still perfect. \"He's big,\" she said softly. Vanessa nodded. \"Yeah,\" she said. She sighed. \"I should go,\" she said. \"We really shouldn't…\" \"Oh, totally,\" Juno said, plastering a smile back on her face. \"It was good to see you,\" she said. \"Good luck with the clothes.\" Vanessa nodded. \"You too,\" she said. \"And congratulations on the wedding.\" Juno nodded, turned around, and walked away as quickly as she could. She couldn't remember why she'd come to the mall in the first place, but she couldn't seem to leave fast enough. She raced out to her car, got into the driver's seat, and started to cry. She held her hands over her stomach and remembered the way he had felt inside of her womb. She'd tried to pretend that it wasn't that big of a deal, but seeing them, talking to them, seeing him, made her resolve crumble. \"GOD!\" she screamed before she hit the steering wheel. She reached into the bag on the seat beside her and dug her cell phone out of it. She flipped it open and scrolled through the contacts until she reached Bleeker's number. She called him before she was calm enough to say anything. When she put the phone up to her ear, she was still sobbing. \"Hey, Junebug,\" he said before he heard her crying. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"Where are you?\" \"The mall,\" Juno gasped. \"They were here.\" \"They?\" Bleeker asked. \"You mean the Lorings?\" \"No, I mean my deadbeat mom and her five kids; who else would I mean?\" Juno snapped. \"I'm on my way,\" Bleeker said. \"I'll be there in about five minutes.\" \"I'm in the car,\" Juno said. It was later that night while they were lying on the floor of their living room that Juno realized what seeing them had really done for her. The movie played above their heads, but neither of them were really interested in watching it. Bleeker was quiet, which was normal on days when their son was brought up. Juno wasn't sure how to even start the conversation. She sighed for the third time in less than ten minutes, which clued Bleeker into the fact that there was something heavy on her mind. \"What's wrong?\" he asked. \"Aside from today?\" Juno sighed. \"I want a baby,\" she said. \"One that we actually get to keep this time. Seeing them today made it really hit home for me. I want to do things right this time, Bleek. I want to start a family.\" \"Shouldn't we wait until after the wedding?\" Bleeker asked. \"I mean, the first time we had sex, you were pregnant right away, so we should probably wait at least that long. I hear it's easier the second time around…\" \"You know, I heard that too,\" Juno replied. \"I'm not saying that I want to get started right now,\" she said. \"I mean, I just got my job at the paper so I should probably be there for a little while before we actually start going on that front, you know, just to make sure that we can manage it and all. I'm just saying that I'm ready for a kid.\" \"What did he look like?\" Bleeker asked softly. Juno sighed and rolled onto her stomach. \"He looked like someone took you and me and mixed us up,\" she said. \"He had your hair and eyes, my nose…. He was perfect….\" Bleeker sighed. \"We'll start trying after the wedding,\" he promised her. \"This time, we'll do it right.\" 1 Year Later Juno looked down at the baby in her arms. She smiled brightly and kissed his forehead gently. \"Hi,\" she whispered. Bleeker reached over and smoothed the baby's hair back before he kissed Juno's cheek. \"He's perfect,\" he whispered in her ear. \"He's ours.\" Juno nodded before she looked over at the doorway of her hospital room. Her father stood in the doorway with a proud smile on his face. Bleeker took the que from his wife's expression and nodded to her before he walked passed his father-in-law. Mac walked in and sat down in the chair next to Juno's bed and put a hand on her shoulder before he brushed the hair from her forehead. \"How are you feeling, Junebug?\" he asked. Juno smiled at her father. \"Like I'm completely amazed, you know?\" she asked. \"I mean, I knew what the buildup was like, but now I'm actually here for the main event and it's like... wow, you know?\" she asked. Mac nodded. \"I do,\" he replied. \"I've been through it twice remember?\" he asked. \"Man, I remember the first time I held you,\" he said with a smile on his face. \"We were in the hospital and it was just your mom and I. You were fifteen minutes old,\" he continued. \"You just looked up at me with those big brown eyes of yours and I knew that you were going to change everything. You're going to go through a lot now, Juno. Nothing will ever be the same.\" He stood and kissed his daughter's forehead. \"I told you that you'd be back here on your terms some day.\" Juno looked down at her son as her father walked out of the room. \"Welcome to the world, Sid,\" she whispered. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: None of the characters belong to me. They are borrowed and this story is based on a fan"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Juno","Author":"nancykuz","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8572197","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Juno \"Hey Pauly, did you hear the sweet news? Our band is playing at The Java Chip tonight!\" At this point in my life, Pauly and the band are the two most important things to me. Sure, getting good grades in college is essential, but I'm pretty sure I'm just going to end up being a heating and air-conditioning specialist like my dad. Music is pretty important to me and with an awesome boyfriend like Pauly in my band, life can't get much better than this. \"No Juno, I didn't know that. Why doesn't anyone ever tell me anything?\" asked Pauly. \"Oh…well I just found out like two hours ago,\" I said to make Pauly feel better. I really found out three days ago. It's really easy to forget to tell him things. Maybe if he wasn't so quiet all the time I would remember. All of the sudden, I heard my phone ringing. I knew who it was right away since I was with Pauly and he's the only one who calls me. But sometimes, Vanessa gives me a call. Vanessa Loring is pretty much the coolest old person I know. She wanted a baby really badly and I had one that I didn't want, so I just gave mine to her. I don't know anything about the kid and I don't want to. It doesn't feel like mine, so I'm not interested. I still talk to Vanessa every now and then, but she never brings up the kid. I hear that she's doing great, though. She's one of those ladies that were born to be a mother. \"Hey Juno, I'm really sorry, but I can't make it to your show tonight.\" I heard Vanessa say through the phone, \"I have some legal stuff to work out with Mark up in the city.\" Oh, too bad. I was really looking forward to seeing her tonight. \"Oh, that's alright. I'm just sorry you have to see that jerk,\" I said. Mark is the dumbest adult I know. I still haven't forgiven him for leaving Vanessa right before I was about to have their baby. I didn't want my baby growing up in a broken family like everybody else's. Confused and scared, I decided to still give my baby to Vanessa. I had a feeling she would make a pretty rocking mom. And I was right. I didn't want it growing up around that haughty man. That was one of the best decisions I've ever made. \"Ha-ha! Good luck tonight! Bye.\" After I hung up with Vanessa, I looked up at the clock. Oh no. I was supposed to be at The Java Chip ten minutes ago. As I walked out of my dorm, I heard the crunching of the snow under my feet. I hate winter. Probably because three winters ago, I had to squeeze a whole baby out of me. It's just ruined all winters for me. As Pauly and I walked side by side he asked me, \"Juno…do you ever think about our kid? You know, like how it's doing or what it even looks like?\" \"No,\" I replied sternly. I was serious when I said I didn't want anything to do with it. \"But, we don't even know if it's a boy or a girl! Doesn't that seem odd to you?\" He sure was asking lots of question today. \"Pauly, can we talk about this later? You're ruining my mood for the jam later.\" Thank God he dropped it then. When we arrived at The Java Chip, our band was already there, waiting for us. \"Hey guys!\" I said. \"You're late…\" Anna said angrily. \"Yeah, so? Big deal! We're here now.\" I was not in the mood for Anna's bossiness. We then got up on the stage and played some of our favorites. There were only about ten people there, but that was enough for me. I just hoped Mark was being nice to Vanessa. Ugh, I hate that guy so much. After I got back to my dorm, I had a terrible headache, so I took a long, hot shower. It wasn't from the loud music; it was from Pauly's outrageous questions and Anna being the usual Anna. Once I was dressed in my monkey pajamas, I sat down to watch some TV. \"I am a vampire, I am a vampire…\" I heard my phone blasting. It was ringing again? I usually don't get that many calls. I looked down and saw it was an unknown number. \"Whatever, I'll just answer it,\" I thought. \"Hi, this is Jenna Hoard from Social Services. I am sorry to inform you that Ms. Loring has been in an accident,\" The lady said. \"What? What kind of accident? Is she alright?\" Ok…this was starting to scare me. \"She got in a car accident on her way up to the city tonight. I'm really sorry to say this, but she died shortly after the accident. Her child has nowhere to go and it says here…\" I heard papers rustling around. \"You're the biological mother.\" No! No, no! This was not happening. This kid won't go away! \"Isn't there someone else who can take care of it?\" I bawled into the phone, \"Mark! What about Mark? He's the father!\" I knew Mark wouldn't want to take care of it, but I had to ask. My whole life is falling apart. I've Vanessa and now I'm forced to take care of my kid who I got rid of for a reason! \"I already contacted him, ma'am. He doesn't want her.\" Her, she said her. I already knew too much. \"What do you mean he doesn't want her? He's her father!\" I knew he was too busy loving the bachelor life. \"I'm sorry…you're the last person she can go to before she goes into foster care.\" \"Well that doesn't sound so awful! She can find a nice foster family.\" Maybe this wasn't so bad after all. \"Well, it can be awful. The chances of her actually getting adopted are slim to none.\" I guess I would hate for my own kid to grow up in an orphanage, but I'm just not cut out for something like this. I feel bad that I'm the only chance for this kid. \"Ok…fine. I'll take it,\" I decided. \"Her. You'll take her.\" I decided Pauly better know about this. I wasn't doing this is by myself. I called him right away. \"Hey-o!\" he answered. \"Pauly…we need to talk,\" I said quietly. \"Oh no! You're pregnant again! Why does this keep happening? Are we keeping this one? Or are we…\" \"Pauly! I'm not pregnant! Vanessa has been in an accident and I'm going to be taking care of her child…err…our child,\" I knew he would not take the news nicely. \"Juno that's great! I mean, it's not great that Vanessa was in an accident, but I've always wanted a child with you!\" he said excitedly. Ok, that went better than I thought. I didn't realize he actually wanted a family with me. I mean, I knew he was totally in love with me but wanting a family? Now that's sweet. \"So…you're cool with this? Us being parents all of the sudden?\" \"Of course! When do we get it?\" Man, he really was excited. \"It's a girl. And the Social Services lady will be dropping her off tomorrow.\" Tomorrow is going to be the biggest day of my life. I instantly fell in love, when I looked down at the supple brown eyes staring at me confusedly; the way her brown tresses look so much like Pauly's hair and how her nose is so small, I feel like I could just pinch it right off. Poor girl, she has no idea who I am and I'm going to start trying to replace her marvelous mom, Vanessa. There's no way I could take her place. But I just couldn't let her go into foster care. \"Hi!\" I said in my normal voice, only an octave higher, \"My name is Juno. And we are going to have so much fun together!\" That only seemed to scare the kid even more. \"Juno, this is Belle. She isn't talking much now because she really is just scared and confused. But, I hear she's usually a jabber jaws. She loves to tell everyone that her mom named her after the band Belle and Sebastian. \" Belle, what a lovely name, seems to fit her extremely well. No if only I could just get her to say something… \"How old are you Belle?\" No reply. \"You have beautiful hair!\" Silence. \"I can't wait to spend lots of time with you and get to know you!\" Nothing. Not even a grin. This is going to be harder than I thought. Pauly and I spent the next two hours trying to get her to say something, but nothing worked. I even tried to bribe her with ice cream, chocolate, and popcorn. \"I give up. I can't do this. I'm just not the girl to be a mom.\" \"Nonsense!\" yelled Pauly, \"You are going to be an incredible mom. You just need a little practice. You have me, which is a plus.\" I can tell he's trying to cheer me up. It's not working. \"This was a bad idea. She'll be better off in foster care.\" I was giving up all optimism I had left in me. \"Juno you're talking like a crazy person! No child is better off in foster care! I know just what to do…I'll give Brenda a call and she can come help us out for awhile, ok?\" That does sound like a good idea. \"Ok, that's fine.\" I called her immediately. \"Brenda! I need your help. Remember what I told you about yesterday? Well, I'm kind of having a panic attack. Can I bring her over to your house for a while?\" \"Juno…I told you this wasn't a good idea.\" I knew I was going to get a lecture. \"You're not mature enough to take care of her.\" \"Listen, Brenda. I just need your help this one time. I know if you help me, I can be a great mother. Can you just take care of her for a few days so I can calm down get everything straightened out in my life? Please?\" I can't believe I'm to the point where I'm actually begging Brenda. \"Fine, but only for her. I'm doing this for her, not you. This was your mistake and you need to hand it like a mature adult.\" Blah, blah, blah. I love Brenda, but sometimes she just really gets under my skin. After I hung up with her, I put Belle in her car seat and drove off in my van. The drive there was awkwardly quiet. I was relieved when she finally fell asleep so I didn't have to try to make conversation. I can't believe a three-year old kid could stress me out this much. I was relieved when I finally pulled into the driveway of my old home. This place had so many memories. Pauly and the cross country team running by every morning, yelling at Bananas, the noisy dog next door, and playing my guitar on the front porch. As we walked up to the front door, I felt Belle reach for my hand, sparks ran up my arm. Maybe this wasn't going to be so bad. \"Hello!\" Brenda yelled in a too-happy tone. Never mind. It's still bad. \"Hi Belle! How are you?\" \"Good,\" Belle giggled. Oh, so I see how it is. She'll talk to Brenda just fine but not me! \"Ok, I have to go. I have class in the morning, I'm sorry I can't stay longer to visit.\" Brenda was sad but I really wanted to get back to Pauly. He always knew what to say when I was upset. When I was just about ten minutes from my dorm, I got a call from Brenda. What does she want? I left only two hours ago! \"Hello…\" I said unenthusiastically. \"I was just calling to tell you that Belle is doing great! She's such a good girl! I'll take care for her for however long you need me to!\" \"Thank you so much, Brenda. I should be able to pick her up in the next few days, or so but I'm going to still need your help regularly.\" \"That's fine, Juno! I just wanted to say that I'm sorry for yelling at you earlier. I can tell you're under a lot of stress and I probably wasn't helping. I'm here for you throughout this whole thing. You're going to be a wonderful mom. I have faith in you.\" \"Thank you, Brenda. I love you\" \"I love you too. Everything's going to be just fine.\" ","Summary":" Juno \"Hey Pauly, did you hear the sweet news? Our band is playing at The Java Chip tonight!\" At t"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Tire Swing","Author":"musicthea915","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7603029","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Tire Swing I watch my van pull up at eleven p.m. You needed to use it for your gig and asked to borrow it. I could've told you no but I want to be your friend. I watch you unload your crap from my van quietly. You don't want my parents to know you're using my car. I want to go out there and help but I can see you're not alone. That creepy groupie that always hung around after our sets is with you. Now you're telling her to put back the drums. That ' s right, bitch, those are my drums. She puts them back and closes the back doors. I see you run up to my window and knock three times, even though you can clearly see me. I open the window and grab my keys without a word. \"Thanks,\" you whisper breathlessly. I want to say 'You're welcome,' but the words never come out. I just shrug my shoulders and close my window. I watch you run back to the street and to your own car. I wish I didn't have that stupid van, so you wouldn't borrow it every time you have a gig. Why did my parents listen to me when I asked them to get me it? Why couldn't they be like normal parents and say no to my ridicules requests? They could've said no but I told them I would never ask them for anything again—a somewhat lie since I ask them for money all the time, but it's not my fault that they forget what they said. I hate that van. I'm thinking about crashing it so I don't have to look at it anymore. So I don't remember that that was where you broke up with me. I don't dwell on that. I go to my bed and fall on it face up. All my posters surround me and some pictures of us and our friends are scattered on the walls too. But there's one that I'm staring at now that I don't want anymore. It's the Polaroid that we took last year, right after we told our friends we were dating. It's from our first gig. You're in the front playing your guitar, Marilyn (after Manson not the actress that killed herself); I'm close to be back, behind my drums. Toby II is playing the bass and—even though you can barely see her—Toby girl's sing and trying to play her guitar. That was when I was a part of your band. That's before you broke up with me in my van. My cell starts to ring. I see Toby 1's picture flashing so I know it's you calling. I look at the phone like it's going to answer itself. I eventually pick it up and answer my usual way: \"City morgue.\" \"I'm trying to find a body,\" you reply. \"Name?\" \"My crappy set.\" \"Ouch, that bad?\" \"Words cannot even begin to explain. We bombed so badly we were booed off the stage.\" \"You were booed? What happened?\" \"Without a drummer, we learned we have no rhythm.\" You sigh. \"Since we're drummer-less we suck.\" I'm waiting for you to ask me back but it never comes. \"What are you going to do?\" I finally say since I can't ask to come back. You have to ask me back. \"Try to find someone…\" You're waiting for me to ask but I'm not. You have to ask me . There's a pause. I can hear your car engine in the background. I can't take the silence anymore. \"Well, good luck with that.\" I hear you breathe out heavily. You want me to me ask to come back but you were the one who told me to leave the band in the first place. You needed your space after our breakup and I said 'Sure, I'll leave'. But then months passed and you never asked me to come back. We both know what I'm looking for; at least I hope you do. \"I've got to go, Kimya.\" You say defeated. \"I'll see you at school.\" \"See you later,\" I say, trying to keep the anger out of my voice. We hang up and I want to slam my cell into the wall. But this is already my third cell, so I can't do that. My parents won't give me another one if I smash this one. I sit on my bed for awhile and look at the picture. I think it's mocking me. I give up on it and fall on my bed. I see the poster you got me after our first date. It's that horrible B-movie we say at the film fest. That horror movie that made no sense at all. I remember we laughed throughout the whole film and were even kicked out because we were laughing so much. You got me the poster so I could remember that night. Damn you and you wanting me to remember shit I'd rather forget right now. I listen to the quietness of my room and drift to sleep. At lunch I'm at a war path right to our table. You're there with Toby I, II, and . I got to the table and slap it hard. All of you look at me. \"Okay, two things: Joey stole another bike,\" I see you laugh. What I don't tell you is that it's your bike again. \"And, I need to get laid,\" I say angrily. I also say it loud enough that some people from other tables are staring at me too. I sit down and talk quieter. \"I had a sex dream last night.\" \"I'm leaving,\" Toby II says. I know he doesn't like when we talk about sex so at least I warned him. \"See you all later.\" \"With who?\" Toby asks. She loves gossip. \"Paul.\" You look at me. \"Not you, the other Paul.\" I see you think about who I mean. \"Asshole Paul.\" The light bulbs flash on for everyone at that moment. \"Ew…\" Both Toby's say. Nice Paul is confused and you're mortified. That ' s what happens when we break up , I want to say, I have sex dreams about Asshole Paul. Asshole Paul is the last person I should ever have sex dreams about since he makes fun of everyone all day long, him and that bitch Jenn. At least we have Shawn to protect us. But I should be thinking about you, even though we've never had sex. I have seen all of you though and I think you remember. Let's just say you have a lot going on. \"We need to find you someone,\" Toby says while she fights the images of me having sex with any one back. She then adds, \"Quickly.\" At that everyone turns to you—I was staring at you before that, so I don't count. \"I'm not doing it,\" you simply say and take a drink of your milk. \"We broke up remember?\" Toby I clears his throat. \"I would help but all the guys that'll be perfect for you have a small flaw.\" \"Which is?\" Toby and I ask. \"They're gay.\" I roll my eyes. Of course. The person who has perfect matches for me is also the gay one, who is almost exactly like me. \"Well, thanks for trying.\" \"Do you know anyone?\" Toby asks you. You shake your head. Of course you won ' t. \"Maybe Toby II will.\" She gets up from the table. \"I'll see you later.\" And with that runs out of the cafeteria. I need to ask you something so I give Toby I a look and he gets what I want. \"I'm going to the library? I need to check out a book.\" When he leaves, we are finally alone. \"So…Who was that girl yesterday?\" I ask finally taking my lunch out of my bag. \"What girl?\" I look at you. \"The one you were giving that ride to.\" \"I wasn't giving a ride to any girl.\" I'm getting angry but I'm trying to keep cool. I pull out my food and then look at you. \"Then who was that girl who was helping you, last night?\" \"That was Toby.\" You are starting to sound irritated. \"No it wasn't!\" I yell and the cafeteria goes quiet. I take a breath and talk softer. \"It was that weird groupie who was at all of our gigs.\" \"So what if it was?\" You ask angrily. \"I can't give her a ride home?\" \"Not in my van, you can't.\" \"I didn't give her a ride home; I gave her a ride to your house. There's a difference.\" \"Don't go all technical on me!\" I growl. I will win this round of our fight. \"Why are you hanging out with her? Are you dating her?\" \"And what if I am? Why should it bother you? We broke up, remember?\" We are silent for a while. Neither of us are moving. I start to put my food back in my paper bag. \"You can't borrow my van anymore.\" I say as I'm slamming the bag in my backpack. \"Fine,\" you say and walk away from the table, leaving your tray behind. I turn to leave but I want the last line. \"And throw your trash away, asshole!\" You continue to walk away like nothing happened. But I can see that you're shaking your head. I know I've lost the round, and it sucks. The whole day I'm furious. So furious in fact that I yelled at some poor freshmen that accidently bumped into me. He didn't deserve that and yet it made me fell a little better. When I got home, I opened the door and shouted at the top of my lungs. The only reason I did it was because I knew I'd be alone. \"Kimya? What's wrong?\" My mother asks, running from the kitchen. \"Nothing,\" I say somewhat embarrassed that someone was there. \"What are you doing home so early?\" \"Just wanted to.\" She says. \"Is that a problem?\" After I told her that we broke up, my mom thought I was going to off myself or something. \"No problem. I'm going to my room.\" Before I leave the room, I hear my mom say something about me recommending another book to her co-worker, Scott—or as I like to call him, Scotty. I run off and try to forget about my day. You don't make it easy, since most of the things in my room are things you gave me. I fall onto my bed face first and hope that God strikes me down. That would be the best end to my day. I get up, remembering that stupid picture of us. I go over to the Polaroid and pulled it off the wall. I think about tearing it but I just can't. I throw it on the ground and fall back onto my bed. I then feel my phone vibrating in my front pocket, and I can hear the weird noise it's causing in my bed. I don't care who it is but the vibration is starting to feel really weird. I get up again and pull my phone out of my pocket. Toby I's staring up at me. I consider not answering it but I just can't do that to you. \"City…\" is all you let me say. \"We need a drummer.\" You say forcefully. I'm silent for a while. \"Are you there?\" You ask. The forceful tone is still in your voice. \"I'm here,\" I say blinking rapidly as I talk. \"We need a drummer,\" you repeat. \"Are you asking me?\" \"Yes,\" your voice is softer. \"Can you actually ask me?\" \"Why do I need to ask you to…?\" \"Just do it. You're the one that asked me to leave, so I want you to ask me to come back.\" I hear you sigh over the phone. \"Will you come back to the band?\" You ask it awkwardly, like you want to ask yourself the question and not me. \"Thank you.\" \"Will you?\" \"I gave you my answer already.\" \"When?\" \"When I told you you couldn't use my van.\" You're silent. I can hear the TV show you're watching. \"And?\" \"Yeah, I'll go back.\" I hear you breathe into the phone relieved. \"Great!\" You shout into the phone. \"That'll be great.\" I laugh despite myself. \"Sucked that much?\" \"Oh, yeah!\" You laugh. \"That weird groupie tried to play and she was really bad.\" \"Why did you let her in the first place?\" I'm angry again. \"Calm down.\" I take a breath. \"She said you sucked as a drummer and to prove her wrong, we made her play with us.\" \"And?\" I was very interested. \"She was so off beat we didn't know what the hell was going on.\" You laugh as you talk. \"That's why we were booed off the stage.\" \"So, no more weird groupie at our gigs?\" \"I hope not.\" I fall on my bed and laugh. I'm so happy. And I'm in the band again. \"So…when's practice?\" \"Tomorrow,\" you say smoothly. There's a silence that we both reach that makes me uncomfortable. I have to fill it. \"Are you dating anyone?\" More silence. \"No, are you?\" \"Would I have had a sex dream about Asshole Paul if I was?\" \"I guess not.\" Even more silence. \"Well I have to go.\" I say. \"Yeah me too.\" \"See you tomorrow.\" \"Yeah…And Kimya?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Why didn't you tell me that Joey stole my bike? I had to walk home today because of that.\" I'm silent for a short time. I say the only thing that comes to my mind. \"Joey never met a bike that he didn't wanna ride.\" You laugh a pity laugh. \"That's weak.\" \"I know,\" I laugh too, \"but it's true.\" \"Hey, before you hang up, do you still have that tire swing?\" \"Yeah, why?\" \"You wanna go swinging? I'll push.\" I laugh. \"Sure.\" I laugh again a little harder. \"Maybe you'll sing to me like Paul Baribeau.\" \"Wrong last name.\" \"I know. Come on over and I'll tell you about my dream.\" \"Your sex dream? Tell me now.\" \"I give you a summery.\" I switched hands so I could get comfortable. \"I had to drive to Madison and deliver a painting.\" \"Okay…Weird.\" \"I know. I don't know why I was doing it, but anyway, somehow I wound up in Michigan.\" \"Where does the sex part of your dream come in?\" \"I'm getting to it. Zip your pants.\" \"Zipping.\" \"There was a tire swing and I saw Asshole Paul and…\" \"Oh…\" \"Yeah…\" \"That is weird. At least you had sex.\" We share a laugh. \"I'll be over soon.\" \"Cool. And Paul?\" \"Yeah?\" \"It's good to see we're still friends.\" \"I know. Maybe it'll work out this time.\" \"Maybe.\" ","Summary":" Tire Swing I watch my van pull up at eleven p.m. You needed to use it for your gig and asked to bor"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Affinity","Author":"Nirav","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5442137","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Theynwere the pair that no one could ever quite make sense of. ThenCautionary Whale and the Cheerleader Slut, That Strange Indie-RocknKid and That Girl Who's Banging the Math Teacher. Juno and Leah. nThe best friends that no one would ever think would actually be bestnfriends. Junonhad pondered it many a time. It had crossed her mind briefly for thenfirst time when she'd paced around her room, fingers tappingnnervously against that ridiculous hamburger phone, as baffled aboutnwhy a mainstream popularity-obsessed attention whore like Leah wasnher best friend and first one on the list of people to tell aboutnthat unholy little pink plus sign on the pregnancy test as she wasnabout what to do regarding said symbol of unholiness. If she had antype, she thought idly as she dialed Leah's number, she wouldn'tnthink Leah would fit into it. Juno was, after all, That StrangenIndi-Rock Kid, the one who pulled off snark and sarcasm and whatnwould be corny graphic tees on anyone else without a hitch, thenstrange short girl in the hallways who shunned the cool in favor ofncreating her own cool—really, she was just one more cliché in thencliché that was high school classification systems (though she likednto think that she created an unprecedented and interesting enoughnblend of about seventeen thousand different subcultures to make her annon-cliché anyways). But her cliché and Leah's cliché, theynweren't the type to mix. Because Leah liked to trounce around inntiny little gym shorts and too-tight shirts that shoved her cleavagenout for the world to see, and liked to sleep with overweight beardedngeometry teachers who were too dazed at the thought of theirnCheerleaders XXX porn flicks coming to life to worry about the factnthat they could go to jail for a taste of the bouncy and flirtatiousnLeah. Juno should be sitting alone at lunch—or possibly withnBleeker—mocking the ridiculous antics of someone like Leah insteadnof sitting with Leah and simply rolling her eyes indulgently at saidnridiculous antics. She couldn't quitenremember when or how they'd become friends—best friends, no less,nthough in her unconscious desperation for quirkiness Juno shunned thenterm \"best friends\" for other quirkier parallels like \"heteronlife mate\" or some such. It just seemed like it kind of always hadnbeen . Shouldn't really have been, but was anyways, thenCautionary Whale and the Cheerleader Slut. They had their separatenlives of Cool Musical Nerdiness and Popular Party Girl, respectively,nbut always wound up eating lunch together, bumming around town afternschool together, watching insane horror movies to the wee hours ofnSunday morning after retiring to Juno's room because there wasnnothing to do but go hang out at the 7-11 and watch jocks try to beatnup skater punks on a Saturday night. And when Juno found out thatnshe had the spawn of socially challenged but inexplicably awesomenPaulie Bleeker growing in her uterus, the first person she thought tontell wasn't the producer of said spawn, but rather…Leah. As she had beenndelivering her baby, Bren and Leah on either side of her fornencouragement and comfort, it had been Leah's hand she heldntighter. Though Bren knew more of what she was talking about—notnhard, since Leah's comments tended to fall more along the lines ofna twelve year old boy's while watching a slasher flick—it wasnLeah who Juno looked to when she felt like the spawn was trying tonpull her entire stomach out through her uterus with him, Leah whonquieted for a few moments each time Juno clamped down on her hand andnoffered a rare genuine smile and a nod of encouragement, Leah who wasnthe first to really understand why Juno felt so broken after thenbirth. It wasn't at giving up her son , because she knewnthat she didn't want a child at sixteen, but at the factnthat—though she would never, ever, ever admit it aloud, because shenknew it was selfish and wrong —she was giving him up becausenshe was really just like every single other sixteen year old girl innthe country who got pregnant: Not Ready To Have A Child. Leah knewnJuno well enough to recognize that spark of defeat in her shortnfriend, which only materialized in her tired eyes for a split secondnas the doctor carried the baby out of the room and into the forevernwaiting arms of Vanessa Loring, knowing that even though Juno didn'tnconsciously try to be so quirky and unique, she unconsciously did try that hard. Being one more sixteen year old who gave her child upnfor adoption made her a statistic, a number, one of thousands ofnpeople who were just like her . And really, even though Junonwouldn't even admit as much to herself, that was one of herngreatest fears—and Leah was the only one who knew her well enoughnto understand that. And so Leah was the one who got her through thenpregnancy, and the labor, and her continually rocky romance withnBleeker, and, most importantly, through the hours between the spawnnpopping out and Bleeker showing up from his track meet. Juno could laugh lightly at it and shrug it off and say that Leah hadnsimply known her long enough to accumulate enough blackmail materialnfor Juno to need to stay on her good side, but it wasn't like that.n Even if they were two clichés who weren't supposed to mix, theyndid. Because Leah was smarter than everyone gave her credit for, andnLeah knew Juno, and that was just how it was. And so, Juno didn'tngo to the coast with Bleeker the week after school let out when heninvited her. Instead, she spent the week in a shoddy hotel in thennext town over with Leah, watching gory horror movies and unhealthynamounts of really bad porn, living on Slurpees from the gas stationnnext door and vending machine candy, while Leah made fun of Juno'snmusical obsessions and Juno threw pillows at Leah while making snidencomments about Leah banging the geometry teacher. And for the firstntime since she'd watched that doctor carry her son out of her lifenfor forever, she felt like a whole person again. ","Summary":" Theynwere the pair that no one could ever quite make sense of. ThenCautionary Whale and the Cheerle"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Irregardless and The Like","Author":"OddlyOptimistic","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5349395","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Ugh, again??\" i frustratedly said under my breath as i rubbed the sore on my hand that looked like it could bleed at any moment. I swore under my breath and slammed the guitar on my bed, carefully avoiding the floor for obvious reasons. I picked up the recently snapped string and threw it along with the guitar. I sat next to the guitar and gently patted its body, \"Sorry..\" I sputtered awkwardly. \"Puppy!\" I heard my mom call me from downstairs, \"Time for dinner!\" I groaned at the use of her nick name (or pet name as she liked to so quaintly put it, pun intended) for me. Sure i was spiteful about it, but what teenager wouldn't be? \"You know what you should call her?\" I heard Juno's voice ring out in my head, \"Calf! haha get it? cuz she's a cow!\" I laughed now, but then I had gulped and taken another hit of Tic-Tac. Yeah, that's the stuff. \"Be right down mom!\" I shouted. I quickly found a replacement string for my guitar and tuned it up before slinging it on my back and walking downstairs. After a repulsively unsatisfied meal, I walked out into the brisk October air, guitar on back, and straddled my bike. The sun was going down and i knew Juno would be mad...although she never stayed mad for more than a few seconds. At me anyway. A lot of people would assume that if two people have a baby at such a young age, it would tear them apart. Not if it's the right person. I think Juno is that right person. This only brought us so much closer together, and although it may sound odd, I'm actually glad this happened. June and I never would have found this connection without it happening. And even though it was a year ago when she had him...I still keep thinking back to that day in the hospital room, laying next to Juno, and feeling her tremble out of pain, fear, anxiety, and D all of the above. Feeling her heartbeat and knowing for the first time in just short of 9 months that everything was going to be ok. I got to Juno's house at around 6:30 and started walking up to her door. I felt a chill so i zipped up my jacket, quite foolishly, knowing full well that i would be inside momentarily. I knocked on the door with stiff fingers and shifted my weight from foot to foot. Brenda answered. I opened my mouth to speak and she just had that trademark quirky smile on and turned around and called out, \"Juno! Paulie's here\" \"BLEAK!\" I heard Juno cry out and tear down the stairs, wrapping me in a hug that knocked me back out the door i had just recently entered. I felt nervous that i would fall on my guitar, but she was careful not to knock me over. She kissed me briefly and i saw Brenda's eyes roll playfully as she smiled and laughed. June led me to her room and immediately picked up her guitar. \"So what's on the agenda for today?\" she asked, not taking her eyes of the frets as she fingered a G chord (our favorite) \"I dunno,\" I wheezed, taking a moment to cough, \"We could work on that new song, what was it...Sunshine on Rooftops\" Juno smiled, \"Yeah i like that one, plus it needs some fine-tuning in the bridge.\" So we practiced for about two hours. Then we put down our guitars and didn't break each other's stare. I stood up from my perch leaned against the wall on her floor. Her eyes still locked me in a tempting gaze, she shifted her knees together and bit her lip. I took a slow step forward and laid a hand on the back of her neck and stood her up. I looked down at her as she wrapped two arms around my head and drew me towards her. Goosebumps traveled down my spine as my knees got week. I felt her warmth in front of me and it seemed as though i was floating in a stream of bliss, one that had a mouth that opened into a gulf of serenity. I pulled her away from me and wrote those words down in her lyrics book, then i continued to kiss her, only after she had put on an old Iggy Pop record. as Blah-Blah-Blah played we shared a kiss that was both seemingly endless and far too short. Just when we started to get into it my cell phone rang. \"Hello?\" I answered as Juno begged with puppy-dog eyes for me to hang up \"Paulie, it is eight thirty!\" I heard my mom say through the cell phone's considerably cheap speaker. Juno rolled her eyes and mouthed the words \"Carole\" as she laid on the bed and started to toss a ball in the air. \"You have to study for your upcoming tests!\" I agreed and told her I'd be home soon even though I had no tests soon. I hung up and looked at Juno. She already knew. She sat up and kissed me just like before. It was all i could do to pull away. \"Good night, June, I'll see you tomorrow\" \"You bet, Bleak, don't hurt yourself on the way out,\" she said, smirking, referring to a time when i turned only to run directly into the door frame. \"Yeah..that's funny,\" I replied dryly as i turned, only to, take a guess, have an unfortunate accident involving door frames. Juno's laughter could be heard down the street. ","Summary":" \"Ugh, again??\" i frustratedly said under my breath as i rubbed the sore on my hand that looked li"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Father Of My Word!","Author":"TheGrandDisciple","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8674870","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I do not own Juno. I'm just writing my first fan fic about it After my irresponsible daughter, my first baby girl Juno, had given birth to a beautiful baby boy and gave him up for adoption, I came in to see her. I was so proud of her for making such a big and responsible decision, that damn wimpy Bleeker kid came in. I once told my wife Brenda that if I saw him I would punch him in the wiener. I didn't do that, but I did roughly pat him on the shoulders to let him know I was anything but pleased with him. I watched as he climbed onto the bed with her and held her, still wearing that goofy track running get up. I looked on in amazement to realize that my June Bug and that Bleeker kid were truly in love. Who else would still be together after such a harsh decision that he had no say so in? I was happy so I left to go check on my ditzy five year old daughter Liberty Bell. It was the funniest thing, she told me \"The Bleeker idiot is here.\" And she giggled. So did I. It's strange how you can be on the same wave length as you kid. Surprisingly I was rather relieved and happy to see my daughter happy even while sad. Teenagers are a strange bunch. But then you see so much of yourself within them. When it came time to leave the hospital I decided I'd walk home. While I was walking past the orchard I saw that Bleeker kid. He stopped in tracks when he saw me and tried to casually pass me by. He finally turned around and asked me if I was mad at him. I took the moment and went with it. I walked up him and placed my hands on his shoulders again and took a depth breath. \"Bleeker…,\" I said to him, \"You got my oldest daughter pregnant and forced her to make a rough decision. But she made the right one which has redeemed you. But I do owe you something dear boy.\" He asked me, \"What is it you owe me?\" with that goofy expression. I smiled and I punched the Bleeker kid right in the wiener. As hard as I could. So hard his eyes rolled in the back of his head faster than my ex-wife rolled out of this town. I walked the rest of the way home with a smile of satisfaction that I'll never forget. To this day I still laugh about it. You see, I'm a man of my word. I gave my word that I would do it and I kept it. You see, I never promised my wife Brenda that I wouldn't do it! Hahahaha. I kept that smile of satisfaction. To this day as a matter of fact. I kept it, Even when June Bug walked down the aisle with him. To the day he still won't completely face me. I remember that now as I look at her back here in the delivery room. This time on her own terms. This time… I'm ready and proud to be a pop pop. And her, ready to be a mother. Hopefully, L.B. learned from all this. ","Summary":" I do not own Juno. I'm just writing my first fan fic about it After my irresponsible daughter, my f"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Por Franklin D Roosevelt","Author":"Kryptonita","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8927356","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: La película \" Juno\" pertenece a Jason Reitman y a Diablo Cody (respectivamente). La primera frase que dice Juno, además, está sacada literalmente de la película. Notas de la autora: Esta viñeta no es más que el resultado de una mente saturada de ideas absurdas tras un vacío temporal de exámenes. Disculpen las molestias. También me emociona decir que este fic acaba con la virginidad del fandom español de Juno, jijiji. — Por Franklin D. Roosevelt— A cerca sus labios al cristal del escaparate, empañándolo. Le huele el aliento a soda y a perritos calientes. Para confirmarlo, se lleva las manos a la boca y exhala: sí, huele a soda y a perritos. Y mataría por otro de esos perritos con extra de cebolla y mostaza picante por encima porque se ha quedado con hambre, a pesar de haber comido el doble que Bleeker. Incluso podría romper con las leyes de la lógica y añadirle lechuga en vez de cebolla al perrito. Comer verde es comer sano , diría su padre. ¿Y si a las hamburguesas se les añade una ración exagerada de lechuga y tomate para ocultar su alto nivel de grasas, por qué no hacer lo mismo con los perritos calientes? Te vas a poner como una vaca como sigas comiendo tanto, Juno , se había burlado Bleeker. Y, en vez de leche, segregaré ketchup y mostaza por mis tetas , y ella le había seguido la broma. Mataría, por supuesto, porque el fajo de billetes verdes que guarda en los bolsillos de sus desgastados pantalones son para la guitarra que le hace guiños -metafóricamente hablando, claro- desde el escaparate. Se imagina a sí misma con ella en las manos en medio del escenario y, ¡quién sabe!, quizás alguien le tire sus calzoncillos en medio del concierto mientras miles de mecheros se alzan en la sala, iluminándola como si fueran luciérnagas. Quizás ella chille y parta el mástil de su guitarra al final de la función, creyéndose Steve Jones. Bleeker también mira la guitarra, pero con el ceño fruncido. Él es más realista, siempre con los pies en la tierra. Juno cree saber lo que se le está pasando por la cabeza a su amigo: que es un sueño inalcanzable. Que, a lo mejor, debería guardarse ese dinero que lleva en los bolsillos en la hucha con forma de cerdito e ir ahorrando para la Universidad. Que si rompe el mástil al final de un concierto por la euforia, cuando ésta se le pase, vendrán las lágrimas y los \"que tonta he sido, que tonta he sido, joder\". Que debería bajar de las nubes de una vez y pensar en un futuro más prometedor, no como guitarrista sino algo más...más convencional. Puede que de genetista en una importante empresa neoyorquina en la que acabe creando un mutante que se convierta en un superhéroe. No, eso no. Algo más sencillo. Secretaria. Las secretarias tienen una vida sencilla, a no ser que conozcan a un multimillonario con aires de actor porno con el que se acaben casando. Juno suspira y niega varias veces con la cabeza. Al fin y al cabo , piensa, hay una probabilidad de un 2% para que logre ser alguien como Kurt Cobain y un 98% para que no lo logre. Obviamente, los porcentajes se los ha inventado, pero siente que si se dice eso a sí misma acabará apartando los morros del escaparate y olvidándose de esa fantasía tan disparatada. Todos sus sueños se caracterizan por tener ese punto inflexible de irracionalidad. Aunque , se dice, así son los sueños, ¿no? Pero, de repente, Bleeker la pregunta: —¿Cómo la llamarías? Y eso la pilla totalmente desprevenida. Porque justo cuando pensaba renunciar por completo a comprar la guitarra, Bleeker le da un empujón silencioso y la anima a seguir adelante con la idea. Él se vuelve para mirarla y sonríe. Y Juno le devuelve la sonrisa. Una sonrisa amplia que hace que Bleeker se ponga como un tomate al contemplarla. —Pues...estaba pensando llamarla Roosevelt, pero por Franklin, no por Ted. Franklin era el guaperas con polio. —Lo sé, pero me sorprende que tú sepas eso. Normalmente te duermes en clase de historia. —Normalmente —corrobora ella—. Pero eso es porque cada vez que el profesor abre la boca, siento como si me inyectara un somnífero, ¿sabes?. Y no puedo evitar quedarme dormida. No es culpa mía que él sea un sedante andante. —Ya...—Bleeker se ríe—. Quieres...emm...¿quieres que entremos y echemos un vistazo a todas las guitarras? O,¿te quedas con esa? —dice, señalando a la del escaparate. Juno se muerde los labios. Se lleva una mano a la barbilla y se la rasca con un aire tan meditabundo que podría superar al mismísimo Pensador de Rodin. Al final, opta por escudarse en una sonrisa enigmática y en un \"¡Oh, ya verás!\"antes de entrar en la tienda. Pero a Paulie Bleeker no le engaña: sabe que acabará comprando la guitarra del escaparate porque es la más barata de toda la tienda y porque lleva media hora babeando por ella. Juno es como un libro abierto para él, sin duda. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: La película \" Juno\" pertenece a Jason Reitman y a Diablo Cody (respectivamente). La p"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"And So It Was","Author":"Pozoe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7714054","Passage":"[Chapter 1] It happens gradually, somehow without either of you noticing it. You have absolutely no idea how or why, but somehow, some way, it does. At first, there are just little things, feelings too vague and insignificant for you to register what they might mean. The two of you will be lying flat on her bed, face up, and you'll be laughing at something she says. The back of her hand will brush against yours as she turns to face you, her bright, wide smile spreading a warmth inside you that you haven't felt in a while. Not since you realized the consequences of your whole little… shenanigan with Paulie Bleaker, and then the fact that there's now a baby growing inside of you, this fragile, growing life that you know you'll never be adequate enough to take care of. Maybe you should have known what was going on right away, at that exact moment. But since when had Leah making you happy been something that should arouse suspicion? Maybe you should have known, but you didn't. It was a mistake, that night with Paulie was, a really stupid one, but in that moment, you still hadn't realized just how stupid it really was. \"Hey, preggers, you gonna get up off your ass sometime this year, or what? We've got shit to do, you know.\" You moan and something hard nudges your side. \"Let's go, Juno that totally rhymed we gotta find this kid of yours, like, a mom or something. Know what I mean?\" It takes the two of you using all of your combined brain cells almost an hour to find a decent match or, rather, a couple that doesn't sound like they could potentially be a pair of psychopaths. You find the couple, honest to God, in the Penny Savers section of the local newspaper, which is somewhat unsettling. You find a way to reason with yourself, though, to settle the guilt automatically associated with not caring enough about your unborn baby. It doesn't really matter, you think. Once this thing is born and papers are signed, the kid isn't actually mine anymore, right? Leah gets the number and address down on the palm of her hand, and as she's doing so, you allow yourself to get caught up in those deadly uncertainties . It occurs to you that maybe these people aren't exactly the best people around, that maybe they're nothing more than two kiss-ass liars who know how to put the tears in sob story. While \"Educated, successful couple wishes to adopt\" isn't exactly the worst of the lot, you wonder educated how educated and successful they can possibly be if they're using newspaper ads in order to adopt. Then Leah turns to you and catches your gaze. She's got that look in her eyes that prevents you from looking away until she does. When she smiles at you, something drops in your stomach and gives off this warm, affectionate feeling deep in your gut, to which your mind screams, Gross. Fuck no, Juno, you are so not one of those ridiculous, lovesick losers. But you honestly can't help it. It's this smile that you never really see on her face when she's looking at anyone other than you, except for maybe her prom date that one year, but he had turned out to be an idiot. Suddenly, she's got a hold of your hand, and the tips of her fingers are running up and down yours, tracing over your veins. The motion is uncharacteristically sweet of her, and in all honestly, you kind of like it. \"It'll work out, kid, promise. This baby is gonna have some goddamn good parents. For real. \" And the crazy thing is, you're not really sure why, but, you believe her instantly. Your body is flooded with this intense relief that quickly overcomes your anxiety. The idea that she can do that to you, make you feel so incredibly calm when just seconds ago, nerves were coursing through you, driving you insane that in itself is somewhat troubling to you, but you don't want to worry anymore. You allow yourself to become completely absorbed in her presence, and when she yanks you off the bench and starts tugging you towards the slide, you let her. When she tricks you into standing in front of the slide only to shove you down a second later, you laugh instead of gnawing your lip off worrying about whether the jolt of falling could have possibly affected the baby. You let her lead you by the hand away from the park half an hour later, when you're pretty sure the tip of your nose is suffering from frost bite. And when she doesn't let go even after you've left the park and are heading towards the van, you swallow the sarcastic remark you have prepared a tactic devised in order to call attention to the situation, while diverging any awkwardness and instead, take it for what it is. You reason with yourself that it makes sense, because it's cold outside and, Jesus, the frostbite is going to spread and then the you'll have to amputate all of your limbs and you'll be left with just your torso and head and that would be pretty suckish because it would totally ruin the whole being a kraken from the sea thing. It makes perfect sense. In fact, everything makes sense. From the way her laugh makes your stomach drop you're hungry or something, probably and how your heart starts to race whenever her face gets the slightest bit close to yours it's been months since anyone has kissed you, and that Bleeker kid was too well experienced in sucking Tic Tacs and not sufficiently experienced in kissing you for him to even count. No matter what the excuse, it all adds up to the one thing that you know for sure: You are not attracted to her. She's your best friend, for Christ's sake, and anyway, you just don't swing that way. Girls are hot and all, but you are all for the dudes. Even the Paulie Bleeker brand of dudes, which, come to think of it, probably aren't the straightest dudes around. And if Bleeker isn't straight, maybe you're not straight either because, hello, you had sex with him; you're having his kid. And, oh shit, you're back at the beginning, the beginning of this never-ending cycle of denial which leads you to you discover the fact that you have acknowledged your denial, hence, acknowledging the fact that you have something to deny in the first place i.e., liking this stupid, ridiculous, totally hot chick. Jesus Christ. It's two A.M and you've spent the past hour puking your guts out. You feel like absolute shit, and you really, really want some company but no one is home. You're starting to think that this whole pregnancy thing is more trouble than it's worth, and you're not even keeping the kid. And then, all of a sudden, she's just there. It's not even some sort of creepy, best friend telepathy or anything. It's just pure coincidence, actually. From what you gather, Leah's been going around playing designated driver for some kids at a party, and, in her eyes, a night spent sober when there's an abundance of alcohol around is a ruined night, which leads to her stopping at your house in an attempt to make something out of the last few hours. Whatever it is, you don't care because now there's a soft, warm body wrapped into your side, and just a minute ago, there wasn't. She smells pretty good, too, actually. All clean and like laundry detergent and other soft things and, damn, she keeps just stopping in the middle of all her random stories to look up at you and smile in that really loving way. The one she occasionally shoots you at random that reminds you she actually loves you. And, you really don't want your thoughts getting anymore twisted than they already are but, you'll be damned if your heart doesn't give this little jolt every single time she does it. You probably shouldn't have, but it's much too late now, with your knee wedged between her thighs and your arm draped across her stomach. You remember waking up at three AM in pain, and not being able to fall back asleep. You remember a tentative arm slowly sliding across her abdomen and you're also pretty certain that somewhere along there, you pressed yourself against her back, or at least you know you must have, because that's how you are now. You're pretty sure this is something that shouldn't be happening, but it's definitely too late now. And then it happens, out of nowhere. You've spent the day uncharacteristically going off on several tangents about things that could never possibly happen, but scare the fuck out of you nonetheless. Honestly, though, how could you not be worried when one in four million babies are born with a completely full set of teeth? What kind of vampiric bullshit is that? Leah has dutifully listened to every single one of them, and kept her sarcastic responses to a minimum, which you're grateful for. Juno flip-outs don't happen very often, but when they do, it's best that there is no one around counteracting them and, consequently, fueling them. It's when you start going on about whether or not the seaweed in sushi is safe for babies, and that scientists should do a scientific thing about that, she stops you. Grabs you by the face, one hand on each side, and pulls you close to her. On impulse, your stomach drops and your breathing is suddenly falling a bit quicker, as though your body has any right to do such a ridiculous thing. She's only a person, for Christ's sake. \"Juno. Stop.\" It's all she says, but it's all she needs to, partly because the look on her face stops you right away, but partly because you're paying more attention to the fact that her lips are suddenly closer to yours than they've ever really been before. \"Fine, it's not like I even wanted loving, caring friends in the first place.\" You say it because you're Juno, not because you mean it. You actually need a break from yourself, too. Leah doesn't say anything for a moment, just watches you closely, and no matter how many lies you tell yourself, there is absolutely no denying the sudden ache you have for her to lean in closer. \"Juno, you little paranoid freak,\" she starts, and suddenly her voice is soft, and her warm breath is falling on you. \"I love you, okay? I love you, and when this baby comes, it will be perfect and healthy and you will kick ass in the delivery room, and be the best biological-but-completely-uninvolved mother ever, and you will have made the right decision for your super kick-ass baby.\" Her forehead is leaning against yours, those eyes are on full force, and you just do it. Really. Her lips are hot and even softer than that Bleeker kid's, and they're only on yours for a second. That's all you allow. That's it, but it's enough. You pull away immediately and you think that you might be trembling slightly, as if even your body is trying to tell you, What the fuck, Juno? You're about to go into all-out panic mode, but then Leah, who only looks confused for a split second, grabs you by the neck and tugs you back into her. Your lips press against hers again, and, holy shit, you're kissing Leah. Leah is kissing you. And it feels damn good. Everything is incredibly soft, from her cheeks to her lips to the palms of her hands still pressed against your cheeks, and then Leah's tongue is tracing the outline of your lips. You feel hot everywhere, and you grab her by the neck and attempt to press her even closer to you, which is considerably difficult with this giant baby-stomach in the way. And then suddenly, she pulls away, with this Why am I making out with my best friend look on her face. \"Sorry,\" you blurt out, at the exact same time that she says, \"Holy shit, Juno, your pregnancy hormones are fucking crazy.\" It's not the hormones. You almost say it, completely automatically, and then you catch yourself, because voicing that truth is just not an option. \"Yeah, well, um \" She kisses you and you stop thinking for a moment. \"It's not the hormones, it's not the hormones, not baby hormones.\" You don't realize that this silent chant has morphed into you audibly murmuring it on her lips over and over until she pulls back and looks at you, eyebrow raised, like, I heard you the first time. \"Baby hormones or not, it was kind of hot, so. Whatever. We going baby shopping tomorrow, or what? You said it yourself; you at least need something for your kid to put on when it's born. Also, I think I rhymed again, so, like, pay me or something 'cause that's awesome and I'm awesome.\" It was kind of hot. ","Summary":" It happens gradually, somehow without either of you noticing it. You have absolutely no idea how or"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Oh, Sweet Sex Pistols!","Author":"Daughter of the Black","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4607303","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I don't own Juno A/N: This is pretty much similar to the movie, but what if mark was 26 and Juno was 17, and when she went into labor no one was there…. The tiny car rolled over her bulbous belly. Everything had fallen to pieces, Mark was leaving Vanessa. She didn't have an excuse to talk to him, to hear him reassuring her. On the brink of tears, her eyes widened when a rush of wetness hit her legs. Juno's heart started to thud in her chest. In the midst of her panicked breathing Juno's hamburger phone started to ring, \"Ye-ah,\" she asked breathily. A familiar voice filled her ears, \"Juno? Are you alright?\" \"Either I just peed my pants or I'm about ready to squeeze this thing out,\" grunting in pain, the teenager curled up into a ball. Mark froze, \"Juno, where are you?\" Juno sobbed openly, \"My room, home, I need…to…get to the hospital.\" \"Where's your dad,\" Mark asked as he jumped out of his car. \"Gone, next state over. Oh, sweet Sex Pistols!\" \"Sweetie, listen to me, where's your room?\" Whimpering unhappily, Juno told him and then heard heavy footsteps pounding up the stairs and then her door flew open. Mark, hair tousled, stood in the doorway, \"Okay, everything is going to be okay.\" Juno just moaned again and let Mark lift her up Rhett Butler style. Cradling the teenager to him, the older man moved as fast as he could out to his car. Setting her down in the backseat and buckling her in. Jogging around to his door, he started the engine and sped off to the hospital. Casting worried glances at the rearview mirror, he watched as Juno sobbed and grunted through the pain. Neither of them really heard his soothing words. Pulling into the emergency lane he shut the car off and hurried to get Juno. Pulling the brunette to him he kissed her forehead, and swiped away a few of her tears. Stalking inside he looked at a nurse, \"She's in labor.\" A doctor passing by grabbed a gurney and helped Mark to settle the girl on it, \"When did her water break?\" \"Fifteen minutes ago,\" Mark responded after glancing at the clock. \"Okay,\" the doctor tried to smile reassuringly as he started to wheel Juno back to an empty room, \"how far apart are her contractions.\" Choking through the pain Juno wanted to crack a joke, but the blinding pain her back was more important, \"Like a minute and half for about 50 seconds.\" The doctor grinned tightly, \"Alright, I'll be back in a few minutes to check dilation and I'll have a nurse bring you some admissions forms.\" Juno tensed before groping inside her pocket and pulling out a wad of papers, \"Here, they make me carry them around in case of this happening,\" Mark grabbed the papers and handed them to the doctor. Once they were alone, Mark slid his hand around Juno's, \"I'm here, everything will be okay.\" \"Yeah, you try squeezing an abnormally shaped cantaloupe out of your vagina,\" she spat before clamping down on his hand. \"Do you want me to call anyone?\" \"Dad, and Brenda.\" Taking the phone from the side table, Mark dialed the number she told him. \"Yes, this is Mark Loring. I'm at the hospital with Juno, she's in labor. Yes, I'm staying with her. She's fine right now except for the pain. Okay, I'll tell her when she stops mangling the pillow. Bye.\" Juno was indeed strangling the pillow that was not quite comfortable. A nurse wearing pink scrubs poked her head into the room before walking right in. \"Alright, Juno, we're going to get you changed into a gown and then we'll get you settled the rest of the way. If you want your husband can stay in here,\" the woman smiled good-naturedly. Mark stood and helped Juno sit up, \"No, I'll step outside. I'll be right outside if you need me.\" Juno was too focused on breathing to really notice what he said. The door closed and the nurse helped her take off her sweatshirt and slightly damp jeans. Tying the gown closed, the nurse helped Juno settle back onto the bed and covered her legs up. \"Would you like some ice-chips?\" \"Yeah, and then some drugs.\" Laughing the nurse left the room only to have Mark come back in with a pitcher of ice-chips. \"Your Dad said they would head back as soon as they could, but I'm staying with you.\" Nodding through her pain filled haze, Juno pushed down into her pillows, \"Why-how were you right outside when I needed you?\" Sliding onto the bed next to her Mark wrapped an arm around her, \"I wanted to talk to you, you were so upset when I told you about leaving Vanessa, I just hated you being mad at me.\" \"I wasn't mad at you, scared, confused, very hormonal yes.\" \"Good, if you were mad at me, who would tell me my music doesn't suck?\" Juno scrunched her nose up, \"Mmm, your momma.\" Mark laughed and squeezed Juno a little, \"Now, let's see about getting you through this.\" Mark watched in utter amazement as Juno gritted her teeth and pushed, her hair was slicked to her head and she was pale beyond belief, but she was beautiful. He didn't care that his fingers were in danger of being crushed, he just couldn't believe that she was doing this, giving life. The look of peace the second she heard the baby's first cry, saw the first \"gory\" hand, the tears that he knew were not joy but sadness. She was losing a piece of herself. Cradling her to his chest, Mark rocked a sobbing Juno. The nurse had told him the adoptive mother was with the baby, and so he was left to console a grieving girl. His shirt was soaked through but he couldn't care. \"Juno, you're beautiful, amazing, I love you. What you did in there, I would have cried, but I'm too manly.\" There, her beautiful laugh through the tears, a small smile, \"love you too,\" she sighed before looking into his dark eyes, \"I miss it.\" \"What?\" \"The bump, I kind of like it,\" she muttered into his chest. \"I know, I miss it too, but now we can dance without a third party between us,\" Mark rumbled. It went back and forth for a few more minutes before Juno fell into an exhausted sleep, neither noticing the tall, rather gangly boy standing at the window, a from firmly affixed to his face. Out of a mistake and a little luck, love was born. Mother and Son, Woman and Man. I am a huge Mark Juno fan…hehe, I think that they had much better chemistry than Bleeker andJuno…but whatever. Please review. Thinking about writing another Juno Mark oneshot as well. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I don't own Juno A/N: This is pretty much similar to the movie, but what if mark was 26"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"If You're Still In, I'm Still In","Author":"MarineWife","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4878738","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer:nCharacters aren't mine… A/N:nI haven't read very many stories from this movie, and mostndefinitely not from this pairing, but this story practically wrotenitself for me, so who was I to deny my muse. Itnwas a relationship neither had ever expected, much less understood. nIt started innocently enough, a chance meeting at the mall four yearsnafter they had last seen each other. It was as awkward between themnas it had always been. Whennthey had first met, Juno had found it amusing how Vanessa nevernseemed to be comfortable in her own skin. She had always seemednjittery and nervous and afraid to say or do the wrong thing. Thisnwas a concept Juno didn't understand. She had accepted who shenwas, not an entirely normal person, long ago, and the thought that atnsixteen she seemed to know who she was so much better than Vanessanhad at thirty-three, had always left her with a small smile. Butnat the age of twenty-one, more mature but no more normal, she justnfound it sad. Vanessa was a good woman. She deserved to be able tonlive without the self-doubt that always seemed to lurk around her. nJuno had never figured out how a cool guy like Mark, even if he hadnwound up being an asshole and leaving Vanessa, would marry someonenlike her. Thenna four year old little boy walked up and tugged on Vanessa's pantsnleg and any unease that she felt seemed to vanish. Juno had wantednto laugh when Vanessa had first told her she was born to become anmother. Really, who said shit like that? But as she witnessed thenconformation right before her eyes, she believed it with every fibernof her being. Shenhad been surprised when her breath caught in her throat. How could anchild she hadn't seen in four years and who she had never reallynfelt any connection to have an effect on her? She noticed that henhad her eyes and Bleecker's nose, but other than that she couldn'tnreally tell anything. She also noticed the love that radiated fromnthe mother and son and found herself fighting back tears. Junonmade a hasty retreat after that, throwing out some bullshit storynabout meeting friends. She had almost ran through the parking lot tonher car. After driving as far away from the mall as possible, shenfound herself pulling over on the side of the road and crying, muchnas she had so many years ago when Mark had told her he was leavingnVanessa. Oncenshe had arrived home, Brenda gave her a strange look and told hernsomeone named Vanessa had called to check on her and had left annumber. By the look Brenda gave her, Juno thought she knew exactlynwho Vanessa was, but neither chose to acknowledge it. Twondays later, Juno finally called Vanessa back. She invited Juno overnfor coffee and it took her swearing to Juno that Joshua was atnday-care before Juno agreed. Coffee was an awkward affair andnconversation was scarce. Joshua was never even brought up. Theynmade plans to meet up at a coffee shop in the mall later that weeknanyways. Vanessa tentatively brought Joshua up this time and wasnrelieved to see Juno not react so obviously this time, but did notnpush her luck by doing it again. Overnthe next few weeks, they saw more and more of each other. Vanessanmade a point to bring up the topic of Joshua each time they saw eachnother, but never pushed the issue. After nearly a month, Vanessancalled Juno and asked if she wanted to meet them at the park. Shenimmediately declined, but Vanessa assured her that he would benplaying and would barely pay either of them any attention whatsoever.n And Juno was relieved to see that she was right. Shenstill wasn't exactly sure how she felt about Joshua. During thenentire pregnancy, she had never felt a connection with him, hadnalways thought of him as Vanessa and Mark's. But the intensity shenfelt at wanting to get to know him now, not exactly as her son, butnas someone who had once inhibited her body for nine months, scarednher. Juno continued to meet them at the park over the next twonweeks. She had been pleased to see Joshua not take an interest innher, but seeming to be okay with her presence at least. ThennVanessa invited her over for dinner. She had shied away, afraid ofnhaving to spend time with Joshua with no other buffers besidesnVanessa around. But Vanessa was adamant in her attending. Juno hadnactually found herself having fun as she watched Vanessa and Joshua'sninteractions as they made dinner together. It was obvious thatnVanessa was an amazing mother and Joshua was really a great kid. nAfter dinner, Juno found herself being pulled into a video gamendebate with Joshua much as she had been with Mark over guitars sonmany years ago. Asnshe went to leave that night, Vanessa walked her to the door andnseemed to study her before leaning in and placing a kiss on herncheek. Juno smiled, thinking nothing of it before leaving. Junonbegan spending more and more time with both Vanessa and Joshua. Shenjoined them in most of their activities whether it was dinner atnhome, playing in the park, shopping, or going to movies. The kissesnon the cheek became more and more frequent and began edging towardsnsomething more as they seemed to stop being so far back on her cheeknand were usually more on the corner of her lips, but still she saidnnothing, would only smile. Junonwitnessed as Vanessa seemed to become more at ease with her, and Junonbelieved she was actually starting to get to see the real Vanessa. nAnd this Vanessa she found to be very appealing. One night asnVanessa was leaning in to place the goodnight kiss on herncheek/mouth, Juno turned her head so the kiss landed fully on hernlips. It was Vanessa this time that turned from the door with ansmile on her face. Thenrelationship escalated quickly from there. Both seemed to jump intonit without any thoughts to the fact that they were both women, thatnVanessa was nearly twenty years Juno's senior, and both in a sensenwere Joshua's mom. Without either of them seeming to realize it,nthey were completely and irrevocably in love. Juno became closer andncloser to Joshua, but was happy to be left as \"mommy's friend\". Junonbegan spending practically all of her time with Vanessa and Joshua,nand found herself even staying over-night sometimes. She becamencloser and closer to Joshua and came to love the boy, not as someonenwho had once lived inside her, but as a cute, energetic, adventurousnlittle boy, and as Vanessa's son. Theirnrelationship was smooth sailing the entire summer, until the issue ofnschool became obvious. Vanessa began snipping frequently at Juno,nand Juno seemed to be spending less and less time with them. Thenfinal straw had come when Juno was chastising Joshua for something asnshe had come to do without hesitation. For some reason, it had madenVanessa furious. \"You are not his mother,\" she had yelled atnJuno. Juno's mouth dropped open in shock. She then walked out thendoor, not bothering to respond or look back. Twondays later, which seemed to be their limit of not speaking to eachnother since the very beginning of the summer, Vanessa had called andnapologized. Dinner that night was another awkward affair,ninteractions with Joshua the only reprieve for either of them. Afterndinner they sat down and talked. Vanessa began voicing all of hernfears, fears that should have been plaguing her from the verynbeginning rather than a month into it. Vanessa also voiced the factnthat she didn't see how they could make it work with Juno'snreturn to college. How she didn't believe Juno would want to staynin the relationship once she returned to life with people her own agenrather than an older woman and a four year old boy. Junontried to assuage her fears, but Vanessa didn't seem to believe her.n Vanessa told her she couldn't handle having to wait for Juno tonrealize this and that they should stop seeing each other. Thennight before Juno was to leave to head back to school, Vanessa wasnsitting at the dining room table, drinking a glass of wine. She wasnshook out of her thoughts by a knock on the door. She opened thendoor to find no one there. As she turned to go back inside, shennoticed a take-out menu lying on the ground. With a smile on hernface and tears in her eyes, she bent down to pick it up and turned itnover. Vanessa Ifnyou're still in, I'm still in. Juno ","Summary":" Disclaimer:nCharacters aren't mine… A/N:nI haven't read very many stories from this movie, and most"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Happy as can be","Author":"k4writer02","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5795809","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Title: Happy as can be Author: k4writer02 Recipient: moosesal Summary: It begins and ends with questions about happiness. Juno has a life after her junior year; part of that life is running into Mark Loring again. Notes: Disclaimer: I don't own Juno or Mark or the witty words, but I borrowed them briefly. I didn't profit at all—really, it's just a Yuletide present! Rating: PG-13 Fandom: Juno (2007) Characters: Juno MacGuff ; Mark Loring When she's telling the story of her junior year of high school, she begins and ends it with a chair—the living room set on the lawn and Vanessa's rocking chair, and the little baby snuggled in the mama's arms, that picture that goes out to the world every single Christmas. She doesn't tell it often—just a few times at various \"Schools for Girls\"—places to send knocked up teens so the rest of the world doesn't have to look at them. Bad as it was to be the cautionary whale, Juno is glad she wasn't sent away like a dirty secret or a character in a 50s melodrama. After telling her story to a bunch of pregnant girls, the ones who don't go to Women Now or Havenbrooke or whatever the county/state/regional version is, the audience asks certain predictable questions: What happened with her baby daddy? (they rarely remember Paulie's name) After getting the question enough, Juno starts ending the story with playing \"their song\" on the front lawn, and says that he's the cheese to her macaroni, which teenagers get, but adults make faces at. The adults think she's romanticizing it, that she's giving the girls false hope that their boyfriends or one night stands will come back, when most of them are long gone. She's just telling the truth, though. As far as boyfriends go, Paulie is boss. The next, inevitably. Did it hurt? (Sometimes \"it\" means labor. Sometimes \"it\" means letting go of the baby. Sometimes \"it\" means the whole year) The answer is always the same. Yes. It hurt. Yes, it will hurt you. Next question. Does she ever hear about the baby? See him? Doesn't she want to? Juno explains that it was a closed adoption, but Vanessa sent Bren the address to a website where she uploads photos of her son once a month. Juno looks at it sometimes, but they don't have any contact beyond that. It's more than she thought she wanted; she thought she could just have the kid and forget it, but, since she's talking about it at events like this, well, that goes to show that it's not totally over. Usually, a parent or adult steps in to ask: What are you doing now? Did you go to college? Yeah, eventually. She does graphic design. At the moment, she's scored a sweet internship at Kamorra, the independent record label in town. Did unwed underaged pregnancy ruin her life? (Usually asked by the bravest or boldest or most rebellious girl, with a look angled at an accompanying parent, as if to say, see? This isn't an automatic fail) No. It's something that happened, like breaking a leg. You go to the doctor a lot, and you can't go play and only your real friends visit you, but you heal. (She's never been invited back somewhere after answering that way) Is she happy with her choice? (Here, the frightened face of the questioner seems to dig into her, begging to know: what should I do?) And she answers the only way she can. Happy as can be. She layers the speech with sarcasm and clever comments and little jokes. Some appreciate the humor. Some don't. Only a few people ask her about Mark. She has a little monologue worked out, all about seeing him only once more, at a video store with Leah. And it's true, she saw him that once. It was so quick, she couldn't ever tell what movie he was holding up. Sometimes in her memory, it's something awesome like Suspiria (Argento's masterpiece, though Deep Red runs a close second). Other times, it's something cool-but-not-THAT-cool like This Is Spinal Tap or Evil Dead II. And on bad days, when she sort of pokes at her stomach with the soft skin which still shows a stretch mark or two, and she feels permanently marked because she got bored one afternoon when she was sixteen, she thinks it was probably some lame Woody Allen movie like Manhattan, which she only saw because Leah was obsessed with it, and okay, the music didn't make her puke. But the movie itself is all about whiny rich people worrying about having sex, and an older guy and a girl who is still in high school. That's part of what she doesn't tell. Here's another. She's 90% sure that Mark was in the audience one night, when her band performed at a club in St. Paul. It's an obscure little place, tucked in where the street aren't laid out in a neat grid, like Minneapolis. Parking's nearly nonexistent. And okay, Iggy and the Stooges probably never played there, but supposedly Soul Asylum and the Replacements did, before they got big. It's not First Avenue or Seventh Street Entry, but it is a real gig, with an audience that isn't just Leah. The guy who looked a lot like Mark slipped in three measures into the first song and out during Paulie's guitar solo/finale (Tino quit the band, but they recruited a new drummer at school). Juno KNOWS it was Mark, even though he didn't talk to her or anything. The way he listened and watched left her tingling in a way she remembers tingling when she played Doll Parts with him on Kimber, the magnificent mahogany Les Paul. At the time, she thought she was giddy because she was actually touching an instrument she'd only fantasized about. (To be honest, she probably had more fantasies about the guitar than she had about Bleeker). But now, she wonders if it wasn't (unconsciously) Mark's attention that left her with that little shiver. Back in the days of Roosevelt, the Harmony. Now, she's rocking a used and abused rosewood Martin Dreadnought she affectionately calls Bartleby—it's been through hell. New, it would retail for something like 4000 bucks. She got it on ebay for $378, and got it repaired for a sum she won't ever confess to. Bartleby was worth it. It's neither Gibson nor Fender, which seems a bold move. She sometimes feels more lust and envy over a beautiful Stratocaster (Strat) or a Les Paul (LP) than she did over Katrina and Paulie and prom. Someday, she believes she'll be able to afford a Gibson; for now, she's squirreling away every penny she can, thinking about maybe leaving the Twin Cities for a summer in Chicago or New York or even Tokyo. She'd like to get her own copy of Most Fruitful Yuki. Anyway, so she saw Mark that night. It counts. And then, once, while she was at Kamorra, she would swear that she felt his eyes on her, but there wasn't anyone in reception when she checked, so she got another intern to cover her so she could drink a cup of coffee and calm down. As it turns out, coffee doesn't really calm you much. After her third conversational gambit, her supervisor sent her to Marketing with a poster concept and album art proof. Having lived with Bren and Liberty Bell, Juno knows what a \"get out of my hair\" errand looks like. She asks around, casually, trying to find out if anyone has seen him. It's just possible, this being a record label and all, that he's still trying to turn himself into a rock star. Or an indy star. He has the floppy hair and Mr. Cool and Sensitive act down. So it's not really a surprise a few weeks later when she sees him leaving a conference room with her boss's boss. And Mark is a good looking man—hasn't aged a day, though it's been a few years. She isn't sure whether she should make eye contact or hide. Then, her boss's boss makes the choice for her. \"Juno, I want you to meet Mark Loring; he's going to do some composing for us; I need you to take him down, introduce him around. Mark, Juno. Graphic design intern. Good girl.\" Honest to blog, her first thought is 'She knows who I am?' Second thought: 'Phucket, Thailand.' Mark is staring at her, and she can't even guess what's going on in his brain. Is he just shocked? Is he evaluating? This may be the only time he's seen her in the light of day when she isn't pregnant. She thinks it may be a sign of maturity that it occurs to her to try to imagine what's going on in his brain. \"I—this way.\" She starts walking. \"Wait,\" Mark says, so Juno pauses. He directs his attention to her boss's boss, \"Caroline, we're going to make beautiful music together.\" There's so much charm and insincerity in his voice, Juno wants to gag. Caroline smiles a little, but there's a brittle quality to it. \"A pleasure,\" Caroline demurs. She leaves, tapping on a Blackberry like she can avert nuclear war if she sends this message fast enough. The hallway is empty, and it's kind of depressing that she already delivered the materials she had to hand over because she has nothing to do with her hands, nothing to hide behind. Her outfit doesn't have pockets, so she sort of clenches her fists and starts walking. She hears him fall into step next to her. Her hair is loose today, so she steals a glance at him through a sweep of fine, dark hair. He's studiously not looking at her, which irritates her as much as anything else would have. \"So you still want to be a rock star?\" She can't even figure out the emotions in her voice. Mostly deadpan, a little hostile, and a shade curious. She watches his smile twist to a self-deprecating smirk. \"Where'd you get that?\" He asks. \"Done with your commercial sell out phase?\" She takes the stairs because really, being in an elevator? Too cliché. \"Pays the bills.\" He shrugs, and she's distressed that she can't rattle him. She clatters down the stairs loudly. She's about to pull open the door and end this miserable, awkward reunion when he puts a hand on her shoulder. She shakes him off and turns to face him for the first time since he told her he was divorcing his wife. And she glares. Juno MacGuff, who was named for Zeus's beautiful and mean wife, a goddess of marriage, and one who hated and punished infidelity, turns the whole force of her frustration and fury with broken marriages on Mark, who may not deserve it, but who she trusted. Because really, only the people you trust can disappoint you. And she loves Paulie Bleeker, but he never churned her up like this. She didn't expect him to stand beside her or come to ultra sound appointments or anything. So when he came through, when he crawled into that bed with her—maybe his presence meant more because she expected so little. Leah has never disappointed her. No matter what the shenanigan was, Leah was there, giggling and going with it. From moving furniture to doctors appointments to telling Dad and Bren to whacking Katrina's mailbox to holding Juno's knee during labor—Leah was there. But even that's changing now. They all live in Minneapolis, but Leah married one of her professors, and she goes a little funny when Juno talks about leaving the Twin Cities. Because if her marriage is going to last, Leah needs to stay, but Juno knows that to be happy, she and Bleeker need to go. And Juno doesn't know what this means. Being left seriously sucks (she hates her Valentine's Day cacti collection), and Juno doesn't like the thought of being the one doing the leaving. But that's a thought for another day. \"Wait,\" Mark is saying, \"Will you let me talk to you?\" Juno smolders, but she doesn't open the door and scream either. Baby steps. Mark takes that for a yes, \"After work, let me buy you a drink? I want to make an apology and I think alcohol is the kind of social lubricant we need.\" Juno thinks about it. Bleeker's not going to be in the apartment tonight—Carol wanted to make sure her 'Puppy' had a decent meal, and that his laundry is done properly. Leah and her husband have some faculty party, and Juno already helped her pick her clothes. \"Okay.\" She says slowly. \"One drink. The apology. And if you try to touch me again, I'll scream so loud you'll never hear right again.\" He mumbles something that sounds uncomplimentary, but nods acceptance of her terms. \"I think…\" Juno takes a deep breath, \"Do we have to tell people we know each other?\" Mark makes a face, \"You're the one who can't lie.\" \"SIlencio.\" She orders, and then marches out. She introduces him to the graphic designers, explains that Caroline wants her to introduce Mark around, receives the stink eye (what was she doing talking to the boss's boss?), and escapes. She walks Mark over to the marketing people (he already knows most of them), the receptionist who keeps the schedules and calendars, and the other people he needs to know. She leaves him at the door to the parking lot with a promise to meet him at a quiet neighborhood bar at the end of the work day. She doesn't know for sure she'll get in—they've seen her there for a lot of Kamorra stuff, so they might not card her; she doesn't have an id that would get her into a bar on her. Mark doesn't seem to have put those dots together though. So if she doesn't show up, maybe he'll think she was being petty. Rather than freak about it for the rest of the day, Juno applies herself to mailings with more diligence than anyone has ever seen. She's getting a lot of weird looks, but she collects her stuff, calls goodbye to everyone at 4:30 (she skipped lunch so she could leave early), and walks out to the neighborhood bar. They let her in—damn, there's that excuse gone. Mark is sitting at a booth instead of the bar, and he seems to be sipping a clear-liquor-and-tonic concoction. Waiting for her, across the table, is a frosty cocktail glass of amber liquor. She eyes it suspiciously. \"What this?\" \"Maker's Mark. Up.\" There's challenge in his eyes as he lifts his lowball and sips. She picks up the chilled cocktail and takes a sip, and god, it's burning her mouth and throat, but she swallows and doesn't choke. For like ten seconds. Then, she has to wheeze. She has graduated from Boone's, thank you, but it turns out, she's not a whiskey girl. \"New one for you?\" He asks. She shrugs. \"Did you really bring me here to watch me drink something I thought sounded cool when I was sixteen?\" \"No, of course, you're right.\" He works something out of his back pocket, now avoiding her eyes. \"I'm sorry.\" \"For what?\" She challenges. Hell, she'd like to see someone grovel a little. Sue her. He appears to be reading from an index card. \"I'm sorry that I put you in between me and Vanessa during the divorce, when you were already dealing with a lot of shit for the baby. I'm sorry I forgot that I was the adult in that situation. I'm sorry I danced with you. I'm sorry I made more out of our…\" He meets her eyes, then drops them again, \"friendship than I should have.\" \"Shut up.\" Juno snaps. She takes another sip of the Maker's Mark, and this time, the burn feels better. \"Is this part of some 12 step thing?\" \"No.\" Mark says. \"It's part of a being a decent person thing.\" He waits, while her eyes water (from the drink, of course). \"Do you know what a slut I felt like?\" She asked, finally. \"Bren tried to warn me, but I wouldn't listen. Because you were so cool; just the kind of guy I wanted to know was out there. I knew better, but I ignored that.\" He squirms a little in the booth. \"I still think Sonic Youth is nothing but noise. I can't listen to the Carpenters or Mott the Hoople anymore. So you should apologize for taking those bands away from me. But you were right about Herschcell Gordon Lewis.\" He nods solemnly, accepting this peace offering for what it is. \"We never got to talk about Vincent Price.\" He offers as an olive branch of his own. \"Genius.\" She says, to see how he'll react. A server approaches them, and she asks for popcorn, onion rings, and a Coke. Mark's mouth twitches, \"Still eat like you're sixteen.\" \"When I was sixteen I was eating healthier than a yuppie in a Whole Foods.\" She retorts. He shrugs, and they slide into an argument about the relative merits of Theater of Blood, The Abominable Dr. Phibes, House of Wax, the Tingler, and gimmicks in horror films, until the snacks and coke (with Maker's Mark added) are gone. And Juno is feeling oddly relaxed in her own skin. Here's someone who knows what she went through—no awkward explanations or dodges—but still likes her. She's still mad at him, still thinks it was an a-hole move to leave Vanessa when and how he did. But the kid she squeezed out has a good life with his ex-wife. It's a situation that's both weird and comfortable. She asks, eventually, if he saw her set, and he said he was there for another reason (he doesn't say it but she understands he means a date), and that he enjoyed it. He thought her and Paulie's timing was tight, and her vocals were pure. The drummer's rhythm could still use work, but her playing was fantastic. This leads to a long conversation about Bartleby, how she found it on ebay, what she went through to get it repaired, and what a beautiful sound it gives her. In turn, he tells her about Kimber and messing around, and getting a band going. It's the easiest awkward conversation she's ever had. There's a lull, around 7:00, and he suggests going somewhere for dinner. Instead, they order nachos. And Juno asks him, falsely carelessly, if he ever sees Vanessa and the kid. Mark hesitates, then answers, \"They came to my dad's funeral last month. Cute kid. Good manners.\" And then she sort of understands why he wants to make amends. She can't help herself; she asks questions. And he explains, in halting words, why he thinks his marriage fell apart. And she can hear that he's sorry he hurt Vanessa, but not sorry he left. He's probably not going to be a rock star; he still composes jingles and commercials. He's doing work for Kamorra for studio time; he wants to put out a little CD, see how it does. But he can play guitar till his fingers bleed, if he wants to, and collect expensive toys and comics, and if that's selfish, well, then he's selfish. Juno swallows, nods. And then she realizes she's been asking the questions that the girls ask her, after she tells her story. \"What happened with this person you loved? Do you ever see the baby? What are you doing now?\" She's asked them all except the important one. So she blurts it out: \"Are you happy?\" He thinks about it for a long moment, then says \"Happy as I can be.\" She toasts him silently. He returns the gesture. And she feels peaceful. Notes: I did a little research on Minnesota and Minneapolis-St. Paul and the music scene (where this story is mostly set). So sorry if I got anything wrong. I really hope you enjoy the story. ","Summary":" Title: Happy as can be Author: k4writer02 Recipient: moosesal Summary: It begins and ends with ques"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"More Than 2 Sides","Author":"The.Beautiful.And.The.Damned","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4679993","Passage":"[Chapter 1] In her stomach grew a warmth of fresh inspiration, glowing daily through her eyesrnAnd in her womb, a baby grew and burdened her disguisernBack at her home, her parents knew and watched her as she walkedrnRight through the door and down the road, a skirt and jeans she wore It started with a chair, and ended in love for one and all involvedrnHer tale shared, the world was blessed, a boy in a tricky mouldrnHis father gone, his Mom unknown, the mystery was his alonernTo keep it held, inside a shell and listen to it's moan \"Come back to me\" spoke Juno, the voice inside the shellrn\"Come back to me\" spoke Bleeker, the voice for which she fellrnA young love true, yet so much morernThe tiny seed of his, she bore Nine months long, and later gone- Vanessa had a sonrnShe held him close and told him then, that Juno was the onernBut far too late for Juno, she lay there in Bleeker's armsrnAnd tasted salt as tears she wept, remembered her own Mom But both apart, they lived their lives, separate, secret, soonrnTheir stories would collide, under the tiny baby moonrnAnd as it grew and rose and shone so brightly to the worldrnThe world watched over each of them as if they were a pearl And the oyster of a story would never be forgottenrnAnd they would live their lives once more, intensely besottedrnFor love is born in honesty, and not quite in a chairrnAnd the baby laying, crying, cannot see how it is fair But then Vanessa comes and comforts him and tells the talernAnd afterwards he wipes his eyes and lives a life, derailedrnAnd Juno wonders, and she sees, his tears form in the same eyesrnThat tasted salt and pain and guilt once she lost her disguise She used to hide, but Bleeker saw her in a different lightrnHe picked her up and brought her back and they started a new lifernBut not the first would they see again, for he was not their childrnHe was always hers, and ever will be Vanessa's- in exile ","Summary":" In her stomach grew a warmth of fresh inspiration, glowing daily through her eyesrnAnd in her womb,"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Fast Forward","Author":"forever is never forever","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4658274","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Here I am yet again with more Juno fun! Enjoy this fic! Disclaimer: No, I still don't own Juno, but I wish I did!! Ten years had passed since that fateful day Juno found out she was pregnant. She was now well through college and was currently interning for a well-known graphic designer. Bleeker was just finishing up school for his Master's in engineering. Of course the two still had their band, which was doing relatively well. Juno and Bleeker had been engaged since their sophomore year of college. However, they had yet to set a date. That drove Bren crazy and she always let Juno know crazy it made her. Juno and Vanessa remained very close over the years. However, there was never long talk about the baby when the two would see each other. The two hardly saw each other, so there wasn't really time to talk about the baby. It was always catch up with them. Over those ten years, Vanessa picked up on Juno's sarcasm and jokes and actually started using it herself. Which totally threw Juno off the first time Vanessa had a real sarcastic moment. As the baby, Ethan he was named, grew up he always knew of Juno as 'that really cool woman that his mom was friends with'. Vanessa tried to have Ethan call Juno \"Aunt\" but both Juno and Ethan thought that was way too much. As far as Ethan was concerned, he thought Juno was a little weird, but still really cool. Especially when she brought him gifts. Leah soon got over Keith, which made Juno so happy. However, as soon as college came along Leah became ga ga over her one professor. He was her English professor, Jake Anderson. Juno was convinced it was just another infatuation, however, it wasn't so. The two dated steadily after Leah's sophomore year and she didn't have him as a professor. Juno wasn't crazy about Jake at first, but as Leah and he dated more and more, the four of them all became good friends. Juno and Leah tended to double date, whenever they felt like it actually going out of a Friday night. It was easy for Leah to want to go out, it was convincing Juno that she wanted to go out that was the hard part. Juno climbed into her semi-beat up red coupe and was heading over to Vanessa's. Vanessa still had her chic and posh house, where Juno had first met Vanessa. Although, now it was less chic and posh, it was more like soccer mom and perpetually slightly dusty. Nevertheless, both Ethan and Vanessa called it home; neither would trade it for the world. In the span of the ten years that had passed, Vanessa had finally let Ethan win in the war over whether he could have a dog or not. The year Ethan was to turn seven, that Christmas Santa brought him a big, fluffy surprise. It was a Goldendoodle, Vanessa was happy to know it wouldn't shed and was apparently hypoallergenic. Not that it mattered, because nothing in the world could get Ethan to sneeze. Juno thought it was kind of weird that the main deciding factor to buy the dog was that it was hypoallergenic. Juno got out of her car and walked up to the house and ran the doorbell. Even from outside, Juno could hear Ethan run up to the door. He opened it quickly in hopes that his friend, Jack, would be waiting to start their 'play date' as Vanessa still called it. \"Oh, hi Juno,\" Ethan greeted, a little less enthusiastic then he originally was. \"Hey E, is your mom around?\" Juno asked. \"Do you really think she'd leave me alone?\" Ethan replied sarcastically. \"You've got a point,\" Juno agreed. \"She's in the kitchen, at the breakfast nook,\" Ethan told Juno. Juno gave him an amused, but worried look, \"No boy your age should know what a breakfast nook is.\" \"Tell me about it!\" Ethan exclaimed as he ran back into the family room. The house soon lost the clean, white look once Ethan came home. It was soon turned into one giant family room. Which was good, because Juno always had felt as though the house was just a house. Not a home. It was cold. But now, it was warm and personable. Juno walked into the kitchen, she found Vanessa sitting at the breakfast nook, like Ethan said she would be, reading the newspaper. It apparently slipped Vanessa's mind that Juno was coming over. Juno smiled, \"Vanessa?\" \"Oh Juno!\" Vanessa jumped as she saw who called her. \"Hey!\" \"I'm so sorry, I totally forgot that you were coming over. E, has a friend coming over to play so I was sort of expecting him,\" Vanessa explained in her frazzled state. \"Oh, if you want I can stop by another time,\" Juno offered. \"Are you kidding? I haven't seen you in so long! No, I have food in the oven and E will be occupied, so we have all afternoon!\" Vanessa said gleefully. \"Great,\" Juno replied with a hint of sarcasm. Vanessa play hit Juno as she got the oven mitt off the counter, \"So, how's Bleeker? When are you two getting married anyways?\" \"Very funny. He's good. He just started this new job with this engineering firm, they engineer things it's all very science-y. And we're maybe thinking next May. Bren keeps telling me May is the time to get married or something,\" Juno said as she said down, \"So what did you make?\" \"Oh, lasagna. Nothing big,\" Vanessa replied nonchalant. Juno gave her a look, \"Nothing big? It takes me like an hour to boil water!\" \"Maybe you should turn the gas up next time,\" Vanessa joked sarcastically. \"Haha, I'm sorry I can't whip out lasagna like it's not big deal!\" Juno shot back. Vanessa served Juno a piece, \"Well, maybe you can one day.\" \"Maybe. So, have you seen Mark again? I know you said in our last email session that he randomly showed up and wanted to be a father now,\" Juno asked through her bites of lasagna. \"Yeah, we met a week later and talked. I basically told him that it was too late and that he can't just suddenly want to be a father and crap,\" Vanessa sighed as she took an angry bite of her lasagna. Juno laughed, still not used to hearing Vanessa saying 'crap', \"Did you verbally abuse him, like Bren did? Because if you did, you'd be my new favorite person.\" \"No, sorry. I'll have to remember to do that for you next time,\" sighed Vanessa. \"So anything new with that guy you've been dating…Derek, right?\" Juno asked after another bite of lasagna. \"Yeah, we have another date next week,\" Vanessa said contently. \"Good,\" Juno cheered. The two women finished up their food and relocated to the living room. They talked and talked for hours. Both Juno and Vanessa liked having their little get together. Juno especially liked because she was able to see Ethan, even though in the very beginning they had agreed it was going to be a closed adoption. But after Mark and Vanessa's fall out, Juno came over quite a lot to just hang out with Vanessa. It was awkward at first, but the two became fast friends. Well that was my random little one shot, hoped you liked it! ","Summary":" Here I am yet again with more Juno fun! Enjoy this fic! Disclaimer: No, I still don't own Juno, but"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Juno 2: To Infinite Immaturity And Beyond!","Author":"SupermassiveSon15","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4816214","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Junon2: To Infinite Immaturity And Beyond! Chaptern1: Happy 17thnBirthday! Therenwas nothing being done to cover up my supposed 'surprise party'. Brendanwas discreetly blowing up balloons in her bedroom thinking I couldn'tnhear her. Dad was shifting through dusty cookbooks for a recipendedicated to birthday cakes. And Liberty Bell was practicallynshouting from the rooftops saying that my party was a surprise and Inwasn't meant to know it. Yep.nDiscreet the MacGuffs are. Itnhappened to be the day before my party and I was walking in ansupermarket with best pal Leah. \"You know Juno, I've finallynfound a way for my airbags to deploy to full size,\" she informed mendrawing glances from other shoppers. Inwas confused. \"And by that, you mean?\" \"MynBazooka Joes, of course,\" Leah replied. I think she was talkingnabout her boobs but she could've been talking about her brain. Younknow what I'm saying; maybe she was talking about doing well innschool and being intelligent and letting her brain grow with wisdomnand knowledge. \"Myntits Juno, if you want to be frank.\" Crossnintelligence off list please; instead add 'implants'. \"LooknLeah,\" I told her. \"Your boobs are perfectly fine, they don'tnneed to grow any bigger. I mean, some women can't even fit throughntheir shower doors or in airplane toilets because their bongos arentoo engorged.\" Shenlaughed and replied; \"No, not that big but just bigger so mennactually realize that I have a rack.\" \"Younknow, you go completely off topic. One minute we're talking aboutnmy evident surprise party then we're talking about you're grandmother's karaokenskills and now we're talking about your boobs!\" I yellednastonished. \"Besides Leah, you've gone out with heaps of guys;nremember Timothy Ryans?\" \"Yeah,nthen I found out that he was my third cousin, I can only thank God wendidn't kiss or anything,\" Leah said. \"Besides, Kevin would really appreciate thesenif they were bigger.\" Herenwas her teacher fetish in the bombing zone. \"Kevinnis a teacher whonis forty two years old! You'rennot even at a legal age to be with him!\" \"Yeah,nbut when I am, we'll be ready to take the first step.\" Leahnreplied dreamily. \"He'snmarried!\" I yelled. Leah'snface kind of transformed into the Monster from Green Lagoon then shenturned normal and said; \"Anyway, I know how to get my boobsnbigger!\" \"Anway that doesn't involve having a collision with a truck?\" Inmuttered. \"What?\" \"Nothing.nYou were saying?\" \"Yeah,nthe answer is chicken from KFC! They practically pump hormones intonthose chicken that can put hormones into your body after consumingnthem and therefore resulting in Jugs replacing Mugs!\" Inpicked a Mars bar from a shelf and pocketed it. \"Fascinating, hopenit works out for you.\" I started walking towards the exit of thenshop before Leah stopped me. Inna low voice, she asked; \"Juno, aren't you supposed to pay fornthat!\" Inraised one eyebrow; \"When you've given birth at sixteen, we'llntalk.\" \"ButnI'm already sevente –\" \" We'llntalk… later, see you at thenpart-tay!\" Best Mars bar of my life. Afternschool the next day, my birthday, the day I came out of womb, the daynmy Mum aimed and fired, whatever you want to call it, was the startnof my surprise party. Inopened the door and was greeted by a shout of 'Surprise!\". I didnan Oscar-deserving impression of being surprised with my eyes widenand my mouth as open as it could go (my fist could fit in there). Dad,nBrenda, Librety Bell, Leah, Bleeker, and – whonwas that! She looked familiarnwith hair like mine and a face like mine and – (Shocked gasp) Itnwas my Mum! \"Uh…hinMum, it's great to see you!\" I faked happiness. Stupidncactus-mailing fungus face! \"OhnJunebug!\" she exclaimed. \"How could I miss this event?\" \"Younmissed every other birthday, can't imagine why this one would benany different. Are they handing out free condoms so you have lessnchildren to abandon?\" \"Juno!\"nmy Dad exclaimed. \"She has come here to make amends which I thinknis just *cough* wonderful .\" \"Yeah,nsunshine, lollipops and rainbows everything,\" I muttered. Bleekernwas looking awkwardly at the two of us before snapping his fingers.n\"Now I finally realize why she looks so much like you Juno!\" \"Great.nDelayed reaction was too soon I think,\" I replied sarcastically. Brendan(thank you God for Brenda), suddenly clapped her hands and said;n\"Okay settle down people. It's Juno's party okay so friends andnfamily and Juno'snmother please sit down and I'll bring out the presents.\" Ingrudgingly sat down on the couch next to Mum and watched Leah openlynscratch her boobs. I pssted towards Leah who looked up and I mouthed;n\"What's with the itching?\" To which she replied openly; \"Thisnpadding is really itchy. Maybe I should've bought polyester insteadnof sheep wool.\" \"Whynbuy sheep wool bra padding?\" I asked with raised eyebrows. \"Inguess the fantasy of lying naked in a meadow filled with sheepnappeals to me. And then Kevin arrives with his shirt off and startsnto –\" \"Presentntime!\" Bren yelled holding a pile of wrapped packages. Firstnpresent was from Leah who was clapping her hands in anticipation as Inremoved the wrapping. I gawped with happiness. \"Is this a – a – the signedngiant guitar pick signed by Mick Jagger, Ringo Starr, Michael Stipenand even Freddie Mercury? The guitar pick in the display case at thenMuseum for sale. You bought itnfor me? \" \"Hellsnyeah and it wasn't cheap so I expect a Ferrari from you for my nextnbirthday!\" Leah replied happy that I was happy. \"Youngot it,\" I replied before picking up the next package from Bleeker. Itnwas shaped like a trapezium and quite big. I opened it and saw angleaming blue Les Paul guitar in there. I was instantly reminded ofnMark from my pregnant period of destruction. But my eyes glazed withntears of joy. Bleeker who hadn't said a word to me at all at thenparty finally spoke; \"It's not much but –\" \"Don'tnbe a shithead and kiss me!\" I ordered before running off the couchnand kissing Bleek for a full minute. Dadninterrupted; \"This is fascinating and I've got a canoe in thengarage but can we please continue?\" Input my two already favorite presents aside and picked up the nextnone. From Mum. I struggled not to chuck it through the window. Inopened it and saw that it was a 120GB iPod video. \"Um…thanks!\"nI was surprised to actually be grateful and I even reluctantly gavenMum a hug. Insaw that was the end of the presents and I turned to face Dad. \"Younforgot didn't you?\" \"Look,nI promise I'll get you a present tomorrow if you go take thengarbage out now please Juno.\" Dad replied. \"Onnmy birthday even?\" I asked. \"Justnput the garbage outside please.\" Intook the huge bag of trash from the kitchen and walked outside andnsaw a shiny red Corvette in the driveway. I screamed out loud and Dadnran and saw my look of happiness. \"You got me a car Dad! I love younso much!\" \"Um…no…Junonthat's your Mum's car but I suppose your present is over there.\"nHe said pointing in the opposite direction. I screamed even louder asnI saw a brand new blue electric scooter. \"I love it more than ancar!\" \"Inknow you do sweetheart but as soon as you hit someone with it…wellnit's confiscated!\" Dad said firmly. \"Plus I also got it so nonmore backseat conceptions could happen.\" \"Dad,nI didn't have sex in the backseat of a car –\" \"That'snnice dear!\" \" –Inhad it on a chair remember that old –\" \"DonI hear them singing happy birthday?\" \" –okaynDad you win but it was on a chair not in the backseat!\" Wenboth walked inside. Inguess in a way (apart from my Mum showing up) it was the best partynever. Littlendid I know that Mum visiting and coming back into my life wouldnresult in a big problem! ","Summary":" Junon2: To Infinite Immaturity And Beyond! Chaptern1: Happy 17thnBirthday! Therenwas nothing being "},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"The Next Generation","Author":"Lira Leigh","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4831332","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VanessanLoring sighed as she looked at the clock 'She's going to be latenagain' she thought \"Thena, get down here!\" She called; she'dnbeen calling to the teen for at least thirty minutes. \"Jeeznma I'm coming! Shut your freaking gob 'kay?!\" Thena saidnrunning into the kitchen in her school uniform, the white button downnshirt was only half buttoned showing a Nightwish T-shirt, she wasnwearing a pair of jeans under her plaid skirt, an old bike chain wasnfastened around her neck as a makeshift choker and another chain nheld several guitar picks in various colors. Her brown hair wasnclearly hastily chopped off, probably while she was in the shower. \"Indon't think that fits the uniform code.\" Vanessa said staring atnher daughter. \"Athena?\" she asked as she handed the teen somenmoney for lunch. 'I never thought how much she'd look like Juno.'nShe thought shaking her head slightly \"So,nrules are meant to be broken.\" Athena said shaking her head. \"True\"nVanessa said nodding slightly as she tossed Athena her keys \"Youndon't want to forget these\" she smiled \"Thanksnmom\" Athena said grinning at her mom \"Andndon't forget you have Jazz Band this afternoon, I put your bass innyour car\" Vanessa said \"Thanks\"nAthena said grabbing a packet of pop tarts before running to the doorngrabbing her backpack on her way out. ","Summary":" VanessanLoring sighed as she looked at the clock 'She's going to be latenagain' she thought \"Thena"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Chronic Crush","Author":"Ififall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8233265","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: Slash, Strong Language. He told his brain not to, but every night, he'd dreamt about it. The evening that changed his world and had pushed him and Steve together. It was his fault, he never should have gone down there with a camera anyway. He should have asked someone for directions home or walked it, snuck in without waking his dad and got a shower in the morning. But he didn't. Andrew always ended up making the wrong choices it didn't matter what he did. The only cool thing about having the powers, was...well having the powers, but the coolest thing about it was sharing and testing his powers with Steve. Steve really got it, really understood what it was like to push yourself to the limit and literally fly over the edge. He was so much fun, unlike Andrew's cousin Matt, pitying Andrew like an abandoned dog, grabbing Andrew by the lead and ditching him at parties whenever the skankiest broad showed up. Matt was never gonna wake up and smell the coffee when it came to Casey. She was a loser than used people, In Andrew's opinion, more of a loser than Andrew was at school and that was saying something. Deciding to torture himself yet again Andrew got out of bed, put a jacket on and grabbed his camera. His dad knew his secret, but didn't want it used in the house. On some nights Andrew liked to push his father, but he couldn't go and see Steve with fist-marks on his face, it would just be disrepectful. Andrew walked over to the local cemetary and let go of the camera as soon as he thought it was dark enough. He walked past the unknown graves unable to sympathise or care because they didn't spark his regret the way Steve's did. Andrew got to Steve's grave and made the camera focus on all the pictures and cards and flowers that changed every three days. Andrew couldn't bring himself to write anything, he'd feel like such a hypocrite. Steve had gone before Andrew could even think about asking Steve for a picture, even on his phone it would have sounded corny. Thinking about standing next to Steve for a picture was a slice of heaven that Andrew couldn't allow himself to handle. Steve was worth a million of him. Everytime Andrew came to Steve's grave the memories of him changed, but the strength of the anger and sadness always stayed the same. That's why tonight had to be different. Instead of boring Steve to another death with the memories Andrew was going to make Steve part of his future. He had something he needed to tell Steve something that he needed to get off his skinny frail chest. Andrew couldn't get laughed at or rejected here, unless he heard the sniggers of Steve's ghost. Andrew moved the camera to his side and decided to tell Steve the shocker. \"I've done this a lot and I know that I've got a lot of nerve coming here but...I can't help it you know...I feel like I have to and it's not because of the guilt\" Andrew said, looking around quickly. \"I hate cliches, and my whole life is one. Was one. Until the powers...until you\" Andrew shuddered as a gust of wind swung his camera from side to side, he was busy trying to control it unaware that he was being watched. \"This isn't a cliche though, the talks that you and Matt had about girls...it was weird, not just because I haven't...but because I...like you Steve. Like as in that way as in I'd date...as in a crush, and if I'd known that I was never gonna see you like ever...maybe I could have asked you out, or we could have gone out for a burger. That new chicken place opened up, they do fried stuff, it's near school. Or What about sushi?\" Andrew asked before being grabbed and feeling warmth breath brush his ear. \"Fried chicken?\" Steve yelled gently shoving Andrew playfully to the ground. \"Hate cliches my ass\" Steve looked at the camera moving it, just in-case Andrew had to let go. Andrew shook his head and wondered if he'd bumped his head, or if his dreams were playing awful tricks on him. Andrew could see Steve's trendy expensive clothes, his dark inviting eyes and his nervous grin, but he couldn't be sure if it was real, no matter how much he wanted it to be. \"Is it...no, no, it was my fault, you're gone, you're gone\" Andrew said shutting his eyes. Steve patted Andrew on the shoulder and grabbed Andrew's hand and pulled him up to his feet. \"Andrew open your eyes I'm not that ugly...well from what I've heard...\" \"OK my eyes are open\" Andrew said opening his eyes, but trying not to look directly in Steve's direction. \"I'll drop it...for now\" Steve said, as Andrew got his camera and walked around Steve and asked him the obvious question. \"So how? How are you back from death?\" Andrew asked. \"Well you know in tennis, when the ball launcher is running but there's no ball actually in it?\" Steve asked. \"ummm...no\" Andrew said cluelessly. \"I'll tell you about Tennis later, but the powers were still launched in my body like batteries and they got my heart pumping\" \"Are you sure?\" Andrew said. \"I guess, I've been too busy hiding out to think\" Steve said. \"Hiding?\" Andrew asked. \"You're the only one who knows Detmer\" Steve said with a wistful stare. \" I don't wanna just go running into my house saying \"Mom you just got punked!\" Steve said touching Andrew's arm. \"Can I Stay at yours Andrew?\" Steve asked looking at him earnestly. Andrew's dad would flip out, but it was probably only gonna be for a few nights. Andrew couldn't say no, this was Steve, one of the most popular guys at their school and Andrew hadn't been able to stop thinking about him when he was alive, nevermind when Steve died and left him all alone in a school full of jerks. Matt was still picking him up and talking to him in public, but Andrew wanted Steve back and this seemed like his only chance. Andrew nodded puffing out cold frosted smoke before his answer. \"Yeah, sure\" They walked back over to Andrew's house creeping past his dad's room and sat on the floor, while Steve sat on the bed. \"Andrew sit up here\" Steve said patting the bed. \"You can sleep there\" Andrew said. \"It's OK I'll take the floor\" Andrew didn't mind, the only times he slept on the floor he didn't actually realise it. It was always after one of his dad's beatings. Andrew would wake up on the floor, look in the mirror, get flashbacks of being slapped in the face and get ready for school. They'd both pretend it never happened as his mom was fighting for her life in her own private coffin. \"Come on Detmer, were sleeping top and tail, get up, or we'll argue and It'll get noisy\" After explaining to Andrew what \"Top and tail\" was they ended up head to head anyway. Steve took his shirt off and began folding his shirt up until he saw Andrew's cheeks getting red. \"OK, I'll stop stripping\" Steve said putting his shirt back on. \"So can we talk about your \"seductive soliloquy\" at my grave?\" Steve asked. \"Not really\" Andrew said. \"I know what's coming, you've got a girlfriend and even if you didn't, you wouldn't like me\" \"Detmer, you're such a downer, you assume and second guess everything and everyone\" Steve said plumping up their pillow. \"Steve I'm sorry, not just for being a douche, but for causing that storm, I was an ass, selfish and stupid, and I should have listened to you, you were right...you're always right\" Andrew said moving as far as he could away from Steve in the bed, but Steven snugged up to Andrew and pulled him from the edge of the mattress. \"Andrew I know you and I know you wouldn't hurt me, because you're not two faced and you know I could kick your ass\" Steve teased, as he brushed his lips against the back of Andrew's neck. \"I like you Andrew...as in that way, as in I'd date...as in a crush\" Steve said as he took his arm away from Andrew's chest. \"Andrew look at me if you wanna give this a shot\" Steve asked. Andrew didn't move a muscle, but it wasn't because he didn't want to, they were going to be disturbed, he could feel it and got out of the bed and back onto the floor. \"Oh...OK then\" Steve said as he leaned over to look at Andrew's body, but was alarmed by a tap on the window. \"Andrew\" said Matt tapping again on his window. \"Are you OK? I'm getting the nosebleeds again\" Andrew got up and opened the window avoiding Steve's look of betrayal as his cousin flew in and stared at them both in shock.[Chapter 2] A/N: Thanks to everyone for the reviews. Strong Language. \"Andrew?\" Matt asked. Andrew groaned as he got up off the floor. The magic of having steve back was ruined. He opened the door before his dad woke up and went nuts. \"Andrew what the fuck's going on?\" His cousin asked. Andrew shrugged his shoulders and followed Matt to his room. \"Matt...I need to tell you something...\" Andrew said as Matt began to open the door. \"Boo!\" Steve said pouncing out in front of Matt. \"Fuck!\" Matt yelled. \"Yeah, that's what you call a prank from beyond the grave\" Steve said sitting on Andrew's bed. \"Steve...What?...How?...\" Matt began looking at Steve, then Andrew. \"Andrew when were you gonna tell me?\" He asked. \"Don't get mad, it's hard for anyone to handle this, even brainy Detmer\" Steve said. \"Come on Steve I'll take you back to your place\" Matt said. Andrew's heart sunk. Typical Matt. As soon as Andrew felt like he had Steve all to himself, Matt was ready to take Steve away. It wasn't fair. \"Matt I can't face them now. I need to get my story straight\" Steve said. \"I'm gonna stay at Andrew's until morning, then see my folks\" Steve said. \"Well, if you're staying, I'm staying here too\" Matt said taking his Jacket off and putting it on Andrew's computer chair. Matt and Steve both took Andrew's bed. Andrew stayed on the floor trying to sleep while Matt was trying to understand how Steve cheated death. \"I thought Andrew's storm was just too fucking powerful?\" Matt asked. \"I woke up and I'm groggy and in a casket. Bugs are crawling up my nose and my mouth's full of dirt, and those were the good points\" Steve said. \"I got the hell out of the grave and was laying low until Detective Detmer found me\" Steve said. \"What was Andrew doing out that late anyway?\" Matt asked. \"He was feeling like hell about the storm\" Steve said defending him. \"God he's so selfish. If he'd pulled himself together and grew up, there wouldn't have been a storm. You wouldn't have gone through all of this...\" Matt said. \"Matt let's just, go to sleep okay, I've got a big day tomorrow\" Steve said as Matt turned his feet towards the headboard and the boys slept top to tail. \"Night Matt, Night Steve\" Andrew said. \"Shut up Andrew\" Matt whispered. \"Let's all shut up...night guys\" Steve said as Andrew drifted off into a sleep of guilty awkwardness. Andrew woke up in the morning to find Matt and Steve gone. There were so many things that Andrew wanted to say to Steve but couldn't. Maybe it would be better at school. He was wrong. Matt picked him up as usual and there was a huge crowd of people near the entrance. Andrew got pushed and shoved and made his way near the front. Steve was there talking to guys that wanted to know what the chicks in heaven were like and Girls that wanted to touch Steve to make sure that he wasn't a ghost. \"Ladies Ladies please, you can touch me anywhere you want after class\" Steve said. After the crowd were separated by teachers, a school assembly was held. The principal announced that Steve was alive and well and that details of his recovery were confidential. Anyone that asked Steve about his trauma was to be suspended until further notice. That kept the questioning kids away and Andrew and Matt were able to talk to Steve in class in peace. \"Pity that didn't last\" Steve said at break-time. \"It was cool to be a celebrity for a while\" \"No change there\" Andrew said taking a bite out of his sandwich. \"So? Are you jealous Andrew?\" Matt asked. \"Everyone should be jealous of us. I mean we still have you know what \" Steve said grinning. \"Yeah, anytime you wanna come round to mine Steve, it's cool\" Matt said. \"Thanks\" Steve said getting up as a girl came towards him. \"Tina..hey\" Steve said walking up to the girl who used to be his girlfriend and giving her a hug. \"Stevie I missed you so much\" Tina said kissing him on the cheek. Unable to deal with the girlfriend reunion happening right in front of his face, Andrew excused himself and went to the toilets. He kept his head in books all day and told his father that he was gonna take a walk around. \"Walk? You may as well get me some soda while you're out\" His father said. Andrew was left waiting for his Dad to give him the money. \"Don't pretend that you're broke Andrew\" His father said. \"I'll check every drawer in your fucking room if I have to\" Andrew went to his room, got some money and went to the store. He got his Dad's soda, potato chips and chocolate for himself. He then went to the quietest that place he could find. His and Steve's lunch spot. He looked down at the buildings wondering where Steve was and if he was with Tina. He should have said something when Steve put him on the spot, when they were alone in his room. he was such a coward. But Steve knew that already. \"Got a potato chip going spare?\" Steve asked. \"Sorry I scared you\" Steve said watching Andrew's frightened face. \"Can't you just text me like you used to?\" Andrew asked. \"Me and Tina. We're more like friends now\" Steve said. \"I'm just glad that I get to spend time with her\" Steve said. \"You don't have to explain it\" Andrew said. \"Who you date...it's got nothing to do with me\" Andrew lied shrugging. \"The Friendship card...nice\" Steve said sitting down. Andrew liked having Steve here alone. No interruptions, no school, no teachers, no other kids queuing up to see Steve, no girlfriends and no Matt. \"Matt wants to meet up\" Steve told him. \"He wants to test our powers, you know, to keep them in check\" Steve said. \"He told you first\" Andrew noted. \"He didn't tell me. Do you like Matt better now?\" Andrew asked. \"Andrew, Matt's your freaking cousin, he's always gonna like you better\" Steve said. Andrew passed him the potato chip bag and Steve took a couple and passed the bag back. Andrew's heart was beating faster as their fingertips touched. \"Time for a soda?\" Steve asked pointing at the six-pack of soda by Andrew's leg. \"No\" Andrew said pulling the soda pack closer towards him. \"Come on, we'll do a \"Cheers\" for my first day back at school\" Steve said. \"No, these are my Dad's sodas\" Andrew said. \"Detmer your Dad won't mind\" Steve said with a smile. He leaned towards Andrew but Andrew grabbed the cans and stood up. \"Won't mind? You don't know my Dad Steve. You don't know me either\" Andrew said, running of the building ledge and keeping his Dad's can's under his arms until he reached the ground. His mobile phone was ringing. He ignored the calls from Steve and a hour later he answered a random call from his cousin. \"Hey\" Andrew said. \"Andrew what the hell did you do to Steve?\" Matt asked. \"What?\" Andrew asked. \"Steve said that you two met up alone. Now, he's bleeding. What the fuck did you do to Steve Andrew?\" Matt asked, violent accusations poisoning his voice.[Chapter 3] A/N: Adding a [Sixteen year old] UFC fighter Rory MacDonald. A/N: Adding The character John Morlar from the film \"The Medusa Touch\" A/N: To Mayhem In Stockton Readers. There are possible Spoilers. A/N: To Chronicle Readers. Sorry about the Delay. Thanks for the Reviews. A/N: Strong Language. Disturbing scenes. Violent Scenes. A/N: The word \"Blanked\" means \"Ignored\" Andrew Detmer didn't know how he'd found himself in this position. Only days ago, his dreams had come true. He'd been in bed. Cradled by Steve's muscular arms. Now he was standing at school In-between his Best Friend and his Cousin. Steve looked at him in Confusion. Matt Stared at Andrew in anger. He'd blanked Matt Yesterday. He'd turned his phone off and hadn't answered any calls from anyone. Surprisingly that night his Dad had been in a Good mood. It was a pity that Andrew hadn't felt the same way. He was dreading coming into school today. Yet here he was. It was Two against One. \"Matt Calm down. I told you. Some tall Jack-ass tried to take my wallet\" Steve told him. Andrew could barely look at Steve. Steve was bruised. His jaw was swollen and his nose was still red from the Nose-Bleeds he'd had last night. \"Andrew, if I find out...that you had anything to do with this...\" Matt said Ruefully. The school bell went off and Matt patted Steve on the back and walked with him to class. Andrew felt the jealousy burning. What good were his powers if he couldn't get Matt away from Steve? At lunch-Time, Andrew found himself all alone. This wasn't the first time this had ever happened. But it was the first time since Steve had been his Best Friend that he found himself going on top of a building alone and eating sandwiches there. He couldn't go to a Skyscraper. That was a \"Steve\" Place. Andrew didn't need those memories right now. After lunch, Andrew just sat with another kid. His name was Rory MacDonald. He was a nerd, but he didn't make fun of Andrew like the rest of the kids did. Every now and again, he'd catch Steve glancing over. He wished he could read Steve's mind, just for one day. Andrew wanted control. Over Steve's actions. Over Steve's mind and Steve's body. There was way no way he could get him, if Steve just blocked him out all the time. When Geography was over Andrew was pulling up his bag, when an Apple fell out. He hadn't eaten it at lunch. \"What's that Detmer, home lunch? Did you have to pimp your own Mother out for this Apple Detmer?\" Anthony, a school bully asked. He grabbed the Apple from the floor. The class started laughing. \"That's rich, coming from an asshole that had to repeat a grade\" Rory MacDonald said. He snatched Andrew's apple away from Anthony and gave it back to Andrew. Andrew nodded a thanks and walked out of class with Rory. They were talking about how scared Anthony looked, when Andrew felt a tap on his shoulder. He thought it was Anthony back for Round Two. \"Hey...can we talk?\" Steve asked. Andrew told Rory that he'd see him later. Andrew and Steve walked outside into the Soccer seats. With Steve, the Cheerleaders didn't give Andrew those weird looks. \"Andrew, what are you doing with that Strange Rory kid?\" Steve asked, gently touching Andrew's arm. Sure, Andrew liked that touch. He wanted more of it. But Andrew had a few questions of his own. \"Why did you let Matt think that I hit you?\" Andrew asked. \"I'd never do that. I'd never hurt you\" Andrew said. \"It's settled now, and I tried to tell him before...\" Steve started to say. \"Next time, Try harder\" Andrew said. He got up and walked away. \"So...that's what I said to Steve Mom. Yeah...Yeah I do feel really guilty about it\" Andrew said. Now with the school day over. He was telling his Mom about what he'd said to Steve. He'd told his Mom about his feelings for Steve as well. He had no idea if she was really listening. But he liked to pretend that she was. In Andrew's mind, his Mom was okay with it. \"And Steve was like \"What are you doing with Strange Rory? And he touched my arm. Like this...\" Andrew said, with his hand in Mid-air... \"What the fuck do you think you're doing!\" His Father Richard shouted. \"I just...\" Andrew said. \"Get away from her, get out!\" Richard shouted. Andrew stood up slowly. He walked around his Mother's bed and past his Father. Yeah, His Dad had been drinking this early. Andrew could smell it on him. He didn't get past his Mom's door frame, before his Dad grabbed him. \"I'm sorry\" Andrew said. This time, would his Dad let him go? \"You will be\" His Dad said. The first punch was never the hardest. The more Andrew tried to fight back, the more violent his Dad became. It was during the beating that Andrew finally realised why he was so mad at Matt. He realised why he was so mad at Steve. He was mad at Steve for staying silent at first, like his Mom did. He was mad at his Cousin Matt, for thinking that he, Andrew Detmer, could be violent towards anything, or anyone. He was mad that Matt and Steve couldn't see the truth. Steve looked at Andrew's Dad and saw a Happy-Go-Lucky Ex fireman. Matt looked at Richard and saw a Brave, Sports Addicted, fun loving uncle. Matt and Steve would never see this. They would never see the creature that Richard Detmer had become. Andrew wanted to disappear inside of himself because of this. Andrew must Have drifted off, because when he woke up, he was still on the floor, and it was a blurry Star-filled dark. He picked himself up. He didn't put the light on in case his Dad was still awake. He crept down the stairs and opened the front door. Andrew still had his trainers on, so he could make a quick escape. He opened the door, then stepped back when he saw a shadow. \"Hello. You must be Andrew Detmer\" The man said. He was casually dressed, with gelled combed hair and a determined stare that drilled holes into Andrew's brain. Andrew put a bloody finger to his lips. \"My family's asleep. How do you know my name?\" Andrew asked. He thought this guy was a salesman or something. \"Mr Detmer. Hello, I'm Dr Morlar. We know about you\" Dr Morlar said. \" We? What do you know about me?\" Andrew asked. \"Everything\" Dr Morlar replied. A sleek Black car pulled up along-side the pavement. \"Another school bully did that? Did they?\" Dr Morlar said, pointing at the blood on Andrew's cheek. Andrew nodded. This \"Doctor\" obviously didn't know everything. \"Don't worry Andrew. You'll be safe. If you just come with us\" Dr Morlar said. Andrew looked around on the street. He silently shut his door and hoped that his Dad wasn't watching. Dr Morlar gave Andrew a folded Tissue. Andrew wiped the blood off of his face, as Dr Morlar gently held Andrew at the back of the neck. The Doctor steered Andrew towards the mysterious Black car. For Andrew being with a Stranger would be better than being back in that house. With his Mom and... Richard.[Chapter 4] A/N: Thanks for the reviews! Adding characters from \" The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo \" Andrew looked out of the tinted windows. What the hell was he doing? He was always the cautious one in siuations like this. That being said, he hadn't been taken by a stranger before. Maybe weirdos went after the Cute Popular kids. But now here he was. His face was swelling up. The napkin Dr Morlar had given him was now useless from all the blood. He wondered what to do with The napkin. He couldn't look at it anymore without thinking about his Dad's beating. Then all of a sudden, the car stopped. Andrew was slammed back in car. He sniffed and Dr Morlar turned around. \"Mr Detmer, we know \" Dr Morlar said with a Grin. \"Know what?\" Andrew asked. The Doctor pointed towards the buliding. They both got out of the car and Andrew followed Dr Morlar in. They went through the gate In the building and there were rows of rooms. To Andrew it looked a lot like school. Dr Morlar opened a door for him. \"Mr Detmer, come in\" Dr Morlar said. And he opened the door. Andrew stepped in and saw a Girl on her computer, typing. \"Umm..Hi\" Andrew said nervously. The Girl didn't smile back. She just looked at him wth a hard stare. Then she turned back to her computer and carried on typing. Andrew wondered if this was some kind of scaring Tactic. The Girl was dressed in a Goth type of style. Dark clothes. Silver Jewellery. He was sure this Girl had Tattoos as well. He Sat down and Dr Morlar sat down opposite him. The conversation they had went round in circles. \"Andrew we know about the cave\" Dr Morlar said. \"Huh\" \"Mr Detmer we know about your powers\" Dr Morlar would say. \"What powers? Sir...I'm tired\" Andrew felt his pockets under the table. Shit. He had no phone. He didn't really take it out with him. The only people that talked to him were his family. And even then it wasn't much . He needed to know if this Doctor had seen Matt. No, that couldn't be possible. Matt would have warned him first. Andrew would never know now, because he didn't have his mobile on him. The only good thing about this, was that Steve could be kept out of this . \"So, Steve Montgomery is Very much Alive and well\" Dr Morlar said as if he was reading Andrew's mind. Andrew knew he had to handle this calmly. But maybe freaking out was the best way to go. Andrew was still pissed at Steve, but they both knew their friend-ship would over-come this. He told Dr Morlar the same story Matt had told everyone at school. \"Steve was in an accident . A Car thing. The Doctor's made a mistake. Sir you are making a mistake\" \"Well maybe we should bring Steve in to question him\" Doctor Morlar said. Andrew bent his head down. The table moved maybe half an inch off of the ground. Andrew pulled his chair in so that the Doctor would be distracted. He didn't want Steve anywhere near this Guy. But he couldn't get angry enough to use his powers. \"Sir Steve has nothing to say. I've got nothing to say. I'm gonna go...now\" Andrew got up. The Goth Girl at the computer got up and showed him out. \"Lisbeth will take you home. I'll be seeing you again Mr Detmer\" Dr Morlar said, looking at the blood on Andrew's Shirt. Andrew ignored him and walked with this \"Lisbeth\" down the corridoor. \"What is this place?\" Andrew asked. \"It's confidential. But your powers are not . This \"Steve\" makes you angry\" Lisbeth said. it was more of an accusation, than a Question. Andrew stopped walking, but Lisbeth proddded him on, until they were outside. \"Steve's not my favourite person\" Andrew said. \"I figured. Goodbye, Mr Detmer, be safe\" Lisbeth said. Andrew was puzzled by her. He was puzzled by everything . But he didn't want to stick around to figure things out. He walked the normal way home, stopping and asking Passers-by for directions. He called Matt on the way home. \"Hey, this Dr Moaner Guy, have you spoken to him?\" Andrew asked. \"Andrew I never thought I'd ask this, but are you on something ?\" Matt asked Andrew. \"So you have no idea what I'm talking about?\" Andrew asked. \"No, do you ?\" Matt said. Andrew heard whispers and laughter in the back-ground. He figured Matt was with Casey. \"We've gotta talk tomorrow\" Andrew said. \"Okay whatever\" Matt ended the call. \"Matt? Matt?\" Andrew put down the pay-phone. He was going to get a Quick shower, even if the noise did piss off his Dad. He put the key in the lock, when someone patted him on the shoulder. Without thinking, Andrew used his powers and sent the Guy flying. \"Shit Andrew!\" \"God Steve !\" Andrew yelled anxiously running to his friend's side. He helped him up and they walked towards his house. \"What the hell happened to you?\" Steve asked looking at Andrew's bloody shirt. \"I fell over walking home\"Andrew lied. \"Really?\" Steve asked. Andrew was secretly pleased at his friend's concern. But he played it cool. The way Steve would. \"So you care all of a sudden?\" Andrew asked. \"Damn right I care Andrew. Some Dr Morling Guy was knocking at my door yesterday. I came to warn you\" \"Too late. I've seen him\" Andrew said. \"And he hurt you? Fuck!\" Steve said angrily. Andrew shook his head. \"I fell over . This Dr Morling or whatever. He's weird. I played dumb. But he's not going to stop\" \"How much do you think he knows?\" Steve asked. \"I don't wanna know\" Andrew told him. \"You know what else I wanna know ?\" Steve asked. \"What?\" \"Andrew...umm...Do you...wanna go out sometime?\" Steve asked. \"What?\" Andrew asked. \"Wow. We've been friends for a while and...this is still really awkward. So you're beat up and everything, but umm..you avoid me at school. And we're alone and...I just thought I'd ask. Everyone at school is kinda bugging me about the fake car accident that never happened. I have to lie all the time. I don't lie when I'm with you Andrew. Yeah that's corny but it's true\" Steve said. \"Where would we go?\" Andrew said beginning to picture the date in his mind. Umm...the Boy's toilets at school, Nah, I'm kidding. Sushi bar, Fun-fair, a movie. Anything you want Andrew\" Steve said. It got colder. The Boys instinctively came closer together for warmth. \"I just want us to be friends. I don't care where we hang out\"Andrew told him. \"That's cute Andrew. But I Like you a lot. And I just figured I Could take you somewhere special\" \"No Matt?\" Andrew asked smiling. \"I try not to Date Two cousins at Once. unless you're into that freaky stuff. Just me and you Andrew. So Detmer...What do you say?\" Steve asked. It was getting darker, but to Andrew Steve's face was luminous. It was like Steve's Nervousness served as a torch. Andrew stared at Steve and couldn't stop until he realized that Steve was waiting. \"Well if this is a special invite. Just for me , then...\" Andrew started to say \" Andrew ! Yeah I can see your ass!\" Andrew's Dad Richard yelled from the window. \"Steve ain't you got a home to go to young man?\" Richard asked. \"Yes Sir Good-night\" Steve said. He nodded at Andrew. Andrew could only say Goodbye to his best friend, with his eyes. ","Summary":" A/N: Slash, Strong Language. He told his brain not to, but every night, he'd dreamt about it. The e"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"You again","Author":"scorpion22","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10359851","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I own nothing. I thought of this when I was watching the deleted scenes from the film. Chapter 1 Juno stood alone in the aisle of a music store looking through cd after cd of music. She didn't see anyone come into the aisle with her, she didn't notice that person staring at her and she didn't notice when that person started walking towards her. \"Juno \"said a familiar voice finally getting her attention and when she turned in that person's direction she found herself staring into Mark's face. \"Mark \"said Juno is shock before a silence fell between them simply staring at each other both surprised to see the other. \"It's been almost a year since we've seen each other how are you, you look really good \"exclaimed Mark and it was clear to her that he was nervous about seeing her again. \" I'm good I had the baby gave it to Vanessa now my life's starting to get back to normal \" said Juno her words coming out in a rush as her heart beat faster despite the fact that she was dating Bleaker she still had a huge crush on Mark the man standing in front of her. \"Yeah I know Vanessa let me see him he's beautiful \"smiled Mark and Juno couldn't help, but smile back. \"What's his name \"whispered Juno looking down at the floor wishing she hadn't of asked that question as soon as it left her mouth she had no right to know that baby was Vanessa's baby now not hers. They moved to a couple of chairs sitting side by side in silence. \" Andy his name is Andy him and Vanessa are very happy \" whispered Mark taking her hand as he spoke silently telling her that it was alright to care. \"Good \"whispered Juno letting him continue to hold her hand for a few seconds before she ripped it from his grasp. \"Are you still writing music \"said Juno looking away from him deep down wondering why even though she had Bleaker why she wanted to jump this guy in that moment? \" Yeah I'm still writing music, but not just for commercials anymore I'm writing my own music I'd love for you to hear some of it \" said Mark nearly making her jump when he placed his hand over hers as it rested on the table. Silence surrounded them again as Juno let him take her hand as he slid a card with his name and phone number across the table at her. \"Why are you giving me this \"said Juno moving her hand away from his and looking at him feeling a burning inside her body as their eyes met and she picked up the card? \"I was hoping you'd have dinner with me \"smiled Mark letting his eyes roam over her body for the first time increasing the burning and increasing her urges to jump him. \"I can't have dinner with you \"exclaimed Juno ripping her hand away from his again when he attempted to take hers again. \"Juno come on a dinner between friends won't hurt anybody \"whispered Mark trying to persuade her to change her mind. He took both her hands making her look at him and as he did and she looked him in the eyes she knew there was only one answer she could give. \" Fine, but nothing fancy something simple and you will meet me a block from my house no one will see us and after we will never see each other again \" demanded Juno trying to sound harsh, but failing she couldn't take her eyes from his and she wanted him to hold her hands forever. \"When and where \"smiled Mark letting go of one of her hands watching as she tried to hide a smile from him. \"Anywhere no one we know will see us \"said Juno thinking as she did that Bleaker never looked at her the way Mark was right now and she suddenly wished he would. \"You asked me so you decide where we're going \"snapped Juno looking at him like he was an idiot for not assuming this. Despite the way she talked to him Mark smiled and started laughing making her look at him confused by his reaction finding her hand suddenly in his again. \"How's Saturday \"asked Mark squeezing her hand as he spoke? \"Saturday's good pick me up at six thirty \"snapped Juno again standing removing her hand from his. \"Juno \"called Mark making her turn as she walked away from him. \"What now \"snapped Juno giving him an annoyed look as she turned staring him down as she waited to find out why he hollered after her. \"You didn't give me your address \"smiled Mark smugly walking over to her and hand her a piece of paper and a pen. \" Oh yeah sorry I forgot \" said Juno writing her address on the paper and handing it back to him and leaving again. He let her leave this time he simply stuffed the paper into his pocket smiling happily. \" I'm an idiot \" said Juno as she left the shop walking quickly away not to her house, but to her friend Leah's she was the only person she could talk to right now. Knocking on Leah's door she breathed a sign when she answered. \"Dude what's up \"said Leah walking out onto the porch. \"I might be in trouble \"said Juno staring at her friend.[Chapter 2] I own nothing. Chapter 2 \"Oh my god, are you pregnant again\" exclaimed Leah immediately making a laugh break from Juno's throat. This was why she loved Leah, why she was her best friend; she knew just when she needed a laugh. \"Is that a no?\" said Leah sitting down on the steps of her house with her. \"Yes, it's a no…but I'll be sure to tell Bleaker you think he has super sperm\" gasped Juno her laughter settling down. Silence fell as they sat there until finally Juno looked at her. \"I ran into Mark at the music store\" said Juno the words coming out causing this numb feeling as they did. \"He asked me to dinner\" continued Juno before Leah could respond. \"What'd you say?\" said Leah practically screaming it even as Juno shushed her. \"I said yes\" exclaimed Juno rising to pace the sidewalk in front of the house. \"And this is bad…why?\" whispered Leah her eyes following her friend. \"Bleaker!\" snapped Juno stopping to stare at her in exasperation. \"So…you and Bleaker aren't married. There's nothing wrong with a casual dinner between friends\" said Leah. \"It is just a casual dinner, right?\" said Leah drawing the question out much to Juno's frustration. Juno stared at her a moment before her pacing began again and a smile spread across Leah's face instantly. Running in front of her friend, Leah stopped her. \"Junes…do you like him?\" whispered Leah. Juno wouldn't look at her until suddenly she did. She didn't say yes or no, but when Leah looking into her eyes, she saw the truth. That Juno really didn't know how she felt. \"I love Bleaker\" whispered Juno refusing to look at her. \"But Mark…he understands me…no one's ever saw me the way he does\" whispered Juno a few tears breaking free. Leah guided her friend to sit on the steps again and taking her hands, she made her look at her. \"Junes…if you truly love Bleaker nothings going to happen. It's just dinner\" said Leah her words slow yet sure as if she was reciting a fact from a book. \"Just dinner, say it\" whispered Leah leaning down in front of her. After a moment, Juno looked at her a calm seeming to fall over her, and nodding Juno said it. \"It's just dinner\" said Juno releasing a sigh as the words left her lips. \"Just dinner\" whispered Leah guiding her friend into another hug feeling as Juno released another sigh her head on Leah's shoulder. Despite everything Leah had said, Juno had a sinking feeling inside herself. Something told her that her words were false. This was anything other then just dinner. ","Summary":" I own nothing. I thought of this when I was watching the deleted scenes from the film. Chapter 1 Ju"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Oi Juno, eu quero saber de você","Author":"Just Fe","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4584640","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oi Juno, O filmenJuno não me pertence nem a idéia de uma troca de cartas entre Junone seu filho. A idéia veio da fanfic \"Hey Kid\" de Silverviper2134ne ela me deu permissão para escrever a resposta do garoto. -- Oi Juno, Nãonposso mentir dizendo que só recebi sua carta agora, mas não se podenesperar que uma criança de seis anos vá escrever algo que valhannuma carta. Fiz vários rascunhos, juro, mas nunca enviei nada...nAcho que não dava para enviar, era confuso naquela época e ainda énmeio confuso hoje. Você sabe, tudo aquilo que aconteceu e tal... Nãontenho certeza do que quero falar para você ou o porquê de estarnescrevendo isso tanto tempo depois. Sei que é sacanagem com você eunter demorado tanto, foi mal. Então você é minha mãe, isso énlegal, você parece ser legal... O tipo de garota que eu gostaria dennamorar. Curte boa música e bons filmes (Vi aquele que vocênrecomendou, é um banho de sangue formidável! O máximo do Trash!),nna primeira carta você ainda parece bem jovem e tocava guitarra?!nWow! É difícil achar uma garota assim. Estou desviando do assunto,nnão é? É um péssimo hábito. Vocêntalvez queira saber mais sobre mim, mas não há muito a se dizer...nSou o Davis e tenho quinze anos, toco bateria para o desespero danVanessa e gosto de tirar fotos. Faço barulho de mais para aquelancasa tão parada e fria, é muito limpa e organizada, as únicasncoisas fora do lugar são as que eu mexo! Falta gente, se bem que eunacho que quem vive em casas mais agitadas deseje justamente isso...nArre! Estou fazendo de novo, viu? Bom, nósnainda temos o papelzinho... Aquela conta com o seu bilhete atrás,nfica pendurado no meu quarto em um quadro. Não gostava muito delenquando era criança, sentia-me como se fosse um produto que foinvendido... Não! Pára! Eu não quis dizer isso! Eu não te culpo pornter me entregue para ela, afinal ela é legal e tudo mais. Eu tenhonquase a idade que você tinha quando engravidou e não consigo menimaginar sendo pai quanto mais carregando um moleque na minha barrigane tendo de alimentá-lo! Merda! Eu mal consigo cuidar de mim mesmo!nAh, mas eu não acho que lares adolescentes sejam nocivos, peloncontrário... Tem amigo meu que é melhor pai do que muito \"adulto\"npor aí! Acho quenvocê já sabe bastante de mim, não é Juno? E eu ainda sei tãonpouco de você! Fez faculdade? Trabalha com quê? Casou? Com o Blakern(chama-lo de pai seria meio esquisito)? Teve ou vai ter outrosnfilhos? Espero que tenha tido, não sei... Seria injusto você nãonter tido nenhum outro e dado o seu único a outra pessoa. Esperonque esteja bem e feliz Juno; Do seunfilho que não é seu filho: DavisnRichard. Não te culpo por ter pensado em aborto. PS: seguenem anexo a \"cartinha\" que escrevi quando tinha seis anos. Achonque mães gostam dessas coisas estúpidas de criancinhas.[Chapter 2] Oi Juno, O filmenJuno não me pertence nem a idéia de uma troca de cartas entre Junone seu filho. A idéia veio da fanfic \"Hey Kid\" de Silverviper2134ne ela me deu permissão para escrever a resposta do garoto. -- Oi Juno, Isso énesquisito. Não é um esquisito ruim, é esquisito diferente. Eu saíndaí? Aí por onde as garotas fazem xixi? A mamãe não me explicoundireito de onde vêm os bebês, mas é muito nojento! Err... Sabe...nIsso é legal, bem legal. A maioria das crianças tem apenas uma mãene eu tenho duas! Além dum pai! Eu não tinha pai antes e isso énmeio chato porque a casa é muito grande e mamãe não joga bolandireito e não gosta de assistir luta na tv. Eu estou te chateando? Anminha história não é tão legal quanto os filmes da TV. Sou só umngaroto e me chamo Davis. Agoranvocê sabe o meu nome, não é? Pode me chamar por ele se quiser,nvocê quer saber mais sobre mim? Eu tenho sete anos e estou nanescola, já sei ler e escrever e sou o melhor aluno de todos! Tá,nnão é verdade verdade... Mas poderia ser! Eu gosto de filmes denluta e carros, além dos do espaço sideral! Quero ser astronautanquando crescer... Ou bombeiro ou policial ou motorista de caminhãonou motoqueiro ou lutador de boxe ou... Ou qualquer outra coisa legal!nSou um rapaz bem corajoso sabia? Não tenho medo do escuro nem dentrovões, bom, talvez só um pouquinho! E não acredito no monstro denbaixo da cama! Queria saber jogar basebol, ter um cachorro e um ET denestimação! Gosto de brincar com carrinhos, soldadinhos ensuper-heróis! Não gosto de tomar banho, ir ao dentista e tomarninjeção. Juno...nPor que eu não pude ficar com você? Não estou reclamando, mamãe énmuito boa e age como todas as mães agem, mas por que não você? Pornque não com você e o papai? Davis Richard. PS: Você é real, não é? Não é algo como a fada do dente ou onPapai Noel, não é? E o papai também, não é? ","Summary":" Oi Juno, O filmenJuno não me pertence nem a idéia de uma troca de cartas entre Junone seu filho. A "},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Falling","Author":"vindictive-much","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4350062","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Falling Summary:nSome things are forever, even when you want them to end. That's thenway it is for Vanessa and Mark. Disclaimer:nI do not own anything! XxX Chaptern1: The Denial of a Broken Hearted Single Mother Everynnow and then his memory creeps to the front of her mind. It's beennfive years since she saw him and she's content with the life shenlives now. She has her son, her job, her friends, she doesn't havenmuch time for dating. The last date she went on was a year ago, setnup by one of her girlfriends, and it didn't end well. Vanessa'snfriend neglected to mention that she had a son. She tells herself shendoesn't want things back the way they used to be, she doesn't wantnhim back in her life. Why would she want to be with someone with suchnchildish priorities? Mark was the one that left her, and even if shendid want him back, which she told herself she didn't, he obviouslynwouldn't. Shenstill dreams of him, even though she doesn't want to. In sleep, inndreams, she knows more than she could admit to anyone, even herself.nShe remembers the close proximity, the warmth and the sparks fromnevery touch. She had done this so many times with the same movements,nthe same emotions, the same words – or lack of. She would nevernhave him this close to her again, and subconciously she regrets that.nHis arms hold her tight against him and she eagerly returns thengesture. She knows she'll never touch him again. She awakes with angasp, clasping her hands over her chest as her heart races. She feelsnthe sickness and insanity of loving a wound solely because heninflicted it, \"No...\" she whispers, tears streaming down hernface. Innher day to day life she wears a mask to fool those around her. She'snstill in touch with Juno, the true mother of her son, Jamie. Jamienhas met Juno but he doesn't know the truth. Vanessa does intend tontell him someday, but not now when he's only five years-old. Juno isnengaged now, ironically to the boy that got her pregnant. Anybody cannsee that they're happy together, and Vanessa hopes that happinessnlasts, unlike it did with her and Mark. There are times that shenwants to admit to Juno that she regrets letting go of Mark so easily,nbut how could she tell that to the girl that Mark told he was leavingnher? She's had enough of their problems dumped on her and it's anwonder they're still in touch. She'snboxed up all his pictures and banished them to the attic. She doesn'tnhave the heart to throw them away. Just the other day she ventured upnthere, forgetting whatever it was she went up there for the momentnshe laid eyes upon the box. For unknown reasons she opened the boxnand saw his face for the first time in five years. In those picturesnthey appeared to be the perfect couple, looked so happy, and theynwere. Mark was the only man she'd ever loved, even when he drove herncrazy with his immaturity and unwillingness to own up to hisnresponsibilities she loved him to death. When Vanessa was with Marknshe felt like she could open up and she wasn't afraid to let him seenher for all she was, all her faults and all her insecurities. Shenloved him more than words could say, and she thought that Mark feltnthe same way about her. He once wrote an attempt at a love song forntheir anniversary and it was the cheesiest thing she ever heard, butnit was also the sweetest thing. They were devestated when they foundnout they couldn't concieve and they made the decision together tonadopt a child. Juno once asked if Vanessa blamed her for Mark leavingnher. Vanessa could never blame her, because in the end it probablynwould've happened anyway. In fact, the chance that Juno gave her wasnthe only thing that kept her going after she and Mark seperated. Everynsong she listens to on the radio reminds her of him. She sings alongnto We BelongnTogether bynMariah Carey and cries whenever she hears LikenWe Never Loved At All by Meatloaf and Faith Hill. But why would she when she doesn't missnhim? She's moved on, hasn't she? That's what she wants to believe,nbut in her dreams she knows that nobody could take Mark's place innher heart, she still wishes she was looking into the eyes of thatndope she married. Her only vice is him, her addiction to thenheartbreaking bastard. She's love sick and there is no cure.[Chapter 2] Sorrynfor the long wait. I'm so freaking lazy. xD XxX Chaptern2: Confessions of a Rock Star Wannabe Markndoesn't know what he's doing back in town, what he hopes to gain fromnit, but he knows this is a mistake. There's a risk of running intonVanessa, but secretly that's a risk he wants to take, just to see hernface again. He's not perfect, most men aren't, and he's made hisnmistakes. The biggest mistake he made was leaving his wife, and henknows it's too late to correct it. At the same time he keeps an eyenout for her when he walks down the street, just to 'bump into her'nand guage her reaction, see if there's still a spark, if they stillnhave a chance. His heart breaks at the realization that he stillnloves her. Thingsnhaven't been going well for him lately. He's tried moving on, butnit's not the same. He knows he can never feel for someone else thenway he does for Vanessa. She's prevelent in every dream, nightmare ornsexual fantasy. She's a killer, she's a school girl, sometimes henjust dreams he sees her again – she always hates him. He laughs atnhimself for this. Only pathetic losers still fantasize about theirnex-wife. But the truth is that's him, a pathetic loser that's stillnin love with his ex-wife. Thenncomes what Mark would refer to afterwards as, \"karma kicking hisnass.\" He's at the mall buying some new clothes. His hotel room hadnbeen broken into while he was out earlier and he was robbed. Theyntook most of his posessions, minus his guitar and his wallet, both ofnwhich he had with him when he went out. Mark has very little faith innthe police, and he highly doubts that they'll find the thieves, andneven if they do his stuff will probably have been sold by then. Asnhe's in the food court, finishing the last of a cheeseburger, henspots a young woman with long, brown hair in a ponytail. She'snwalking out of the flower shop with a frustrated look on her face andnfrom the looks of it most likely cursing under her breath. She's anlittle taller and much less pregnant than the last time he saw her,nbut Mark recognizes her as Juno MacGuff. He thinks about running andnhiding as she comes his way. Did she notice him? What would she say?nWould she even say anything? Marknknows better than to assume things would be cool right away. He knowsnhe did a terrible thing dropping that kind of bomb on her. It wasnthanks to her he realized he wasn't ready to be a father, but lookingnback on it now he thinks of himself as stupid for it. He was going tongo through with it for Vanessa because he loved her – and he stillndoes – and if every man let his fears of being a father get to himnall men would do what he did. If Juno notices him and decides tonspeak to him, Mark will at least try to apologize. \"Mark?\" Andnit all just goes down hill from there. ","Summary":" Falling Summary:nSome things are forever, even when you want them to end. That's thenway it is for "},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Beyond Us","Author":"SunshineBum","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12029015","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Did you see what Sean was doing in the hall?\" giggled a blonde sitting at her desk with one leg crossed over the other. She talked as she held a compact mirror and caked on more powder under and around her eyes, \"It was too funny, Andrew is such a fucking nerd.\" She pursed her lips and turned her face one way and the other before deeming her make-up perfect. \"Who carries a monster camera like that around?\" In front of her sat her friend, a brunette with wild curls and green eyes named Natalie, \"Oh, Ivy. You're so rude.\" she laughed inspecting her nails. \"It's not his fault he was born that pathetic.\" Those of us in class could hear the conversation clear as day. The majority giggled, which fueled the girls' egos, whilst a small portion of us didn't mind what they were saying. I didn't mind, but I fully know who they are talking about, the school's puppet, Andrew. Since I could remember that kid's had a rough time with the people at school, he wasn't very talkative which caused people to start picking on him due to his lack of friends. \"Sunshine!\" sang Ivy's voice, \"Your mom's not out today, the fog's taking over.\" She was turned in her seat with a bright smile. Putting down my pencil I give her a roll of my eyes and give her a smile. \"Funny, Ivy. Your poison's leaking, by the way.\" I comment back to her. My retaliation causes Natalie to laugh while Ivy clicks her tongue. \"So, care to tell me what Sean did? God knows you'll tell me in Astrology, might as well get it over with.\" I say leaning against my hand waiting for her story. \"I like bothering you with gossip during Astrology. You know this, Sunshine.\" She says waving her hand around. Nodding I look down at my desk, \"Yeah, your grades totally show it.\" This time around Ivy makes no come back and only smiles before returning to Natalie. Ivy and I are childhood friends, we always teased one another about our nature themed names we had had been given. Our parent were \"ex-hippies\", or so they call themselves. Ivy was always well known around school, more for her looks than her smarts. Unlike her, I was known for my way of being \"snarky\", which wasn't too bad. I managed to make friends who tease me as much as I do them. Within minutes the classroom was full and the teacher had come in and started writing on the whiteboard. Natalie and Ivy continued to laugh and giggle in hysteria about whatever caught their interest. People sat in their seats talking to their neighbor, while I left my head down jotting everything that came to mind, or what was happening. \"Andrew! Andy! Andy! Andrew!\" dropping my pencil for the second time I look up to see Andrew Detmer walk into the classroom with his head low and shoulders hunched forward with a camera in his hands pointed to the tiled floor. \"Why aren't you so chipper with your camera now?\" Searching for the voice's owner my eyes drop on Ivy. \"Poison, Poison Ivy.\" I reply catching everyone's attention now. \"Why don't you find yourself a part-time as a clown?\" the class chuckles as Ivy turns fully in her chair once more. \"Sure, Sunny. I'll attend your next birthday party. What'll be the theme this year, Hello Kitty?\" she says feeling victorious. Sending a smirk her way I lean back against my chair with arms crossed over my chest. \"Actually, I was thinking Batman villains. So, come as you are, Poison.\" Natalie giggles and Ivy sticks her tongue out childishly before facing the front. \"Okay, settle down,\" announces our teacher. It takes a while for everyone to settle, but once they do everythings is silent as she, Mrs. Hugh, begins to explain today's simple plan. Dismissing her alacrity over pronouns and old films, I avert my eyes from her tall being and move them across the room to see Andrew fiddling with his camera. Then, I see him set it down under his desk between his legs before slouching back in his seat with his arms on his desk. He didn't talk to anyone, didn't look around, he simply sat there staring down at his notebook. Mrs. Hugh clapped her hands waking me from my analyzing. I watched as she walked to her desk and turned on the monitor and the projector situated on the ceiling flickered on shining onto the smartboard. The teacher moves back to the front of her desk and officially starts the class. In mere seconds we all become puppets and obediently jot down what we were told. Blue, red, and yellow color the hallway walls. Everyone stands in their little circle like penguins huddling for warmth. \"Sunshine, there's a party tonight at the old hospital.\" Surprisingly, I'm a penguin in a circle as well. \"Want to come along?\" Crystal, a close friend, stands across from me with long lashes, her hair pulled back in what seems to be a rat's nest, and clothes that seem to be able to fit someone two sizes smaller than her. She's a sweet person with a lack of clothing size numbers, but none-the-less she looks completely normal. Taking a sip from my water bottle I give her a nod and swallow my liquids. \"The abandoned hospital?\" Her pink lips pull back into a wide smile showing off a smiley piercing. \"Totally sick, huh?\" \"Completely, that place hasn't been mopped in years.\" Shifting my gaze adjacent to me I chuckle to Miranda's comment. Releasing a scoff, Crystal waves her off. \"Keep your bad vibes to yourself, you aren't going anyway.\" To my left came a chuckle from Emery. He was laughing with a hand over his mouth, his eyes were slightly closed in an animated way, \"Crystal, learn to keep your rude bottled up.\" He then turns to me with a smirk and nudges my shoulder with his own. \"I'm going we could have some fun.\" Emery, the golden boy of the group, the only boy. I met him last year in Social Science. He's related to Miranda, the pair could never be anymore different. Emery was a bit more outgoing and forward compared to his cousin, who usually kept to herself. He's always saying things that make him sound interested in me, but it's merely for the laughs and giggles. Pursing my lips I give him a shake of my head in thought. \"You'll be there?\" I repeat. Emery nods making his chocolate brown hair shift slightly, \"Man, I don't think I'll go then.\" He lets out a gasp with a hand on his chest as Miranda and Crystal laugh like crazy, \"Sunshine!\" he says exasperated and looking around shocked, \"But last night, what was that about then, babe?\" he asks advancing and taking a grip on my waist. \"Come on,\" he chuckled swaying us back and forth. \"We could get wasted and puke on each other.\" Behind us Miranda gags and Crystal lets out a louder laugh, than that of a hyena from the Lion King. \"You're disgusting!\" she shouts through laughter and tears. Emery stopped our movement and settled his forehead onto mine. \"She loves me just like that.\" I watch his eyes twinkle with amusement as I let out a snort while turning away from him. \"Let go, Emery.\" I say with more fits of laughter. \"That was gross, really.\" The brunette shrugs with a smirk and says nothing in reply. \"Alright, I'll go. Give me a ride, Crystal.\" Her platinum hair bounces all around her as she nods with great speed. \"Yes, of course! My god, I thought I was going to be stuck with this moron!\" \"Damn. Is it hurt my feels day?\" shouts Emery just as the bell rings. \"Whoops, we gotta go, guys. Education calls.\" he announces pulling Crystal away with him. \"See you at lunch!\" he smiled with a wave all the while Crystal complains about a pain in her wrist. Miranda chuckles shifting her bag to the opposite arm. \"I'll walk you to class? There are creeps who roam the halls.\" \"Oh?\" I hum as we walk down the hallway. \"Like this guy?\" I ask pointing to a Vote 4 Steve poster on a bulletin board. \"Exactly that creep. His face has been everywhere the past few weeks.\" Shaking my head I say a quick \"good-bye\" before disappearing into my Astrology class. Stepping in the first thing that greets me is a rolled up paper ball. \"Ouch, you could have just handed me the paper for an autograph.\" I call out loud. In that moment I see Ivy rolling her eyes. \"So, do you want a boob sign?\" I tease sitting in my desk beside her. \"Shh, sh!\" was her reply as she rips my bag off my shoulder and drops it to the ground. \"Okay, story time.\" Ivy gets comfortable, crossing one leg over the other with her body facing me. \"Alright, you saw Andrew's monster camera, right?\" She didn't wait for a response. \"The little creep was walking around with it in the morning talking to himself. Sean and his buddies came along and took it from him. Andy looked like he was about to piss himself!\" Ivy let out a fit of giggles before calming down and looking for a similar reaction. Ivy usually had funny things to narrate, but stuff like this wasn't exactly entertaining to me. Sure, humiliation was amusing in certain scenarios, such as in movies, but that was only in fictional works rather than things like this. I turn away from her as a response. I can hear her whining and could feel her fingers pulling at the fabric of my cardigan as she did so. Ivy continued to apologize over and over like a child who had done something wrong. She goes on until the teacher, Mr. Wyatt, comes in to start the lesson on whatever the universe has to tell us through the planet's alignments. I didn't mean my response to be rude., well she never took it as so. Ivy only continued to try and talked to me until I caved in. \"Sunny, sun.\" she whined in a whisper. \"Don't be a dick.\" Upon hearing this I broke into a smile. Glancing up at Mr. Wyatt, I see him in front of his desk reading to us from his textbook. \"If Sean nearly made Andrew piss himself, he took it too far.\" I whispered quickly, \"Now pay attention. Your F will soon be a F-.\" I said, which only gave her reason to laugh. \"Well, look at you be a caring citizen.\" she teases before turning back to her notes. After class, I found myself waiting for Crystal and Emery with Miranda, who was impatient. She kept talking about the sandwich she had in her bag that was shaped like a cat's head. Within two minutes Crystal appeared with a tray of food from the cafeteria with Emery jogging behind her to catch up with his own. \"Oh, my fucking shit!\" shouted Miranda as hostile as ever. \"Run faster, Emery!\" \"Damn, who shoved a log up your ass?\" he asked with a click of his tongue. Crystal dismissed their hissy fit and moved on to more important matters. \"Where to eat?\" she asked looking around the courtyard. We crane our necks to look for a spot, but all seats were occupied. Students walked everywhere with their friends while the majority sat eating and joking with one another. I hummed to myself looking at the tables. \"Hey, Sunshine!\" Stopping my search, my eyes land on Sean and his friends sitting at a large table with a few open chairs. \"Sit with us?\" \"Guys-\" I call behind me, but they're way ahead of me and take the only open chairs available. \"Well, thanks.\" I say with a roll of my eyes. \"Where am I suppose sit now?\" Pushing his chair back, Sean patted his lap. \"Here.\" he responded with a smirk, but Emery quickly acted. \"Yeah. I don't think so.\" he chuckled pulling me into his lap. \"She can only be near me.\" Sean raised his arms in surrender with a wide grin. \"I was only offering a seat.\" Making myself comfortable I move back into Emery as he holds my waist. \"It's awkward how comfortable you two are with each other.\" voiced Crystal biting into her cheese pizza. \"Well, I have to be comfortable with him.\" I say as I look at her. \"I'm his cover-up.\" with those simple words the table, including Sean's buffoon friends, roar with laughter. \"Oh no!\" shouts Emery with a high pitched tone. \"The cat's out of the bag, the beans have been spilled! Now we can stop meeting at night, Sean.\" The table laughs even harder as tough boy Sean squirms under the golden boy's touch. I shake my head and look around the courtyard and find Andrew Detmer walking by filming with his camera and talking to himself. He glances our way with it and looks away. \"And those are the assholes of the school.\" I watch him walk off in what seems to be the soccer field's direction. \"Hey, I'm going to the bathroom.\" I tell Emery as I rise off him and take my bag following Andrew's fading steps. Reaching the field I only see athletes practicing and the cheerleaders doing their thing, but there's no Detmer. I stay planted at the corner of the bleachers until I see Catherine, the captain of the cheerleading team, walking along the bleachers and stop in front of them. \"Hi,\" she says nicely. \"Can you not video tape us? It's kind of creepy.\" \"Uh-no. I-\" The voice catches my attention and I walk further to see she's talking to Andrew. \"Not everything's about you, Cathy.\" I joke stepping beside her. \"He's filming for me. I needed footage for English.\" I smile to her. Catherine rolls her eyes at me. \"Sure, Sunshine.\" she gives me a wave and walks away. I wave goodbye as well before turning to look at Andrew. He's hunched over in his seat looking at me with his hoodie almost falling off his shoulder. \"Hey, Andrew.\" I greet ascending the bleacher stairs. \"How'd I do for being the asshole of the school? \" with that question I chuckle as I move my hands into the pockets of my cardigan. Andrew lets out a breathy laugh through his nose as he smiles down at his hands. \"You heard that?\" saying that he instantly goes stiff and looks back up with frightened eyes. \"\"Holy shit, you heard that. I'm sorry. I-\" Smiling down at him I shrug. \"You're fine. I'm not close with Sean.\" Andrew visibly relaxes. \"I heard what he did this morning. You okay?\" \"Why do you care?\" I hum to myself and plop next to him. \"I just do. I know what it's like to be picked on.\" His brown hair moves with his quick movement. He's staring at me with those wide blue eyes once again. \"Really?\" \"No.\" was my response. \"So, do you eat out here alone?\" I ask trying to make conversation. \"Uh, yeah. Do you always sit on guy's laps?\" \"Yes, I do actually.\" I reply standing up. Andrew's neck slightly cranes up as he watches me as I do so. Quickly, I sit back down onto his lap, forcing him to lean back. \"It's a condition, if I don't sit on a guy's lap I might spontaneously combust.\" I say making an explosion gesture with my hands and a ka-boo noise. Andrew looks up at me and shakes his head. \"You're easy to talk to, Sunshine.\" Perking up, I smile looking down at him. \"So, the Andrew Detmer knows my name!\" I lift my hand and ruffle it through his soft hair. He smiles like there's no tomorrow and looks away. \"You've kind of moved attention away from me like, all the time and your name is something someone could never forget. Even if they tried. \" he said fixing his hair straight right after I got off of him. \"Sunshine.\" he repeated my name as if he were trying it out on his tongue. He shakes his head, \"What the hell were your parents thinking?\" I fall beside him once again and look up at the covering over the bleachers. \"They were probably high on the morphine in the room.\" Looking down at the field I see everyone who had been practicing begin to pack. \"Oh,\" I stand up and look down at Andrew. \"See you around?\" \"Yeah, I mean we're in the same English class,\" hearing that I smack my hand against his shoulder. \"What?\" he laughs as I run down the bleachers. \"Don't sass me, boy!\"[Chapter 2] The gravel flew under the car's tires, the old engine seemed to whine in pain and I sang like a demented cat. \"Make it stop!\" screamed Crystal at the wheel. Emery held onto my seat from the back, \"Leave my girl alone, she needs to warm her vocals.\" \"I'm the next idol!\" I shout just as Crystal turns off the radio. \"Or not.\" I chuckle leaning back in my seat as the car takes a turn. My mood drops instantly at the sight before me. \"This is a rave.\" I say turning to Crystal as she focuses on parking. \"You said this was a party.\" glancing back at Emery, then Crystal I frow. \"You guys know I'm not into big things like this.\" Crystal smiles when she finally parks the car straight. \"We're here. You'll have fun.\" she assures. We step out of the car and onto the Earth's dirt. The music was so loud you could feel the vibrations under your feet, \"Come on guys!.\" she screams out excited as she pushes between Emery and I. Crystal takes both our hands and has us running towards the large building. Inside people danced to the loud music and screamed over it in pure ecstasy as if the moment were the best in their life. Crystal had joined the crowd along with Emery. They blended in correctly, unlike me. I laughed at them and walked away. I wasn't about to start dancing alone. Pushing through people I'm greeted by friends, but I don't linger too long to make a memorable conversation. It wouldn't be much of a conversation either way, if slurred words and topics on weed were there. I've never entirely been into raves. Just, something about music with little lyrics and neon light didn't sit too well with me. There was no reason I should stay in the crowded place either way, so I made my way towards an exit where a table with cups of water sat. I snatched one on my way out and felt relieved to feel the cold Seatle wind hit me. The night sky was a beautiful dark blue with few clouds decorating it like a professional designer. Such a scenery was outrageously beautiful, but not beautiful enough to keep my attention. My eyes flickered to a body stumbling through the cars, a large object in their hand as they wiped their face. I wanted to pass it off as a drunk teasingly stealing his girlfriend's belongings, but no one ever came after them. Making my way towards the tree they sat under I forced my vision even more. \"Oh man, Andrew?\" I call catching the boy's attention. I threw my cup off to the side and began to jog his way as he looked down attempting to avoid eye contact. \"No, Andrew.\" I fell to my knees in front of him. \"What happened?\" From where I sat I could hear him sniffling as if he were crying or had been submerged into a tank of water. I looked down at the camera between his legs, it seemed to be wet. \"Shit.\" I mutter pulling all the pieces together. \"Hey, that douchebag will get what's coming to him soon.\" the words were meant as comfort, but I'm not too sure if it worked. \"Look at me, Andrew.\" and surprisingly, he did. \"I'm not real manly, am I?\" he says with forced laughter. Andrew's eyes were red and restless as he wiped at his cheeks with the sleeve of his jacket. Giving him a smile I shake my head and opt to clean his camera. \"A greater man than anyone I've ever met, a real man doesn't pick fights for no reason.\" I stretch my hands out returning him his camera. \"You can put just about anyone in a better mood, Sunshine.\" He lifts his camera turning it my way. Letting out a chuckle, I smile and I look away from it. \"Are you here with your boyfriend?\" The words hit me like a hurricane. \"Boyfriend?\" I was shocked for some reason, \"I don't have a boyfriend,\" maybe it was because I didn't want him thinking that I was out of reach? Andrew settled his camera in his lap angling it up at me. \"What about Emery?\" I shake my head scrunching my nose. \"Sean?\" I cringe making a disgusted face. \"Andrew! Gosh, no!\" I shout causing him to break into a smile. \"Never would I date someone so rude.\" His smile was amazing, wide like never before. His blue eyes smiled along with him, his chuckle shook his shoulders and it overpowered the small noises of the night. \"Hey, Andrew?\" His laughter slowly stopped as I turned to see who called him. \"You're Andrew, right?\" the guy squats beside me, he raises a hands and pats my back. \"Hey there, Sunshine.\" I nod to Steve, \"Hi, Montgomery. What brings you out here?\" \"He does.\" he smiles pointing a finger in Andrew's direction. \"Can we borrow that?\" Andrew had his camera on us. \"My camera? I -uh.\" he started tripping over his words like mad. \"It's not for-\" \"We found the craziest shit and we gotta get it on camera. I'm Steve.\" he says introducing himself and sticking a hand out. \"Steve Montgomery.\" \"Yeah, I know who you are.\" he says not taking his hand. \"Yeah?\" he asks softly. \"Look Matt and I were hanging out and-\" \"You're with Matt?\" he asks in a shock tone of voice as he glances up at Steve. \"I don't really-\" Steve being the pushy politician he keeps at it until Andrew gives in. Steve stands and turns on his heel to lead the way. I stand up patting the dirt off my knees and mumble a \"bye\" to Andrew, but he doesn't let me. \"Come?\" he says pulling at the hem of my shirt. I don't say anything and just follow him and Steve, who can't shut his mouth to save his life. \"You know, there are a lot of girls inside and you're out here sitting next to a tree?\" he states making his way through the cars. He turns around smiling, \"And what am I, Steve?\" I glare at him. \"Sunshine, you're just one of the guys.\" he laughs jumping over a log. \"Well, Andrew?\" I make my way over the log and look back to Andrew and take his camera as he makes his way over it as well. \"I'm just really picky.\" he answers taking back his camera. We walk through the trees and dirt without much conversation between us, that is until Steve opens his mouth. \"Ah, that's right. Andrew Detmer!\" he jumps screaming as if he discovered America, \"I remember you from homeroom, freshman year, you had that crazy zip up hoodie!\" Andrew let out a laugh, \"You remember that?\" \"Yeah, I have a thing for faces,\" he looks to me straight in the eye and lifts a finger at me. \"especially one that ugly. That's why I'm going into politics.\" With the roll of my eyes I reply, \"You're no Fabio yourself, Steve.\" He holds his chest as if he'd been shot. \"I really thought I had a chance with you, Sunny.\" \"Please, you have more of a shot with the dirt underneath my feet.\" Andrew moved the camera between us during our exchange. \"Ah.\" he says catching our attention. \"Are you guys not that close?\" Steve snapped his full attention from him and gave him his campaign smile, \"Yeah, we're close.\" he says hooking an arm around my neck and pulling me in. \"We've known eachother since, what?\" he asks looking down at me. \"Junior high?\" I shake him off and chuckle, \"Totally, so come on show us where this 'wicked thing' you all found is?\" I say mocking him. \"Right! Andrew, you got a light on that thing?\" Andrew said, \"Uh, yeah. Hold on.\" he tilts his camera down and flips a switch that turned on a light. \"There.\" We started walking once again, the silence never came back, not even when we arrived at the edge of the sylvan area. \"Dude, is that the camera?\" looking out into the open field a guy's waving his arms around. \"Yeah, man! Where's everyone?\" Shouts Steve looking down at him. \"They all left. Come on, get down here. Let's go, let's go, let's go!\" he shouts repeatedly. Steve answers back quickly and begins to slowly scale down the steep hill. \"Hey, who's that?\" I nudge Andrew as we follow Steve. Andrew glances up and then back down to the dirt to watch his footing once more, \"That's my cousin, Matt.\" My ears perk up and my curiosity peaks, \"Oh, so you-\" \"Sunshine!\" I let out a gasp as I begin to quickly slide down the hill without being able to stop. I try to dig my wrists into the dirt in hopes of coming to a halt, but all I get is twigs and pebbles scratching at my skin. Finally, I reach the ground. I stand up and look back up to see Andrew running down as fast as he could without falling. \"Are you okay?\" he asks once he reaches beside me. I look up at him and then to Steve and Matt to see them wide eyed. \"Well,\" I look down at my hands to see them rather dirty and stinging from the scratches left behind. A few small sections of skin are torn off and a bit of bleed seeps. \"no real harm is done.\" \"You sure?\" \"Fine, let's go!\" I pull on the hem of his jacket and pull him over towards the other two boys. \"Who's this?\" asks the brunette, Matt, gesturing towards me. \"Sunshine, what about you, Welcome?\" \"Matt.\" Steve jumps in the air howling at the poor joke while Matt sent me a glare. \"Okay, stop.\" Matt remembers the situation and he runs to a large hole in the ground. Steve quickly took a hold of Andrew, which caused him to go frantic. \"Hey, don't push me! Just don't push me.\" I skidded closer to him, but as soon as I did a loud noise rose from it causing me to stumble back at it's loud force. \"What the hell was that?\" His question went unanswered as Steve jumped into the crater wanting to investigate the source. \"Shit, he's a ninja.\" laughs Matt. \"I'm going in.\" he announces standing up and going after Steve. \"Matt, don't be an idiot! You're my ride home!\" he looks towards me with furrowed brows as if asking me a questions. With a sigh I gesture towards the hole. \"I grab Steve and you grab your cousin if anything happens, dig?\" Andrew nods before looking back at the hole. \"Okay, time for us to become moles.\" Inside we find an entry way, like a tunnel, leading down somewhere, \"Steve!\" I shout closely behind Andrew, slightly freaking out. \"Hey, Ste-Ah!\" \"Don't do that!\" growls Andrew in front of me. From the distance you could hear Matt laughing. \"Andrew's such a pussy.\" Looking over his shoulder I sigh, \"Can we just get out of here?\" I say as I step into a puddle of water. \"This place smells like a dumpster, it's disgusting.\" Steve up ahead turns smirking at me. \"Come on, you hippy.\" \"Stop being kids and keep walking.\" says Matt ducking his head under a rock. \"Andrew, can you bring the light?\" we all crowd behind Matt as he gestures down, \"Look it's like a straight shot down.\" \"How far have we come down?\" asks Steve as we continue going on. Matt gives a shrug and looks. back, \"Probably forty, fifty feet down.\" Shaking his head Andrew says, \"Just don't talk about it.\" Heaving a sigh I hold onto the walls as Matt looks back at Andrew and talks about some Allegory. I shake my head trying to get rid of the headache that's coming on. \"Is he into philosophy or something?\" Andrew looks back at me. He seems surprised that I'm asking a question. \"Ah, yeah.\" he stutters looking back. \"He's into that. More self study than class study, you know?\" I nod as we take a turn, \"What about you?\" I ask looking at him. \"Me?\" \"Yeah,\" I laugh seeing his shock. \"What are you into Andrew with the crazy hoodie?\" I see him chuckle and shake his head. \"Shut up, you didn't even see that.\" he says. I'm about to answer, but what we find around the corner makes me stop short. \"Oh my gosh. What the fuck is that?\" Steve and Matt stand before us just staring at it. \"What are you doing? Go in.\" I say pushing lightly at Steve's back. He brushes me off with his hand. \"Yeah, yeah.\" he mumbles softly slowly walking in with us behind them. The hole soon spreads wider and a blue crystal like thing lays before us. The noise we heard outside is louder now. Matt gets closer, but \"What the-\" the noise roars all of a sudden and we slam our hands over our ears. Andrew only shuts his eyes bearing through the noise. \"I'm freaking out right now! Matt, can we get out of her, please?\" he shouts over the noise. His cousin just looks back at him before looking at the thing in front of us. \"Is it coming up on the camera like that?\" \"I don't know, Matt! It's messing with it!\" he shouts back.\"I don't really want to film it!\" \"Dude, don't worry. I'll buy you a new one!\" Shouts back Matt as he takes the camera away from him. We look around it to see if there was anything that would tell us about it, but nothing came up. Walking back with a sigh I cross my arms watching as Steve walks close to what looks like to be thing thing's \"mouth\". \"Steve, I wouldn't.\" I call out only to see him walk closer in a mesmerized state. \"Steve!\" I shout worried as Andrew walks beside him with his camera in hand. He keeps the camera on him, His facial expression seems like it can't choose one emotion as he calls to Matt and I. \"Come here, guys!\" he shouts as he finally smiles in awe. \"Look at this!\" Matt nearly stumbles on his way over as I get closer. \"What?\" Steve's mouth is agape as Matt stands next to me. Inside the crystal are these small tendrils that pull closer to Steve as he raises his hand. I stare in shock, it's totally out of this world and rather amazing. \"Woah, hey the-\" \"I can't hear you!\" shouts Andrew aiming the camera at his cousin. \"Sunshine, you okay there?\" Looking up I say, \"Yeah, why?\" \"You're nose! You're bleeding!\" I raise a hand right on my upper lip and look down at it seeing he was right. \"Steve, you too!\" I lean over trying to get all the blood to flow out as I wipe myself with my sleeve. \"This is totally disgusting.\" I mutter. Just as I do so I hear Matt and Andrew screaming. \"Oh my god, Steve!\" I turn my head slightly to see Steve curled up on the floor just as the world starts shaking and Matt somehow flies away from Steve. I stand up quickly helping Matt up and forgetting my bleeding nose. \"We can't stay, come on!\" I shout frantically. \"Get Steve, we have to go, now!\" Andrew instantly drops his camera as Matt scrambles to them. They both help him up on either side as we run towards the exit. \"Go!\" I shout pointing towards the exit. Matt looks at me as if I'm insane and shouts, \"You're the girl, go first!\" \"Thanks for being a gentleman, but that doesn't matter right now!\" I roar out over the loud noise and the trembling. Seeing my anger Andrew forced Matt to follow him out. I watch them go as I run back and try to reach Andrew's camera, but I'm stopped mid way as a large clunk of dirt and rocks fall in front of me. I let out a gasp as I try to keep going despite the dirt and the rocks falling, but I can't get to it. \"Sunshine!\" turning I hear Matt's echo. \"Sunshine!\" he repeats. Looking back I see the exit nearly caving in. I couldn't save the camera unless I wanted to be buried down here. \"Coming!\" I scream running towards the exit and climbing my way through the rocks. Stumbling I fall to the ground as I try to climb out, but I'm not able to get a good grip. \"Sunshine!\" looking up I see Andrew holding his hand out. \"Hurry, this place is gonna crash.\" he says quickly before holding my arm tightly and hoisting me up. We run through the tight tunnel we walked through until we reached upper ground. \"Fuck,\" I breathe out as I fall onto the yellow, dying grass outside. \"I thought we were gonna die.\" I stare up at the dark blue sky. It's just as beautiful as I last saw it, but the view is soon ruined. \"What's wrong with you? You thought you were going to die, so you hanged back?\" roars Matt glaring down at me. Sitting up I send him an equal glare. \"What does it matter to you? The wounded always leave the battlefield first!\" \"You're a girl, you barely got out just now if Andrew hadn't decided he should haul ass back in there!\" I stand on my feet glowering at him, trying to size him up, but all five feet and four inches of me couldn't compare too well with the few inches he had on me. \"Oh, so just because I'm a girl you think I'll be no good in such a situation? I can handle myself!\" Andrew comes in between us, he sets a hand on my shoulder and slowly brings me back. \"Hey, it's okay. We're all fine now.\" I look up at him to see his expression knitted together in worry as if I were about to pop a vein. \"Okay! I see Matt and Sunshine have become excellent friends!\" shouts Steve holding his stomach as he walks towards us. \"That's fine and all, but I think we all need a break tonight.\" \"Whatever.\" answers Matt running a hand through his hair and walking around me. \"Let's go, Andrew.\" I look up at Andrew to see him glance back at me quickly. He drops his arm and says, \"So, you're fine?\" I let out a chuckle as I nod. \"I'm the one suppose to be worrying about you.\" I joke as he simply smiles and walks off behind Matt. I turn watching him walk away before turning back to see Steve smirking at me. \"What?\" \"Don't \"what\" me, Sunny.\" he smirks hooking his arm around my neck once again as he leads us back towards the hill. \"My lord, I almost forgot how clueless you were.\" We make our way up the hill with Steve holding the small of my back so I wouldn't fall back. Once we made it to the stop we walked through the trees and bushes talking about him running for student president. \"Are you gonna need a ride home?\" I looked back at the building where the rave was being held and it was still going strong. \"Yeah.\" I smile. He leads the way over to his car. \"It's wicked how everyone just goes on, do you think they didn't feel that earthquake?\" Steve unlocks his car and gets in as I slide into the passenger side. \"Okay, first off. No one says \"wicked\" anymore, woman.\" he laughs starting the car. \"And two.\" he looks over his shoulder as he pulls out. \"They're all probably too drunk to know the difference in the Earth's tectonic plate movements.\"[Chapter 3] \"You ditched us.\" cried Emery dramatically as he leaned on a locker wiping away nonexistent tears. \"You left us to go with Mr. President!\" he sniffs leaning on Miranda as she swats him away. Crystal rolls her eyes not caring about his over dramatized scene. \"So, where'd you go afterwards? I didn't see you in there the entire night.\" She was wearing shades this morning, she claimed her hangover to have gotten to her face. \"Around.\" I shrugged keeping a hold on my bag so it wouldn't fall. They were all good friends, but I wasn't about to tell them what happened, especially what happened after I got home. Once I was dropped off by Steve I stepped into my house as quiet as I could and decided to make myself a sandwich. I was tiptoeing around getting everything I needed out. Once I had made my sandwich I noticed I had forgotten to get myself something to drink. I sat at the table simply staring at the box of Dr. Pepper on the island in the kitchen simply wishing it could walk over to me, or something, when suddenly the shit floated in the air and flew across the room heading my way. I ducked under the table shocked as it crashed with the wall behind me and all the sodas popped, exploding on the ground. And then, I spent half the morning cleaning up and I barely got a wink of sleep. I should be wearing the shades. Miranda nudged me with her shoulder as Crystal had began a whole other conversation with Emery. \"Where'd you go to yesterday at lunch?\" \"Hm?\" I smile. \"I went to the soccer field.\" She raised an eyebrow in question and nodded. \"Why?\" \"Come on, you know I wasn't about to sit through an entire lunch with Sean and his buffoons.\" I chuckle as I tuck a strand that had come loose from my braid. Miranda nods with a smile in understanding. \"I could have gone with you, so you couldn't be alone, ya know?\" \"What makes you think I was alone?\" This caused her to let out a breathy laugh. \"Who hangs out around there? I mean I know you hang with almost everybody, but even the cheerleaders and soccer players would be practicing.\" \"Well, yeah. No, I was with-hey!\" I shouted as I'm yanked away by the elbow. \"What the hell?\" I look back to see Miranda as confused as me. \"Stop, Matt!\" He stops a few feet away from my friends as he sighs running a hand through his hair. \"The fact that you remember my name and you're as irritating as last night means it wasn't a dream.\" \"Irritating?\" I ask crossing my arms under my chest. \"What's that suppose to mean?\" \"What it's suppose to mean, need a dictionary, Sunshine?\" he says using my name in a sarcastic tone of voice. He quickly shakes his head. \"Forget that right now. Did anything weird happen to you after you got home?\" My eyes widened hearing this. \"Yeah, actually.\" \"Shit, man.\" he laughs. \"Okay, meet us all at lunch. At the bleachers, yeah?\" he says as he's already turning to leave. I lift my hand up as a wave, \"Sure.\" rubbing my arm he tore at I turn around and head towards my group of friends. Miranda turns her head to me the minute I step beside her once again. She pulls at her straight fringe looking at one of the strands that is longer than the rest before confronting me. \"Who the hell was that?\" I groan not wanting to talk about Matt, but she asked, \"That was Matt, Andrew Detmer's cousin.\" \"No shit?\" she laughs looking back to try and get another glimpse of him, but he's long gone. \"Detmer has attractive relatives?\" I scrunch my nose looking away. \"Not at all, Andrew lo-\" I mutter only to catch myself and shut my mouth. \"What was that, Sunshine?\" Emery perks up from the conversation he was having with Crystal. \"Did I hear you complimenting my looks under your breath?\" This small statement causes Miranda to roll her eyes and snap at her cousin. \"As if, moron. Sunshine would never aim for someone as brainless as you.\" she scoffed with a smirk soon following the statement. \"Ouch, right in the ego.\" chuckles Crystal covering her mouth as she laughed. \"Anyway, the bell-\" she stops as the loud chime rings around the hallway. \"there it is.\" she laughs as she hooks arms with Emery. \"See you guys?\" \"Yeah.\" Miranda answers before turning to me. \"Right, first class huh?\" I nod as we give each other a quick hug and go separate ways. I make my way down the colorful halls towards English class. On the way there I spot Andrew at his locker. \"Hey, nerd.\" I call which causes him to cringe as I come closer. He looks up at me and sighs. \"Oh, it's only you.\" \"Well, good morning to you too.\" I smile leaning against the locker beside his. \"So, you had something trippy happen to you last night?\" I whisper leaning in as he closes his locker. Andrew looks to me with wide eyes. \"You too, then?\" I nod as he leans against his locker with a smile. \"No way, this is beyond weird.\" I ask, \"You think it has something to do with the crystal?\" \"Completely.\" he answers. \"We should get to class.\" he then says as he pushes off the metal locker and takes my hand pulling me, lightly, straight on my feet. \"Well, look who has priorities.\" I tease. Andrew chuckles and keeps walking with me by his side. \"Did I mention I had that camera for less than twenty-four hours and I lost it?\" I look up at him, \"Bummer, man. Isn't Matt going to buy you a new one?\" \"So he says.\" Andrew chuckles. We stop in front of English class and that's when I notice we had been holding hands the entire way. \"Ready for Mrs. Hugh to get wet over old films?\" he jokes pushing the door open. \"Totally.\" I groan as we step inside and the first thing I'm greeted with is a rolled up paper in the face. \"Damn it, Ivy! Do you want that boob sign or not!\" I shout glaring over to Ivy to see her chuckling into her hands. From where I stood I could hear Andrew suppressing a laugh as I made it to my desk. I sat myself down as Ivy and Natalie turned to me. \"What's the great news?\" I asked already bored. Natalie smiles to Ivy and says, \"Can I tell her?\" Ivy looked to her with knitted eyebrows, \"Do I look like your mother? Just tell her.\" \"Whatever.\" she says before turning to me. \"The party last night, Howard's girlfriend was literally dancing on a table being her definition of \"sexy\".\" Ivy cuts in quickly, \"Which is sticking her tongue out and dancing like a pregnant whale.\" \"Anyway.\" giggles Natalie making herself comfortable. \"The slut,\" she clears her throat with a hand on her chest, \"pardon me. She fell to the floor when she lost her footing on the platform she was standing on.\" she laughs. \"It was amazing and to top it all off Howard's friend was really drunk, he stumbled and spilled his beer all over her!\" I chuckled at her enthusiasm. \"Hm.\" I hum in amusement as I see the two cackle. \"You guys are complete witches.\" Ivy gasped in shock, \"Sunshine, how dare you say that?\" \"I didn't say you were ugly.\" Natalie and Ivy then smile, \"Oh that's better.\" answers Ivy turning around. \"Okay, that's all for today, Sunshine.\" And apparently she wasn't lying. After a small potty break and talking to my group of friends I made it to Astrology and nothing new awaited me. It wasn't anything bad, per say, but I missed her yapping for a change. After a boring lecture of stars and the great beyond I found myself beside Miranda talking about the new tv drama that was suppose to come out soon. Our conversation stopped when I spotted Emery and Crystal making their way over to us. I settled a hand on her shoulder and said, \"Hey, I gotta meet up with some people. See ya tomorrow?\" Miranda looks at me with a nod, \"Yeah, for sure. man.\" I smile and turn on my heel and head straight towards the soccer field as I hear Crystal whining behind me about where I was going, but I merely waved at them. I walked through the courtyard before making a turn at the soccer field. I glanced up at the bleachers to see Steve, Matt and Andrew sitting there eating their lunch. Once seeing me Steve waved me over quickly. \"Sunshine!\" I smile waving as I make my way up. \"So you ha-\" \"Yes!\" I laughed more excited about what happened to us last night. \"How'd it happen to you guys?\" I took a seat beside Andrew who was munching on a sandwich. Steve and Matt sat one seat above us. Matt scooted up in his seat and licked his lips, \"I was throwing a ball in the air and catching it on the way to my room when I thought of it flying in circle and it flew straight out of my hand into my room's open door.\" he says chuckling. \"I almost shitted myself seeing it.\" \"You're such a little girl.\" laughed Steve smacking his head. \"Okay. When I was in the bathroom showering-\" \"You took a shower at three in the morning?\" Steve waved me off, \"Shut up, Sunny. There's no wrong time to be clean. Anyway, I was in the shower when I forgot to get a bar of soap. I opened the curtain to reach for one in the sink's drawer when I decided to look at it and believe I had some crazy power-\" \"You're such a kid!\" I laugh interrupting him once more. Steve moved closer and held my head with one hand over my mouth. \"Woman, I swear.\" he sighs, but continues holding my mouth. \"The fucking drawer flew open and a bar of soap hit me in the face!\" he let go of me quickly. \"Now you can speak!\" Gasping for air dramatically I smile. \"I was eating a sandwich.\" \"Fatass.\" I glare up at Matt who only smiles in return. \"When I forgot to get a drink. I look at the Dr. Pepper box across the room wishing it had legs to walk over to me.\" Steve nearly jumps two feet in the air, \"And you said I was a child!\" \"The whole thing flew straight at me, I ducked and it crashed into the wall causing all of them to explode.\" Andrew looked at me wide eyed before he bursted out laughing, \"That's amazing. You got attacked by soda.\" \"Well, what'd you get attacked by?\" I asked with arms crossed as he teased me. Andrew shakes his head. \"Nothing. I just needed my notebook and it came to me.\" he says as he takes another bite of his lunch. \"Are you serious?!\" screams Steve out of his mind. \"We were getting attacked and scared and your notebook calmly floats to you!\" he shouts holding his head. Andrew nods giving us a cute smile as Matt and Steve throw their hands in defeat. \"I call bullshit.\" \"Oh, Andrew.\" says Matt looking down at his cousin. \"We can get you a new camera after school, alright?\" Andrew nods, \"Yeah that's cool.\" I lean back into Steve's shins and look back at Andrew. \"What?\" \"You're quiet.\" He chuckled shaking his head, \"Dude, I'm psyched I want to go test this out or something.\" Matt perks up, \"We could. Steve bring the troll along with you and we could just go buy Andrew his camera and then go to my place.\" \"Who you calling a troll?\" I hiss sitting up straight. \"How 'bout you go bother Casey with 'I'm cool, man' shit, huh?\" Matt seems taken aback as he looks down at Andrew who's trying not to laugh. \"You know about Casey?\" he asks looking back to me with a glare. I nod, \"You underestimate my friend circle, Matt. I am the eyes and ears of this place. I know what goes on no matter what.\" I respond proudly. \"Hey, Andrew. Give me some?\" \"Uh, yeah.\" He holds the sandwich out to me as I lean in and take a bite. He looks at me as I finish swallowing to see him wide eyed. \"Oh, shit. Oh my gosh. You're a germaphobe aren't you? I'm so sorry.\" I freak as I hear Steve laughing like crazy as Matt smirks in amusement. Andrew shakes his head at me, \"No, I thought you'd be actually.\" he says with a chuckle following afterwards. \"You're full of amazing surprises, Andrew Detmer.\" I smile leaning back into Steve's legs again as I watch the soccer practice happen.[Chapter 4] After school we had gone along to Matt's idea. Matt and Andrew had waited in the Best Buy parking lot until Steve and I stepped out of the car. \"What took you guys so long?\" asked Andrew pushing himself off Matt's car. \"Princess here has a clingy group of friends.\" announced Steve flexing his wrist. \"I had to literally pull her out of Emery and Crystal's arms.\" Shrugging it off with a smile I say, \"They're my children with abandonment issues.\" I laugh as we all start walking to the store's entrance. \"I'm sorry, Steve. I'm sure your hand will be fine for your next game.\" I tease. Being a sore sport, Steve mocks me making an incredibly ugly face before entering the store before me. \"Whatever, Sunshine!\" Staring at him walk off with Matt I feel a bump beside me. Looking to the side I see Andrew in his usual slouch standing next to me. \"Almost didn't come?\" he asked as we followed Steve and Matt who lead the way to the cameras. I hum to myself as I look around the store eyeing the large screens playing pieces of Megamind . I glance back at him to see him waiting for my answer,\"No, I would have found a way to be here.\" Andrew nodded with that wide smile of his before peaking up to see we were in front of a few video cameras. He glanced around checking them out as I followed behind him. \"They're all nice.\" he responded picking one up and flipping it's screen up so he could look, \"Sunshine, smile for me.\" he laughed as he turned it my way. I quickly shone a smile before scrunching my face up like a pig, making him laugh. \"Well, that's attractive.\" \"Why thank you, Detmer.\" I say with a bow. \"So, did you have one in mind?\" Andrew set the camera back in it's hold before running a hand over it. \"Not really, just something plain would do, you know?\" \"Plain?\" \"Just enough to get what I want?\" I leaned against the counter smirking up at him as he picked up a black one, \"What do you want, Andrew?\" Andrew chuckled under his breath as he lifted it in the air aiming at me again. I heard him let out another laugh before smiling at me, \"Would you be fine?\" \"Don't know.\" I giggle standing up before turning around. \"I'ma go check out the polaroid film they have here.\" I wave back to him. \"Find me when you're done!\" His reply was a mere 'okay' before I disappeared around the corner. I stood in an aisle glancing at the boxes said to be full with film. On the top shelf was what I need though, I stood on the tips of my toes trying to reach it, but my not-so-short height wouldn't let me reach it. Deciding to step on the first shelf I tried once again and finally reached it. Stepping back I feel an arm on my back. \"An-\" \"Careful, babe. You'll hurt yourself.\" frowning I look straight into those familiar hazel eyes as I step away. His lean build slouched back as he smirked down at me as if I was his last meal before execution. \"Don't look at me like that, Sun.\" With a scoff I turn on my heel about to leave the aisle, \"Fuck off, Nathan.\" I hiss at my ex-boyfriend. He was a demented man. I swore I loved him within the first few months we started dating, but soon I found out he was an abusive man who loved to take apart and torture people. Looks can be deceiving. \"Sun. Don't be so harsh on me.\" he called following me. Desperately I glanced around for anyone, Steve, Andrew. Hell, Matt would do, but no one was in sight. \"Sunshine!\" he growled as he pulled me by the under arm. I let out a screech as I was pulled back and just as that happened Andrew had turned the corner with Steve and Matt. \"Sunshine!\" they shouted. Steve was first to react since he knew this familiar situation. He pulled me away from Nathan before striking him in the jaw. \"Yo, didn't I tell you to leave her alone?\" hissed Steve as I walked toward Matt and Andrew with haste. Without thought I went to Andrew and wrapped my arms around him as I looked back to see Steve knocking a few blows into him as he dodged a few and gave him a few choice of words before Nathan left. Andrew held me running his hand into my hair as he looked down at me, \"Who was that?\" he asked looking down at me. Steve opted to answer for me as he lead the way out of the there before security came along. \"Some asshole she use to date. He bashed Sunshine a few times before her brain started working and she broke up with him.\" \"Fuck.\" Matt mutters as Andrew sets his head on top of mine as we walk slowly to the exit. We stay silent on the way out to the parking lot until Andrew lets go of me and gives my hand a squeeze before going off to the cars we came in. Before going off to Steve's I turn to Andrew, \"Thanks, for comforting me.\" He smiled, \"Hey, if I could have done more, I would have.\" \"No, that was more than enough.\" I assure him before I walk off and get into Steve's car. I sigh out loud and lean my head back on the rest. \"It's been three years since I've seen that dick and he pulls that shit in public. I lost my mind when he touched me.\" I say feeling my throat close up. In the driver's seat Steve clenched his jaw as he stepped on the gas, pulling out of his spot. He followed Matt's car on the road without a word. The only noise in the car was the music rising from the radio, but that wasn't as comforting as hearing Steve's obnoxious voice. \"Still can't believe the balls on that guy.\" \"It's okay, I'm fine. Thanks to you.\" Steve smiled at me in a calmer mood. \"I'm a superhero.\" he said proudly as he pulled into a driveway next to Matt's car. \"Now, come on. We have to train our superhero powers.\" he says unbuckling himself. I laughed and unbuckled myself as well and stepped out of the car. We stood in front of a house with a red brick exterior, it was very beautiful. We walked straight into the house and into the kitchen that lead to the backyard where Andrew stood fiddling with his new camera. I stepped up behind him. \"Boo.\" I whispered in his ear causing him to yelp and turn to me. \"Nice camera. Which one you get?\" \"Oh, the one on display. Turned out cheaper than the original price.\" Matt came up from the shed in the corner of the backyard holding a baseball. \"Like it matters, Drew. I was gonna buy you anyone anyway.\" \"Whatever.\" mumbled Andrew looking back down at the black video camera. \"It's the second one I took a hold of.\" Stepping on the tips of my toes I look over his shoulder, \"The one you used on me? Sweet. I'm the first one on it.\" I joked stepping back on my feet. \"Yeah, you were.\" he chuckled before turning it on and flipping the screen straight up to the sky and aiming it towards Steve and Matt who were playing catch. \"Hey, come on guys, we need to document this!\" \"Alright, alright.\" shouted Steve as Andrew directed them where they should stand. I smiled watching the two not being able to follow directions until a few minutes later. \"Okay, this is the Ball test.\" announced Andrew. I watched on as Steve took the ball. \"We uh, kinda planned this before you got to us at lunch.\" he whispered to me. I nodded as I watched Steve throw the ball straight at Matt hitting him in the face. Andrew and I went ballistic as we laughed. I held onto my stomach with tears in my eyes as I watched Matt hold his face and try to walk away from Steve who only went on to see if he was okay. But the minute Matt got far enough Steve laughed to himself like there was no tomorrow. \"Dude, we said underhand.\" said Matt holding his face. Steve walked behind him swearing he tried to do an underhand. \"Okay, time out. Time out.\" laughed Steve as Matt walked into the kitchen. Andrew sets down his camera and sits on the grass as Steve follows Matt inside still swearing he tried an underhand throw. \"That went well.\" I stated still giggling into the sleeve of my cardigan. \"Steve obviously planned that one before hand. \"Sit down, I feel small and insignificant.\" Crouching to his level I took my index finger and poked his nose, but he quickly took his revenge and pushed me fully onto the grass. \"Rude!\" I shouted smiling back at him. \"Come on, Andrew. Tell me, what are your hobbies, aside from bullying me?\" \"Obviously, I like filming.\" he said raising the camera onto me. \"And that's kinda it.\" Shaking my head I say, \"That's sad. Tell me about yourself then?\" He glances back at the sliding door and then back to me with a serious face. \"I- my life kinda sucks. My mom has cancer and we can barely get by paying for her medication. She's alway in pain,\" he says in almost whimper as he lowers his head and runs a hand through his hair. \"Dad's a no good guy. He's always taking his anger out on me as if I were the one who gave my mom such a horrid disease.\" \"My gosh.\" I mutter scrambling to his side and held him to me as I wiped his tears quickly knowing he wouldn't want Matt or Steve seeing him like this. \"Hey, Andrew.\" I say softly. He looks up at me with red eyes as he smiles. \"Really, the only good thing right now in my life is you. You're my sunshine.\" he said. \"Oh, Andrew.\" I leaned in planting a kiss on his forehead before moving his hair out of his eyes. \"Same here, Andrew. Same here.\" From the kitchen we could hear Matt and Steve walking out. Andrew helped me off the ground and wiped his face once more as the two stepped out, this time Matt with the ball. The two were laughing as they got into vice-versa positions. \"Okay, let's do it.\" said Andrew turning to them with the camera. Steve on the other side of the field shook his hands, \"Wait, we said underhand, right?\" Matt looked back to us smiling before saying, \"Yeah, it is underhand.\" he quickly threw the ball, but he aimed at the floor. I watched it closely until it hit the ground and it moved straight up quickly hitting Steve straight in the chin. Steve fell back holding his face as we started laughing at him. \"Okay, again.\" laughed Andrew as they got back in place. Steve stood there bracing himself as Matt looked back at him again. \"Give it to him.\" he said quietly as Steve kept chanting that Matt wasn't 'going to get him this time'. \"He's going to get it.\" he chuckled looking at me. \"Oh, yeah.\" I agreed waiting for another blow in the face to come his way. Matt didn't disappoint, he threw the ball to his right unexpectedly. Steve's head followed the ball until it blew back his way hitting him straight in the face. I let out a loud laugh as he fell straight on his side onto the ground. \"Dude!\" I shouted jumping excited before I ran out to him. \"That's rad. Are you okay?\" Steve stood up swatting me away. \"Don't say it was rad that it hit me then ask me if I'm fine, woman!\" he shouted as he stood up from the grass. \"Damn it, why didn't I think of that?\" he shouted looking to Matt who walked over with Andrew. \"Don't know man,\" he laughed. \"Maybe because you don't have a brain?\" he said while pointing to his head. \"Whatever.\" he said with the shake of his head. \"Sunshine, darling. It's your turn.\" I looked wide eyed between the two guys before looking back Andrew and his camera. \"Uh.\" I mumbled looking to Matt quickly. \"You still think I'm a girl?\" I smiled innocently to him. He smirked down at me, \"A girl who can handle herself.\" \"Fuck.\" I muttered. I looked to the ball on the ground a few ways away before deciding to pick it up and drop it in front of Matt. \"We don't need to do the test on me. I know how to move it!\" I smiled looking around. Steve held me in my spot by the shoulders as Matt stepped back and Andrew moved back a bit to film me, \"Oh, no, Sunny. It's your turn.\" I watched on as Matt pulled his arm back and threw the ball straight at me. I concentrated hard until the ball moved to my left. \"Shit!\" Matt howled in laughter as Steve let go of my shoulders. \"Third fucking time!\" he shouted holding his cheek. I moved away and looked back at him laughing. \"Revenge, so sweet.\" I laughed looking back to Andrew. \"Your turn, buddy!\" I jog over to him and take his camera as he takes my spot and Steve walks over. \"Give me that camera.\" he mutters teasingly as he takes it. \"Come on, Matt. Beam him. Just beam him\" I looked back at Steve with my mouth agape. He looks at me and laughs, \"Chill, Sunny.\" I turn just in time to see Matt fling the baseball straight at Andrew, but the ball didn't get to him like it got to Steve or his cousin. It stopped in mid-air. \"Oh my gosh.\" I mumbled amazed as I ran toward him with Matt and Steve beside me. He held the ball there as he pointed at it just as amazed. \"Ah, dude. Oh my god. You're bleeding.\" stated Steve. This dropped his concentration causing Andrew to drop the ball. \"Shit.\" he said under his breath as he touch his nose. Matt took his cousin and hooked an arm around his neck and shuffled his hair. \"You did it!\" he screamed as we all laughed. Steve handed me the camera as he picked up the ball and looked at the other two as they finished their bromance session. He threw the ball from hand to hand as I filmed them. \"How 'bout some handless catch?\" he suggests as the cousins nod all for it. I step back as they get into position and Andrew takes the ball. I look up from the screen to see him throw the ball Matt's way, but he fails to catch it. Andrew tries once more, but he's not as gentle this time. He sends the ball flying straight towards Matt's dick. \"Fuck!\" he groans falling to his knees as I hold tight onto the camera as I feel a new wave of laughter come on. \"That's not funny.\" I hear him groan as I walk closer to them. \"Sunshine, not now. I'm in shame.\" he says digging his face deeper into the grass. \"Poor thing.\" I chuckle handing Andrew the camera. He keeps it rolling though, despite his cousin's wish. \"Need ice for that?\" \"He's fine.\" laughs Andrew, \"He's a man.\" Steve steps in helping Matt off the grass. \"Not anymore!\" he chuckles leading him back to his house. Andrew and I followed behind, \"Filming some butts there, Andrew?\" I said poking his cheek. \"Totally, I'm getting it for my collection of butt videos.\" he answered. \"Now walk ahead, I need yours too.\" \"Pervert!\" I laughed running ahead with my hands on my butt. \"Andrew has a butt fetish.\" I shout as I sit down at Matt's counter. Steve, drinking a soda, raises an eyebrow while Matt looks at me confused as he holds a bag of ice to his junk. \"I think all guys do.\" Steve said drinking his soda. \"Stop being so weird.\" Andrew took a seat beside me setting his camera on the counter as he laughed looking at me. \"You're so,\" he paused seeming to look for the right word before saying, \"hyperactive. What do you eat?\" \"Normal food.\" \"More like a lot of sandwiches and sugary juice.\" laughed Steve leaning on the counter. \"Really, she doesn't eat anything that would benefit her healthy.\" I scoffed looking away, \"Shut up, Momma Steve.\" I pull my phone out and check the time. \"Shit, it's late.\" I hope off the stool and give Andrew a hug. \"Bye guys!\"[Chapter 5] The sun shone brightly through my window as there was a rapping at my door. \"What?\" I moaned sitting up and stretching my arms. Peeling my eyes open I see my room's door open to reveal my dad standing there. \"Hi, Pa.\" I mumbled rubbing the sleep out of my eyes. \"What's up?\" My dad, tall and chunky, leaned on the door's frame and shook his head. \"Nothing from me, but Steve and some boys are outside.\" My dad lifted an arm and pushed the door open even more to reveal Andrew standing there. \"Oh my gosh!\" I shouted taking a hold of my covers and laying back down with them over my head. \"Dad, Andrew, close the door and leave!\" I shouted with wide eyes under the covers. From the other side of my white sheets I hear my dad and Andrew chuckle. \"Sorry, Sunshine!\" I hear Andrew's voice as the door closes. \"Christ!\" I shout throwing the covers off of me this time. I look around my room to find myself alone this time. Rubbing my face I climb out of bed and walk to my closet and pull out a pair of dark jeans and a forest green sweater and put them on before slipping on a pair of black toms. \"Can't believe those guys.\" I grumble walking down the stairs as I pull my hair back in a bun. \"I'm at home, the fuck.\" \"No cursing, Sunshine!\" calls my dad as I enter the kitchen to find all three boys sitting at the table eating some breakfast. At the stove was my mom hovering over a pan with her long brown hair in a ponytail. \"Sunshine!\" she exclaims turning to look at me. \"Hi, sweetie! About time you got more good looking friends.\" she whispers as I stand beside her and grab a piece of bacon straight off the skillet. \"By the way, I like the one who looks like he hasn't slept since 2003.\" Taking a bite of the bacon I look over to the table and look at each of them until my eyes land on Andrew who always had dark, tired eyes. \"Me too, mom.\" I hear something drop beside me, I jump away from the stove afraid. \"Really!\" The skillet was on the floor with the bacon and oil beside it. \"Sunshine, you have to-\" \"Tracy!\" yells my dad as he scrambles out of his seat and starts to clean up. \"Oh my!\" my mom then follows and helps to clean as I round them slowly and sit at the table beside Andrew. \"You have to, Sunshine!\" Andrew glanced at me as he set a fork full of scrambled eggs in his mouth. He chewed them slowly, then swallowed. \"What's up with your mom?\" he asks stabbing more scrambled eggs onto his fork. \"Nothing.\" I reply turning his hand with mine and eating his food. \"Why are you guys here?\" I ask as I offer him a piece of my bacon, which he gladly accepts. Steve was swallowing his orange juice, so Matt was left to answer my question. \"We were gonna go back to Haven Hills and check out the hole.\" he says in a low tone as he watches my parents grab paper towels like clutz. Nodding, I gesture my head towards the door. \"Are we going then?\" Steve raised his head from his plate and shook his head with wide eyes. \"Heck no! I love your pancakes, Tracy!\" he shouts lifting a brown piece of pancake in the air. My mom perks up after throwing away the napkins and smiles our way, \"Thank you, Stevey. I miss seeing you around here.\" she serves herself and myself a plate and sits down beside my dad. \"I never caught your name.\" she says looking directly at Andrew. Swallowing some food Andrew looks up nervously before glancing at me. \"Andrew, ma'am.\" he answers. \"Your cooking is really good.\" \"My lord, you're too cute.\" she squeals like a teenager before she digs in. The kitchen soon fell silent as we ate. Dad would make the usual small talk with Mom and Matt would comment with adult vocabulary once in awhile, which my parents loved. When I finished eating I glance to Andrew to see him uncomfortable, looking around the table. \"Come on.\" I whispered. He snapped his attention my way as I took his hand under the table and snatched him away. Andrew let a sigh of relief out as we stood outside leaning against Matt's car. \"Thanks, that was awkward, your mom kept looking at me like a hawk.\" \"No problem.\" I smiled looking across the green lawn to see a tennis ball in the rose bushes. Silently, I willed it to come over and land in my hand. \"I've improved.\" I chuckled dropping it into his hands. \"Right?\" he smiled looking down at the ball. \"I can place legos together.\" I could have made a joke about how I could as well since I was a child, but I decide to stay quiet as we watched the wind blow through the roses. Everything was silent, and this time no one broke the silence for a while. Andrew simply stood next to me as we watched time play by slowly. In that moment I felt more than just the sunshine on my face or the wind in my hair, I felt my heart beating in synchronization with something beyond this world. My heart thumped to a beat unknown to me. The earth under me, despite wearing shoes, I swear I could feel it moving under me. I could feel every atom in the air and it wasn't something freaky, I accepted it. All these new senses I felt since I received this weird ability couldn't compare to the original sense I had, touch. Andrew's fingers touched the tip of mine slowly and I stiffened. With that same slow pace his hand wrapped itself around my own. We've held hands before, but somehow this was different than those other times. Eyes staring at my profile broke my stiff spell. Andrew was looking at me. His lips parted and moved saying a few words, but it seemed like the wind blew them away. \"What?\" \"Guys!\" Andrew shifted his hand out of mine and looked back to see Matt and Steve walking out of my front door. \"Ready to leave?\" shouted Steve as he went around Matt's car and settled himself into the passenger seat. Matt walked past us telling us to get in as he took driver's seat. I turned to Andrew looking at him as he turned and opened the back door and climbed in. He scooted to the other end giving me room as I went in and shut the door behind me. Matt wasted no time in starting the car and driving out of the driveway. \"What'd you say?\" I asked turning to Andrew only to see the lens of a camera looking at me. \"Nothing, I just wanted to know if we had English homework.\" Raising an eyebrow I said, \"No. We never have homework on weekends, Andrew.\" Dismissing his question I scoot up in my seat and take a hold of Matt's seat. \"Why are we going to the hole again?\" \"Are you seriously asking this, Sunshine?\" he sighed. His eyes never went off the road as he spoke. \"We need to see what it was.\" Seating myself back in the seat I let out a small huff, \"It caved in, what are we gonna find?\" I mumble to myself. \"So what do you think it is? Radiation?\" piped in Andrew. With a confused look Steve glanced back at him, \"Radiation from what?\" \"Dude, it's the government.\" The entire car went silent, we stared at Matt with the most incredulous expression. He looked over his shoulder, \"What?\" \"What are you talking about!\" shouted Steve as he spazzed in his seat. \"You need to get off the internet, brother. It's corrupting your philosophical mind.\" The ride was short, yet so long with riff raff going on, the boys would joke with each other about what they thought the crystal was, but no real theories came up. When we arrived to the old place Matt parked the car and escorted us out towards the woods. \"Sunshine, why so quiet?\" Glancing up I let out a hum looking at Steve. His lips were curled up in a smirk like he knew something I didn't, as per slowed his pace and pulled me close. \"You really didn't hear what Andrew said to you?\" \"You know?\" I ask nearly stopping, but he wills me to move forward. He pats my shoulder and replies, \"Such a shame.\" before walking away. He continued until he was ahead with Matt once more and I was left with Andrew a little ways ahead. Andrew wore his grey hood ahead of me, his back in a slight slouch like usual. He held the camera in front of him as he talked to Matt and Steve about not going in the hole once again. Steve jumped back scaring him for the giggles. \"You're such a pussy, Andrew.\" laughed his cousin as he and Steve disappeared down a hill. Growing closer to the hill's edge I see the same path my butt left last we were here. \"Sunshine, come on.\" Andrew took my hand and held tightly as we descended. \"Thanks.\" I smiled as we reached the bottom. We neared the hole and Matt shook his head crouching to it's level. \"Man, there's nothing left.\" Steve paced around before stopping, \"It's weird, I can still feel it down there.\" we just looked at the sunken hole and heaved a sigh. \"Well, that answers that.\" \"That answers what, exactly?\" asked Andrew as he looked up at Steve. Standing on his feet Matt patted the dirt off himself, \"Who cares, we came out alive.\" he was going to continue with something else, but he spun on his heel as we heard another voice. \"Hey, you kids can't be here!\" glancing up we see an officer. Andrew, still holding my hand, spins around causing me to move with him as he records; only to see that the place is being surrounded by police officers. \"Okay, we're going.\" shouts Matt in a reply as we begin heading back, \"Vote for Steve!\" We follow Matt as he leads the way up the dirt hill. \"I told you it was the government,\" he mutters minutes later just as we get into the car. The car comes to life and we're off on the road once again. \"What do you think they're going to do with it?\" asks Matt. I sit forward peaking my head between Matt and Steve, \"Matt, again. The government isn't behind this.\" I voiced raising my hand and flicking his temple. \"Tell him, Steve.\" Steve looks at me with a defensive expression and lifts his arms gesturing to himself. \"Now, why me, Sunshine? Huh?\" he asked as if he were in a way offended. \"Why must the black guy be the messenger boy? Haven't my people suffered enough!\" he joked looking away. \"I can't even look at your face right now.\" A chuckle rises from behind me and I see Andrew looking at his camera aimed at us. \"You think this is funny, Detmer?\" I chuckle turning fully to him. Andrew shakes his head and clears his throat trying not to laugh, \"No. I'd never laugh at you, Sunshine,\" he says with a smile spreading on his lips. \"Then what's that on your face, huh?\" I asked turning fully to him. \"Is that, a smile or laughter ready to burst?\" Andrew held that smile as he looked at his camera screen, then back to me. He looked so jovial, unlike when I first met him. Andrew looked like he found life and he was making the most of it. \"Andrew, this is you!\" Called Matt. I watched as Andrew raced out of the car. I muttered under my breath a few choice of words before looking at Andrew slowly walk up his driveway. \"We all know you want to go after him, Sunshine.\" Steve laughed loudly with Matt behind me, \"Oh, shut up.\" I muttered rushing out of the car and following Andrew. The car rushed away with a screech making Andrew look back. \"Andrew!\" I laughed wrapping my arms around his neck. \"Shit, Sunshine.\" He gasped. \"You scared the hell out of me.\" he replied resting an arm on my back. \"Wha- Steve and Matt left.\" \"Well, yeah.\" I laughed nodding my head. \"They had to get home.\" Pulling back I took his hand in mine and pulled him towards his front door, \"So, you going to show me your room or what?\" Andrew's blue eyes flicker around like mad as if he were looking for the devil himself. \"Uh-yeah. Sure.\" He responds squeezing my hand slightly before he walks up to the door and unlocks it. He looks around the living room quickly before letting me in. \"This way.\" he says pulling me down the hall. Looking around the hall I spot a few family portraits hanging on the walls in a random order, nothing too fancy. In fact, nothing in his house was too fancy, it seemed Andrew lived in poverty. Then again, I remember him talking about how they could get by on his mom's medical bills. \"Andrew?\" a hoarse voice whispered. Shocked I looked up at Andrew as he let go of my hand quickly and ducked into a room. \"Andrew, is that you?\" I creep towards the door and opened it wider to see a woman laying in bed. Her brunette hair a curly mess. \"Yeah, mom.\" replied Andrew to her. \"Feeling any better today?\" he asked smoothing down her hair. My heart broke into pieces watching this exchange. Andrew's mom was deathly sick, she had to use an oxygen tank to breathe, I didn't expect her to be this bad off. \"I'm fine.\" she says looking up slightly. \"Hello. Andrew, who is she?\" she asks with a much brighter tone. Wide eyed I looked from Andrew to her before Andrew stands and walks me over. \"This is my friend Sunshine. Sunshine, this is my mom.\" \"Hi,\" I squeak out squatting beside her bed. \"nice to meet you Mrs. Detmer.\" I say taking her hand. Andrew shuffles around the room for a little bit before saying, \"I'll be right back.\" I turn to see him leave the room and back down to the living room. \"You have an amazing son, .\" I smile looking up at her. She squeezes my hand slightly and nods in thanks. Mrs. Detmer takes a deep breath and sits up slightly to rest against the bed's headboard. \"Sit here, sweetie.\" she says patting the bed. I stand and sit beside her. \"I'd like to say thank you to you, Sunshine.\" scrunching my eyebrows confused I look at her. \"For what exactly?\" The woman gives a chuckle and shakes her head. \"Andrew talks a lot about Matt and this boy named Steve a lot to me these days. He's always so excited and happy, even with what happens around here.\" I'm confused once more, but don't push at the last statement and just let her continue. \"But he talks about you the most.\" My breathing hitches and goes haywire as I look at the woman. \"Me?\" I ask in disbelief as I look back to see if Andrew was coming. \"Yes. Take care of him for me, would you? Don't let my baby get in trouble.\" I smile and give her hand a squeeze. \"He's safe in my hands, Mrs. Detmer.\" I reply just as Andrew returns. I stand up and give Andrew room as he hands his mom a glass of water and a few pills. \"Mom, if you need anything we'll be in my room.\" Andrew says as he watches his mom nod and shoo us out. He takes my hand and pulls us out to end of the hallway. \"And this is my room.\" he says with a sigh in his voice. I walk in as he closes the door behind us and give a nod. \"Not bad, for a dork.\" I chuckle looking back at him. \"What's this?\" walking past him I look at a drawing posted on his door side beside the body mirror. \"Did you draw this?\" The room's quiet and no reply comes from Andrew. Turning on my heel I see him staring at me as if he were pissed off, \"Why aren't you saying anything about all of this?\" he asks in a harsh whisper. \"What are you talking about?\" I ask as my eyes flutter all around trying to find a reason his mood suddenly dropped. He walks up closer to me, cornering me. \"About all this .\" he repeats gesturing to his surroundings. Did he really think I was that low? \"Andrew.\" I started off before hugging him. \"All this doesn't matter to me, okay?\" I pulled away looking up at him as he rested his head on my shoulder and held onto my arms. \"I'd be by your side regardless.\" his body shook a bit as if he were fighting back sobs. We stand there for minutes in silence before he looks at me, \"Thanks.\" he smiles. I give him a nod, his blue eyes electrifying my every nerve. \"I really like you.\" he whispers. I stand there looking into his eyes before I give a chuckle, \"Well, Detmer. Are you going to kiss me or not?\" I asked. With that Andrew came closer and slowly kissed me as if savoring this moment. His lips took initiative and led my own in a slow waltz. The kiss soft and passionate, every time his lips met the edge of mine I feared he would pull away and leave me, but every time he returned a hurricane released itself in the pits of my stomach attacking me with joy. Andrew held me like this moment, like I would fade away at any moment. I suppose he had every right to hold on. \"Andrew!\" Fear soared through me as there was a bang at the door behind me. \"Wha-\" I whispered out looking at Andrew bugged eyed before the door was thrown open and I fell on top of Andrew. \"Oh man.\" I whispered afraid looking down at Andrew who had his eyes shut in pain. \"You hit your head on your bed are you-\" \"Andrew, who is this whore?\" quickly I was pulled off my feet and shoved into a bookcase. \"Answer me, you little shit!\" roared the man looking down at Andrew before picking him up. \"You're down here fucking this bitch as your mom's dying in the next room, is that it?\" he shouted at the top of his lungs before he hit him in the head. Everything froze, my body went into shock at the scene occurring in front of me. A ringing ran through my head as I pushed it all aside. \"Leave him alone!\" I shouted pulling at the man's sleeve. \"You're hurting him!\" The man quickly moved his attention towards me and took me by under my arm. He began to drag me down the hall with harsh pulls as Andrew yelled at his dad from behind us. \"Who the hell do you think you are coming into my house, huh?\" he roared pulling the door open and throwing me out. \"Don't fucking let me see your face around here, tramp!\" I sat on the concrete breathing heavily as I looked at the white door. My heart raced in my throat and I couldn't move. Andrew's dad could be heard from outside. Slowly, I stood on my feet and started walking down the street, glancing back to the house once in a while praying he would be alright. ","Summary":" \"Did you see what Sean was doing in the hall?\" giggled a blonde sitting at her desk with one leg "},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Juno and the Jock","Author":"theevilestgeekofall","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6840681","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Good ole Bleek and I walk to school everyday. Yeah, sure, chuckle while you sip some wine with that cheese. What can I say—we're best friends and we're morning people. Plus we're going out. We have been for basically a year. I kind of love him and his awkwardness. He is the bacon to my orange juice. Coincidently the combination happens to be a breakfast of champions, thank you very much. So put that in your pipe and smoke it. So usually we're just bitchin' seniors laughing up a storm, but today we're just holding hands. I mean, it's nice and all, but we've been doing the whole we're-so-in-love-we-don't-have-to-even-talk thing for…kind of a while. But heck, I deal. I can be one chill cat. And I just look over to see the sun in his hair… And, hey, fuck the silence. The kid's just friggin' adorable. I smile broadly, he smiles in that meek way of his back, we kiss (no tongue, darn) and we part ways. It's the start of second semester, so Bleek's all worried about getting to his new classes on time, yadda yadda. Now on my own (a part of me is relieved he's gone?) I shove my hands in my jean pockets. They should probably be cleaned…probably have worn these babies for a good three days straight now. There's a sense of hippie legitimacy but the label of she's-the-girl-who-smells-like-homelessness looms near. I really can't have that. I mean I've already lived life as the cautionary whale; the way of the hobo is just a bit too much for me. As I'm musing over the jeans I recall the fact I need to check out my schedule, as my fingers brush the bottom of my right pocket to find an entirely weathered piece of paper. First thought: this dilapidated piece of paper has probably gone through the wash a trillion times. Second thought: this crinkled piece of shit is actually my schedule. I pull it out. From what I can make out first hour's Creative Writing with that one teacher who looks like a wrinkled trout (it's inexplicably true. See it to believe it, my friend) and, swear to blog, she smells faintly of fish. I've never had her, though. Trout hits my tender nostrils right as I walk through the door. Not fun in the least. I'm halfway wishing Bleek would be right next to me so we could smile and hide our laughs together. Now, that would be fun. Maybe. Probably. Oh hell, definitely. She's the fucking trout lady. Bleek always thought she was a myth, now that I think of it. I sigh. This could have been a legendary moment for dude. So I shuffle up and down rows of seats, because good ole teach just had to place cutesy little name notecards on our desks: assigned seating. I could picture her, all excited, carefully writing out her students' names in Crayola and probably envisioning them all to be…what, five, six years old? I sit down at my seat (front row. The gods are telling me to keep with my nerd status. I decide to embrace it). Her little notecard for me has smiley faces, clouds, and rainbows on it. A warm smile comes over me. Can't help but remember Bleek's postcard he sent me in Spanish class, all that time ago… The bell rings (trout still not reporting for duty in front of class) but that's not what snaps me out of my little trip down memory lane. Nope, it's a voice, low and fucking cocky as hell— \"Geez MacGuff, I didn't think you could look any dykier, but you managed to pull it off. Bravo!\" The voice cackled and clapped slowly. I'd know that cackle anywhere. I let a dry, venomous laugh, brushin' it off the only way I know how: bitch style. \"Gee, Rendazo, I gotta say the douchiness of you and your thirty-dollar polo amazes me in its sheer magnitude of unoriginality. So, really, hat's off to you. You're a royally massive douchebag.\" Steve Rendazo grinned, that stupid, I'm-a-jock grin, with his eyes all lit up, Chesire Cat style. He's eating this shit up. \"Well, hell, that's not the only thing that's massive about me!\" Some dude behind us started to crack up. Rendazo high-fived him. \"Ah, how I adore your high brow humor,\" I quipped in a socialite sort of voice, with just the right amount of satisfying, bitter bite to it. \"Simply divine .\" While I do absolutely abhor Steve and his stupid insults dripping with the humor of a Neanderthal, I gotta say, there's a certain fun in the whole let's-insult-each-other thing. I call it the Ping Pong Effect. It's definitely a break from the quiet life I've had as of late. Well sit me down and tell me I'm Charlie Sheen. You know you're life's headed down the shitter if you actually enjoy talking with Steve Rendazo. \"Class—class!\" Trout now tried desperately to get the attention of a class of seniors she left alone for ten minutes. She evidently doesn't know that one minute—one second—of free time is enough to distract the minds of those suffering from a disease known as Senioritis. Sure, it's a cheesy excuse, or joke, or what-have-you. But it's serious and it's pretty much fucking us all sideways right now. Trout smiles desperately, Coke-bottled eyes glinting madly in the bluish sting of the school's cheap florescent lighting. It's Day One, and I think she's already considering giving up and retiring to a life of cheap bars, beer, and men. Once again, a certain chuckle pushes me from my thoughts. \"This is so pathetic. I almost feel bad for her,\" he mutters cheerfully under his breath. It's as though he's meaning to eventually wind up murmuring sweet nothings to himself, but then…he glances at me. And—damn, it could be the florescent lighting—I see him blush. Sure, he has the hots for me, I knew that already. But this feels…real? (!) And, worst of all, as the two of us sit together laughing over The Hopeless Trout, I feel a faint tinge. Since I'm blushing, too.[Chapter 2] I headed out of my seventh hour class when my phone, Ebeneezer, went off. I'd like to say the ringtone's some sweet downloaded tune (maybe even pirated off of some site, since I like to live on the edge) but it definitely is not. It's like some funky xylophone that's simultaneously trying to be Jamaican and drown itself. I'd change it, but I figure it suits Ebeneezer's personality quite nicely. (I suitably ignored Steve's irritating little dance to Ebeneezer's theme song, taking long strides away from the vicinity of The Trout and all the weirdness associated with that class) Like the chill cat I am I whip out the ole phone and click open the new text message in one fluid motion. Sometimes I just feel like a friggin' boss. From, Bleek, of course: \"Can't walk home. Science club.\" –In case you wondered, my man doesn't like the whole Lts Txt Lyk Dis thing some of my peers seem to fancy. Here's the thing: though the whole flamingly proud individual thing is my claim to fame, I don't like walking by myself. It's like Brenda with dairy products: something just doesn't sit right in the stomach. Of course, I resort to texting the only other legitimate tie I have to my peers: Leah. \"Banana Boat?\" I dial confidently with my right thumb. Like a boss. Banana Boat is an awkwardly titled store that is polluted with probably already-opened food and soda, ice cream of all the different flavors under the sun, and—who could forget—orgasmic banana splits for which the store is so lovingly named after. Oh yeah, and everything's cheap. Dirt cheap. So Leah and I like to go there. With no Bleek, what else am I going to do with my downtime? I'm not feeling slushy-worthy at the moment. Banana Boat's definitely the next-best option. \"So, what's your schedule like?\" I drawl out to Leah, sitting across from me in a sticky store booth, stabbing the banana split between us with a plastic spoon. Her eyes lit up like Miley Cyrus' must have upon realizing she could be a whore and make Disney millions. Best of both worlds. \"Okay, so I have Mr. Carther, and he…\" her words gushed out and she blushed with a fangirl kind of fervor. Almost as bad as when she found out that Justin Beaver kid had come out with a perfume line—\"It's like he made it for me , Juno. You don't even understand !\" I wince internally. And externally. \"Leah, what is it with you and the archaic, homely men of the administration?\" I sighed. Girl will never learn. Leah scoffed, mouth stuffed with banana and nuts. \"You just have to hear him talk. You haven't had him, dude. He will blow your mind.\" \"Psh. Sure. Just so long as you don't start blowing his head.\" \"Shut up !\" She tried to hit me from across the table, but I dodged it with a ninja-like agility. \"Anyway…since I can't talk about the friggin' love of my life …how's the ole semester for you? June-bug ?\" I rolled my eyes and my face flushed due to the fact Steve's stupid dance popped up in my mind, immediately. Fuck face. \"Oh! Okay, dude—I have The fucking Trout Lady in last hour.\" \"Oh my Gaga. Are you kidding me?\" Leah's eyes sparkled. It felt like we were sharing a weird secret. \"No…the whole place reeks of fish. Friggin' fish hatchery in there. And…\" my stomach fluttered with a strange flash of nerves \"to top it all off, I sit right next to Steve Rendazo.\" \"Oooh. That's rough.\" Leah wasn't even really paying attention, I could see her eyes flutter as she took in another bite of ice cream. \"Steve is hot, though…\" she said, absentmindedly. \"I'd tap that.\" \"You'd tap anything, Leah.\" She cackled. \"You are such a bully. Jesus. But that's probably true.\" She laughed again, and we Chatty Cathy-ed it up about other things. Leah was driving me home when I saw a group of recognizable nerds from our jail of a school. They were huddled together right outside the bowling alley, like an anxious pack of puppies. I scanned the faces and— \"Wait a second,\" I motioned Leah to slow down. A little bit apart from the group stood two people, hugging awkwardly. Just awkwardly enough to alert me who the male in the situation was—technical male, that is—Bleek. And Sara. Some sophomore slut who Bleek sometimes talks about. My hormones are raging. Plus, I just injected myself with a shitload of cheap, banana-filled sugar. Despite these two factors, I see the unmistakable trace of affection in the way Bleek tips his head and slips his arms around her. They're smiling, they break apart. \"Shiiit.\" Leah breathes out, glancing at the alley. \"Is that Bleeker?\" \"Yeah.\" I said. \"Do you wanna stop over there? Give that child a piece of your mind?\" \"It's nothing, Leah. C'mon. It's Bleek. He wouldn't ever cheat or anything.\" \"She is pretty,\" Leah mused, her eyes going back to the road. \"That's Sara Parker.\" \"I know who she is,\" I snapped, as we rounded the last corner it takes to get to my house. \"Geez. PMS, much.\" Leah grumbled out. \"Hey…Dad?\" My voice feels higher than usual, but I don't think it's really detectable. Especially not to old Pops. He's sitting with a beer, easing his mind from a likely grueling day on the job. \"What, Juniper?\" I swear to vlog, he comes up with a new nickname for me daily. \"We need anything from the store? I'm itchin' to drive.\" Dad paused, absentmindedly mulling over whatever the fridge or cupboards may be lacking. \"We could use some more orange juice,\" Brenda shuffled in the kitchen, filling up a glass with water and ice. \"Orange juice it is!\" I declared, and, jingling my coveted keys, I headed out the door. At night, while driving, my brain felt clearer. Seeing Bleek with Sara kind of irritated me. To say the least, it played a Debbie Downer to the rest of my day. Feeling sour, trudging back to the van with a jug of generic brand juice, an idea struck me—an idea I couldn't quite shake away. The van moving smoothly, radio off, I drove past Vanessa's enormous house. The lights were off, but the strange psychic within me only needed that sense that…that my…my son was in there. Don't get me wrong. I love being free, and I wouldn't ever be able to handle the obese responsibility that comes with a kid. I was just having a weak moment. Really off night. Maybe it was PMS. I reached the main road to find a red light and a ridiculously blue car right next to me. I leaned over, looking to see what sort of douchebag was driving that thing… Only to meet the eyes of one Steve Rendazo. Along with two other brainless bros . They were smiling. All of their eyes read, \"Hilarious, a nerd dyke in her mommy van!\" I sneered and abruptly smiled, revving my mommy engine—doesn't that sound strangely naughty— Steve revved his smooth engine, the three jocks cracking up. Green light and we race. I'm smiling, readily pissed, anger just overwhelming any common sense or any other sense other than speedspeedspeed . I flood that gas. Of course they win. I want to laugh, but I just don't know what to think. I feel freer, but I feel the same. That drive felt absolutely fucking unsatisfying. I turn the corner, to our quiet, soft home, and lie in my bed. I switch my CD player on to some mellow Moldy Peaches.[Chapter 3] Ehhhhh. Feeling bored. Sorry if it's not up-to-par/too short/whateva. ~Facebook Chat~ Steve Rendazo (10:00): Hey. Lezzie Steve Rendazo (10:03): Helloooo Steve Rendazo (10:04): Anybody home? Juno MacGuff (10:05): Jesus. Juno MacGuff (10:05): I left to go make me a sandwich. Juno MacGuff (10:05): So why did you message me? Steve Rendazo (10:05): Make me a sammich. Steve Rendazo (10:06): Woman Juno MacGuff (10:08): Please, don't be afraid to refer to my previous question. Juno MacGuff (10:09): Unless you honestly wanted me to make you a lunch delicacy as I have nimble fingers and adept stacking abilities. Steve Rendazo (10:10): This is why you can't sit at the cool kid table Steve Rendazo (10:11): Wasn't in class today. Did we have hw? Steve Rendazo (10:14): Do I offend Juno MacGuff (10:25): And I'm back. We didn't have any homework…. Juno MacGuff (10:26): We never do, Rendazo…. Juno MacGuff (10:28): This is why you can't make honor roll Steve Rendazo (10:29): Hey Steve Rendazo (10:29): I pay attention Steve Rendazo (10:29): For all you know I could be honor roll Juno MacGuff (10:30): Please Steve Rendazo (10:31): Steve Rendazo (10:32): I feel cyberbullied Juno MacGuff (10:33): So go cry into your community college application Steve Rendazo (10:36): No hw, then Juno MacGuff (10:37): Nope. ~Juno MacGuff has logged off of Facebook Chat~ \"Do you want to do something?:)\" I stare at the glowering little screen at my thumbs all I'm-about-to-have-a-mental-breakdown style. Every single time I get this text from Bleek it means one thing and one thing only: he wants some action. In the pants. Pronto. Usually I blush, laugh, and stomp into my sneakers to head over to his place. Nothing like a little bit of nookie , my grandma never said. However, the instant I read those words Sara Parker's face flashed in front of me. Whoops, I should clarify: Sara's face *attached* to Paulie's face flashed before my eyes. She really is really pretty—far prettier than I; the honest, humble voice I usually keep gagged in the back of my mind realizes it. The adolescent voice inside of me decides to loathe this shallow fact and attribute it to… To the beginning of the end of my relationship with Bleeker. As much as I'd like to get my mack on with my sweet, well-intentioned man—I know that I'd be picturing her the whole time. That last statement very well may justify every single one of those homosexual jokes Rendazo scoffs my way. I digress. We—Bleek and I—we feel doomed. As doomed as Oprah attempting yet again a cheeseburger-less diet. And so I impulsively take on a dark and dismal perspective deserving of some kind of published set of free-verse poems: I gotta tell him that— My phone lights up with a second text from him: \";)\" How bold. Still, I can literally feel his bony finger slipping and fumbling his way around Down Under, eyes staring at me, lips lightly pecking around like an anxious and starved bird- Quantity not quality , my grandma also never said. And yet, something breaks inside of me. I blush, I laugh softly, and I stomp on my tennis shoes. \"Be back in a few hours!\" I call out to probably nobody. To my surprise I hear Brenda's distant \"Drive safely!\" from the kitchen. ","Summary":" Good ole Bleek and I walk to school everyday. Yeah, sure, chuckle while you sip some wine with that"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"The Edinburgh Problem","Author":"Elemnestra Aethelflaeda","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12312727","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: So this is basically a one-shot, complete in itself. That said, I do have some ideas (and a bare few hundred words written) for where I'd like to take the plot further. I'm just not going to be promising that anything extra will be posted, though, because I have a horrendous track record with that sort of thing. Disclaimer: I don't own anything/anyone you recognise. (Including the characters' initial lines.) The Edinburgh Problem 'But we can't win alone,' William says. 'We know that.' Can't win without the nobles, he means. Well, Hamish doesn't know about that. It's always been the common folk who get things done, be it farming or fighting. Nobles are basically nobles. Squabbling children, shoving vicious and greedy for whatever scraps get thrown from their English masters. 'It's the only way,' William adds, insistent. Hamish scowls. It's a sad day when Hamish is the most sensible man around. And Hamish is always the most sensible of anyone in this band of mad rebels. William is contagious, is what he is, and there's hardly any man but Hamish willing to hit him when he takes some impossible notion into his head. Hamish only leaves off because it'd be a bad look for leadership, really. They've all learnt, now, just how sour disunity tastes. But this, Hamish thinks, this is the most damnably stupid thing he's heard out of William yet. He tells William so. William frowns at him, serious and intense and stupidly undaunted. Hamish glares back, with as little effect as usual, and Stephen looks interestedly between them. There seems to be concern mixed in with the Irishman's curiosity, though, so maybe Hamish has an actual ally in this fight. He's like to need one. Hamish repeats himself, lowly, under his breath, because the utter stupidity of this plan is a thing that seems to bear repeating. Even William's infectious idealism can't shine up the tarnish here. This plan isn't his usual fare, dreaming up victories from hopeless odds; this is hardly a plan at all. This is William, acting on faith and hope and precious little else. But William isn't wrong, is the problem. They can't survive with the titled bastards working against them. Now if only Hamish could ever trust their word, then the notion of wandering into their midst to clasp hands and pledge loyalty would be grand. Maybe even if only William could trust them. Because the other problem, Hamish thinks, is that William looks exhausted. There are Scots all over this country toasting the name of William Wallace, but the man is slowly reaching the end of his rope. And they all three know that this is a trap. It must be: they're being promised exactly what they most need, when they are most desperate, and so it can only be a trap. Hamish knows how this world works. And it has never worked in a Scot's favour. Nor, he supposes, has it ever worked in an Irishman's favour. Nor the Welsh. Just for the English. Always and ever only the damned English. 'I don't want to be a martyr,' Hamish says. William is solemn, quiet when he replies, 'Nor I.' Hamish might even believe him. But it means little enough, really, when he knows that William also hadn't wanted to fight; hadn't wanted to do anything but marry and farm and live in peace. And look where they all are now. Look at all that their wants are worth in this life: nothing. And anyway, Hamish knows, having no wish to be martyred doesn't mean that William will stop taking impossible risks with his own life; doesn't mean that William will grieve his own death. There's an easy retort, right there on Hamish's tongue, about that—about just who waits for William in the next life, and just how much he wants to be with her again—but he can't bring himself to say it. Instead, Hamish says, 'So you'd best not be going to Edinburgh then.' Tell truth, he can hardly believe that they're even having a serious argument about this. Except that William is a stupid, stubborn bastard once he's made up his mind. So really Hamish can hardly believe that William's hung around for long enough to give anyone—to give Hamish , because it's only Hamish who's sensible enough to realise that William sometimes needs a good thwack upside the head—a chance to start the argument. Or maybe it isn't too unbelievable. Instead of giving Hamish any answer about the Edinburgh problem, William chooses to make a movement like he's about to haul himself up off the ground, and Hamish and Stephen snag a shoulder each and wrestle him back down. It needs worryingly little effort. William's breathing gets worryingly laboured. But there's still a pulse beating strong enough beneath Hamish's fingers. There's no extra blood leaking where it shouldn't be. So Hamish keeps one hand on William's shoulder to save time later, and decides he might as well take advantage of an opportunity to extend his argument. Maybe they could hurry all this useless blather up a bit. Get somewhere more defensible before any more English decide to pop up from the undergrowth, set on taking out rebels. 'Walking into an ambush won't win us anything,' Hamish says bluntly. William looks no less mulish. Hamish takes a fortifying deep breath and commits to using the magic word. 'It surely won't win us freedom .' More like exactly the opposite, he thinks—and then says aloud, because a bit of extra belabouring the point probably can't hurt now. And apparently they're not all agreed that this plan is a made-to-order trap. 'If Edinburgh is to be an ambush,' William argues, 'then what of today?' His hand twitches an aborted wave at their surroundings. 'This wasn't from men planning to lay an ambush tomorrow.' Hamish doesn't disagree; but he does have a bit of simple good paranoid sense on his side. 'Or maybe yon English won't be relying on just the one plan.' 'But,' William says, 'this isn't an English plan.' Stephen adds his own unhelpful commentary: 'And if the Bruce wanted William dead, he would be by now.' So much for Hamish having an ally in this; he'd really thought that Stephen might be more cynically suspicious. He scowls more deeply, and argues back, 'And the rest of them?' Amazingly, William seems to concede the point. Or anyway he doesn't bother to argue about it. Of course he only looks like he's ignoring the point instead, which doesn't actually make Hamish much happier. William needs to start listening when other people talk common sense at him. Because maybe no one else is seeing what Hamish sees plain as day, maybe they're all convinced that William won't get himself killed, maybe they're just all waiting for Hamish to do the hard work of arguing—but there isn't a hope in bloody hell that William can make his merry way to Edinburgh. Not even for the sake of all Scotland. Not that William is willing to admit to it. Instead the great mutton-headed moron tries to stand up again. Not that he gets far. Not that he's learnt from all the last times he's tried it, but he'll not be going anywhere on his own feet in a hurry. And if not for the bloody great hole currently in William, then Hamish would be sitting on him by now just to keep him in place. Or, no, he'd be more like to have just hit the man over the head. William's been patched up as best they can. But he isn't well. And plainly he knows it—can't much avoid his own body refusing him—but he's just as plainly ignoring the fact. Damn the man. Can't anything ever be easy? Not lately. Probably, Hamish knows, not at all. 'It's the only way,' William says again, apparently imagining that he's still any chance at being convincing while laid up on his back. Hamish only wants to hit him again. Hard. 'So I'll go.' William shuts up at that, and finally quits his struggling—in surprise or agreement, Hamish can't tell. So long as William gives up on wasting all his energy, Hamish doesn't care. The mad Irishman, meanwhile, is looking as though Hamish's volunteering is reasonable . Probably most people would take that as a dire indictment of the plan. But Hamish is aiming to win this argument, even if it takes him talking to treacherous damned nobility. 'You'll go?' William echoes. He's gone quieter again, almost calm. Hamish squints at him warily. If this sudden compliance is William's next foolhardy plan, and he's going to try standing and wandering off as soon as Hamish's back is turned, then Hamish is going to be very unhappy . 'He'll go,' Stephen answers confidently. 'And you'll lie low to rest up before there's any more of your charging at half the English garrison.' He sounds cheerful, but then that's only his usual flavour of bizarre. Hamish actually finds it reassuring these days. It seems that William agrees, because he scarcely even bothers mounting a token protest that it hadn't been fully half the garrison. And that's true: it had only felt like half the damned garrison cutting William off from his men, getting in the way of Hamish trying to make the ground to guard his back. But it hadn't taken half the garrison for William's luck to run out and put him on the ground. Not in the ground, though. Not yet. Damn the man. Damn the English bastards, and damn the Scottish ill luck, and damn everything . Hamish watches William sag into the ground, pale and weary with pain and blood loss, looking awfully like some of the fight's been drained out of him, and all he can think is damn, damn, damn . There is nothing right in any of this, and there never has been any justice, not in all of Hamish's life, but if the Lord can only give Hamish just one more favour then Hamish needs it to be this one here now. Let William live. Let them all live, and win free. Let this not have all been for nothing. Hamish watches William, prone and near to passing out, and thinks that he has never been much good at prayer. He desperately wants to hit someone. He wants to carve up an Englishman like they've done William; wants to break them down and drain them dry like they've done his homeland for years on end. He wants to stop sitting by deathbeds. He wants, he wants, and he might not ever get . But then that's what this rebellion thing is for. So maybe Hamish had better get on with it, right? Sitting on William's other side, Stephen nods at Hamish with the bright self-assurance of a man who's just settled an argument and has everything well under control. And, well, Hamish might just give him that first one even if it had really been more of a team effort with Hamish himself at the forefront. William seems to have been settled down, anyway, which is the main thing. No one at all has this situation under control, of course, no matter what Stephen's expression suggests. But at least pretending to take charge of it all is about as good a start as Hamish can think up right now. For all his standard crazed babble, the Irishman has proven well alert to danger; mad he might be, but not stupid. Really, Stephen's probably the next-most sensible person around, after Hamish. Or anyway he's twitchily paranoid enough that Hamish can trust him to watch William's back when Hamish can't. So there's that problem sorted. And as for Edinburgh? If this isn't a trap then they can't afford to miss their chance. They're not like to get another. And sure, Hamish isn't the man that the nobles want to see; but with any luck they'll settle for him anyway, at least long enough for William to get back on his feet. He'll probably make a fair enough consolation prize for any bastards who might be thinking of setting a snare, too. He doesn't want to be a martyr. They've not been spending all these months roaming apart from any settlement only for the fun of roughing it. For the pleasure of missing their families, their homes, the promise of anything like regular full meals. Walking straight through the gates of Edinburgh feels as foolhardy a notion now as it ever has. A poor repayment for all their time spent skulking and wary, striking hard and fast before melting back into the landscape. Hamish doesn't like it; but had liked less when that stubborn bastard had been insisting on going himself, half-dead. And he'll not be breaking his word now. Edinburgh it is. ","Summary":" A/N: So this is basically a one-shot, complete in itself. That said, I do have some ideas (and a ba"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Dearest William","Author":"marchofthemadhare","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8171672","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Dearest William, Words cannot describe a battle, yet the words I know from my humble upbringing will have to suffice. These overflowing emotions pulse through your bloodstream: an overwhelming mix of love, pride, joy and duty, reminding you of everything you have and everything you have to lose. Fear is an emotion often tied to battle but curiously I do not feel it. Racing through my veins is the knowledge that with every swing of my sword, with every step of my horse, with every falling Englishman, Scotland's freedom comes ever closer. That knowledge powers the strokes of my sword and even when my mortal body is weary, my soul and heart throb with a fierce joy In the midst of so much death and destruction, I feel alive. Living. Breathing. Fighting. Ever moving onwards. The fight today was not large, only a skirmish, but in the heat of the sun, in the force of the bloodlust and the life thrumming through my veins, I wished it was longer. I wanted to be a part of the army of proud Scottish warriors in a real battle, cleansing our highlands of the English scum. There I can prove my worth, there under the god-given sun and over the trampled earth I can really show my fierce pride and love of our beautiful country. For it is our country, never forget that. We are Scotland; the highlands run in our veins, just as we are the lifeblood of our country. We are the ragged strength of the highlands; we are the brave islands that stand against the raging tide; we are the steadfast lowlands and the constant uplands: we are Scotland. We are expecting another fight tomorrow. It will most likely be another skirmish. I am confident of my survival. Why, when I have life and love and pride thrumming through my veins, when I feel the might of my everlasting soul strengthening my mortal body, when I know the spirit of every Scotsman standing beside me, should I fall? I will see you again, my son. I do not know when, for this conquest shall continue until the highlands are soaked in the blood of men. Whether it be English or Scottish, I do not know. All I am certain of is that we shall fight and we shall fall, but we shall prevail. One day my son, the day manhood embraces you, you will fight by my side and together we shall fight for our beloved country. Scottish blood is ancient, and we have the force of our ancestors in our heart, in our soul, strengthening us when we are wary and driving our blades into the bodies of those who dare to take our lands from us. I love you, my son, my pride, Your Father. I wrote this ages ago, in an English lesson, and have only just decided to post it. I hope you liked it. Reviews are always welcome, and replied to. ","Summary":" Dearest William, Words cannot describe a battle, yet the words I know from my humble upbringing wil"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Primae Noctis","Author":"OldTimeyRomance","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8674942","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The lights shined dimly on the village as they celebrated the marriage between two of their young townspeople. Ewan and Muirne were the talk of the village. They glowed with the happiness of a young married couple truly in love. As music started to play Ewan held Muirne close, he whispered quiet promises in her ear stroking her cheek. She would blush and smile gazing into his eyes…. They had waited so long for this Muirne thought; they had known each other since she was thirteen. The friendship that had started just purely as affection had blossomed before them as he grew to be a strong capable farmer and her, a kind gentle soul. He watched her as she cared for her ailing father, he saw as she took care of her siblings with the grace and dignity of a noble woman. They were poor but no one would have known the way she provided for them. Yes he loved her…. And she in turn loved him. She had given him her blessings and best wishes as he went off to battle for Scotland's freedom. He had promised her that when he returned things would be better. He would ask her father for her hand. When he returned years later beaten and scarred she had not looked upon him with disgust. She tended to his wounds carefully and patiently. Telling him how proud she was had made him bitter and disgusted with himself. Despite her assurance that she did indeed love him, he refused to believe it. He painfully recalled how he had tried to end their relationship. His ego bruised with defeat and a jagged scar on his left cheek only served as a reminded of his utter failure. She looked him directly in the eyes and he swore at that moment looked into his soul. \"No\" she had simply uttered. He had been shocked; his strong resolve had all but crumbled when she reached for his hand. \"Do you truly not wish to be my husband?\" she had asked looking down at their intertwined hands. She looked up as he sighed sensing him finally crumbling. \"Of course I wish it my love.\" He said a sadness overtaking his voice; she raised her hand to stroke his cheek. Tracing lightly over the thin scar, she leaned in close and kissed it gently \"Then ask my father dear, he will say yes, you will have his blessing. We have waited long enough don't you think?\" He nodded kissing her hand and pulling away only to escort her home. The old man was happy to see the interest in his daughter. When Ewan went to ask for her hand the old man only laughed. \"I'm surprised it took you this long my lad.\" He had said shaking Ewan's hand. By then Ewan was a man of almost twenty five years, and Muirne a woman of nineteen. He worked on his farm for a time trying to earn some money for a plot of his own. But times in Scotland were difficult with the wars between the Scots and the British growing more and more frequent he was losing his chance to gain any land at all. Muirne insisted that she did not mind that he had not a shilling. \"It matters not love\" she had said. He had once again grown stubborn and angry. \"I shall fight it, I will own my own land, I will provide for you when we are married\" He promised her. She sighed only shaking her head. His strong arms caught her in an embrace and he whispered in her ear \"Just a little while longer my darling\" And yet again when he failed her she had not left. She had insisted upon staying with him, yes, He thought, they waited a long time for this night. They had no money or land as he had planned, and their wedding was simple but he would never forget what she looked like that day, how beautiful she glowed and how her gentle kind smile radiated to every person there. Yes, he loved her more than anyone could possible imagine, and she him. He watched in awe as she shed emotional tears over their wedding vows. Promising to protect and cherish her with his life was the promise he has made before god and witnesses…. And he would protect her. No one would take her from him. He remembered all this as they danced together… Muirne held tightly to him allowing herself to drift with the music, letting him guide her. The night was cold and her thin wedding dress was not enough to keep her warm. An icy breeze made her shudder; Ewan rubbed her back and shoulders warming her. They stopped dancing to sit by the light of the fire arms around each other. She had only felt happier on one occasion, when he said that he did indeed intend to ask for her hand. She could imagine no one she felt more content with, no one she felt safer with. She could not wait to begin her life with him, she had long imagined what it would be like to wake up next to him, pass the cold mornings wrapped in his strong arms. Watch him gaze lovingly at their children. Dark clouds gathered in the horizon, everyone wrapped in their joy ignored this ominous sign until …. What sounded like claps of thunder but instead were arriving hoof beats on the soggy earth sent the wedding party scrambling. Men went to protect their wives, women scrambled for their children as the British soldiers strode through the small village. Ewan stood up hastily trying to block Muirne from the view of the soldiers. He did not know why they were here, but it was never a pleasing sign. His eyes widened as he saw the lord of the land stride up on a white horse looking around curiously. Certainly no good would come of this, whatever it was for. Behind him he felt Muirne reach for his hand and grasp it tightly. \"Good evening\" the lord said, his breath fogging as the air grew degrees cooler around him. No one responded or even looked up at this man, But Ewan did, and he felt the slow rise of hatred in his heart. He knew the only thing keeping him grounded was the tight grasp of Muirne's hand. Finally somewhere someone spoke up. \"Good evening my lord.\" Someone barely whispered. \"Is there something that you require my lord\" said another of the guests. A slight smile crossed the old man's face. \"I have come to exercise my right on this joyous night… the right of primae noctis. Silence….. For a split second the world seemed to shatter around them, before any of the guards could react Ewan had a pitchfork in his hand. \"Over my dead body\" he nearly growled he stood between his new wife and the guards ready to tear the throat of anyone who even dare approach them. The guards drew their swords and advanced as if they had anticipated this. He brought the pitchfork up readying for attack. \"No\" came the voice behind him and he closed his eyes \"no\" he thought. Begging it not to be true, he would not let her sacrifice her honor for him. \"Ewan\" she called gently her hand reaching over his shoulder to his hand holding the weapon. He dropped it. The guards began to advance and her turned to face her. \"No, you can't do this. I won't let him have you. I'll-\" she put a hand to his mouth \"you'll not do a thing, it is his right.\" She said out loud the entire village was silent in horror. \"Do not fight; I will not have you hurt. Not when I can fix it.\" She said her voice strong and steady. Only her eyes gave her away. She was frightened, in that moment she looked younger and more innocent then he had ever thought, and his hatred grew. He would not allow that man to touch her, to stare at her like a hungry wolf looks at an innocent lamb. She took a deep breath and leaned closer \"Only you, my love\" she whispered somewhere the lord cleared his throat impatiently. \"I grow tired of delays girl\" he called she ran her finger lightly along his scar memorizing his face it seemed. She turned towards the lord and approached his horse \"I am yours my lord\" she said curtsying slightly. She was lifted onto another horse and quickly turned away from her friends and family. Ewan fell to the ground as the horses rode off, his stomach churned and his hatred blinded him. I will kill them , he thought darkly. The crowd slowly broke up. Some crying and distant wailing was heard from the houses. He hated that what have they to cry about, they are not the captives he thought. Her father came to him, sadness and hurt reaching his eyes. \"There's nothing to be done my son\" he said Ewan said nothing. \"She would not want you to sit out here all night.\" Her father said pulling him to his feet and walking him to their small house. Ewan sat down inside and breathed in the familiar scent of her. His heart began to ache when he looked over at her empty cot by the fire. He longed to hold her in his arms to comfort her, ease her fright. \"Do you know…?\" he whispered one night they were together, sitting by the very same fire. \"How much I love you?\" he finished. He said it purely to make her smile. He loved to watch the blush creep up her cheeks until her ears turned red. \"How much?\" she asked \"I love you….\" he paused lifting her chin to look in his eyes \"more than god's green earth… more than my own life love\" She had smiled tracing the scar on his cheek as she often did \"my love…\" she whispered trailing off. She needn't say more. She always did find the perfect thing to say. \"Ewan\"…. He was broken from his trance as her father held out a bowel of stew for him. He took it and held it limply. He had no desire to eat. He had no desire to do anything but wait until she came home to him. Muirne shivered as she stood before him, she had told herself this was the right thing to do, for her home, for her husband's life…. for hers. She was determined to keep a calm mask of peaceful indifference on her face. But oh! how she longed for her husband. He was supposed to bed her on their wedding night. He would know how to calm her nerves… It was normal he would assure her to be apprehensive. She had waited so long, and it had come to this, her first night alone would be with a man she neither knew nor wanted. She would pretend this a game, she said to herself…. She would close her eyes and pretend she was with her husband. \"Come girl\" the lord beckoned and she hesitantly went to his bed... Ewan did not sleep. He did not attempt too. He shuddered to think of Muirne and if she had slept at all. He went outside as the dawn broke and waited at the edge of the village for his wife. Hours passed, but he did not move or falter. He would be the first one she saw as she came home . . . finally . . . A horse passed through the thick fog, on it a soldier and behind him Muirne. As she saw him a look of shame overcame her face. Ewan's breath caught in his throat, Shame was not an emotion he had ever seen her carry. He wished to god he could tear open the old lord's throat. The horse stopped wary… the guard all but pushed Muirne off the horse. A familiar feeling of bitter hatred filled him; the man could not have the decency to properly allow his wife to reach the ground. \"Look here\" He called walking towards the guard who's hand was now securely on his weapon \"get out of here, your lords privileges are now over, leave us to peace!\" Ewan nearly shouted. The guard almost unaffected turned quietly to go. When he was out of sight Ewan faced Muirne. They both stood silent unaware of what next move should be made. She would hardly look at him, and he instantly felt as if he had been hit in the stomach. The shame she felt was killing him, never once had he ever wanted her to feel shame. He loathed it. He walked towards her, as he tried to put his arms around her she stopped him. \"Love?\" He asked she said nothing not looking at him \"look at me love.\" He whispered she slumped further. \"You should not call me that. I am no love of yours.\" She said it so quietly he almost did not hear, \"you'll not want me now. I am a ruined women. You should cast me off, never speak of me again\" she said her voice laced with shame and tears. He would stand no more of this, He gathered her in his arms and held her even as she fought \"Let me go Ewan!\" she cried not bothering to really fight him off. Her tears flowed freely now, it broke his heart to see her this way. \"Calm yourself love…no one is casting you off. You are not a ruined women. I love you still! No matter what happens I will always love you!\" \"Oh god!\" She cried sobs wracking her body as he held her tightly against him \"forgive me for my sins and unfaithfulness, I am not worthy of your love\" she said he shook his head. \"You are speaking lies my darling. Speak no more of this. Calm yourself. Allow yourself to breathe.\" He hushed and tried to calm her. \"Oh god\" She cried again as he led her to their new home. Setting her down on what was to be their bed. He allowed her to cry for a good while. \"Forgive me\" she said over and over. Her broken spirit was more then he could bear. \"There is nothing to forgive love… rest now… rest yourself. All is well my brave girl… all is well.\" She fell exhausted onto their bed and he covered her with the blanket lighting a fire and watched her as she slept. He had almost broken her He thought his anger and horror growing. His Muirne, his innocent darling wife ashamed to have him touch her. When she had forgiven him every stupid childish action he had done. They had waited so long to be together. Now it seemed, they would have to wait a while longer. The room grew warm and as the sun sank below the horizon Muirne opened her eyes. Ewan went to her side carefully, holding a bowel of broth. Muirne looked at him, an unreadable expression on her face. \"Are you hungry?\" he asked eager to break their silence. She reached out to touch him, gently running a finger along the scar on his cheek their secret sign. She was wordlessly asking for his forgiveness. He set the bowel down and stood up, lying down next to her gently and gathering her in his arms. He faced her and looked her in the eyes. \"Only you my love\" he repeated back to her the words she had said the night before. Tears flooded her eyes and one perfect smile crossed her face. He felt her body relax around him, she finally felt relieved of her guilt. \"I love you\" she said barely louder than a whisper and he pressed his lips to hers, they had only kissed twice. Both quickly and chastely but this kiss was different. In this kiss they poured their hopes, dreams, fears and defeat into each other. She tried to help him feel her brokenness and he wanted her to feel his forgiveness and finally the only emotion connecting them both was longing. Longing for their world to be different, longing for mistakes and horrible moments to be forgotten, and longing to be in the other's arms connected as they had waited so long for. They both sensed it. The moment they both needed. She moved her hands to his waist un-tucking his shirt. They both stood up slowly he slowly unclasped her wedding dress. Letting it fall over her bare shoulders and onto the ground. The warm room made her skin flush and he thought as he looked at her, that he had never seen a more beautiful sight. She pulled his shirt over his head, letting it fall beside her. He watched as her eyes followed the length of his chest noting another scar she had once tended too when he came home. She touched them with delicate traces and smiled. \"I thought when I looked upon you\" she started focusing still on his chest, not looking him in the eyes \"That I had never seen a man before I tended to you, and I did not wish to see another after you\" She had not said anything like that before to him. It would not have been proper. He smiled kissing the top of her head. \"When I woke to find you tending me, I could think of no person I wanted more…\" A soft rain started falling outside, A crack of lighting followed soon after. She looked out the window of their cottage… theirs… she liked to think of it as theirs, together. \"Come to bed my love\" he coaxed. She looked at him and walked closer, allowing him to lift her onto the bed. He was gentle…so gentle as he touched her. This she thought, is what it should be. This is how it should feel. She pushed all thoughts out of her mind and tried to focus only on him. The pain was not great. It was easily worth the connection they had finally reached with one another. He pressed his forehead to hers and kissed her long and deeply. She tried to bring him closer, wrapping her arms around his neck and pulling him close. They listened to the rain as it pounded outside, the flashes of lightning illuminating their small world. They held tightly to one another and weathered the storm together. As morning broke over the village she awoke in his arms, it was just how she had imagined, \"Sleep\" he whispered quietly tightening his embrace around her. She reached up and traced his scar with her hand stopping to trace over his lips. He smiled, took her hand and kissed it. She knew at that moment that god willing everything would be right with them. They would live long happy lives together. ","Summary":" The lights shined dimly on the village as they celebrated the marriage between two of their young t"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Wherever the Heart May Sway","Author":"The Bonnie Bard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9102674","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note: Not sure how many people frequent the Braveheart section, but I decided to resurrect one of my favourite (and typically unfinished) fan-fictions. And also, I FORGOT THE EMAIL to my old account THE BARRACKING BARD , so I am now called THE BONNIE BARD . Trust me, I tried every email I can remember to access my old account but it's been impossible. Anyway, moving on. I know I probably won't get as many reviews this time round, but this fan-fiction holds a lot of potential. I'm proof-reading each chapter and there is a lot of work to be done i.e. dialogue and sentence structure. I hope you enjoy the updated chapters, and stay tuned for more to come. Please review! WHEREVER THE HEART MAY SWAY This story is rated T for obscene language, mild gore and suggestive themes. Disclaimer: Anything you recognise does not belong to me, except my own characters. \" For our light and momentary troubles are achieving for us an eternal glory that far outweighs them all. So we fix our eyes not on what is seen, but on what is unseen. For what is seen is temporary, but what is unseen is eternal \"- 2 Corinthians 4:17-18 Stolen Kisses. A slender hand twisted itself in the hair of the man sleeping. Slowly, it winnowed itself between the dark strands, brushing them away from the man's dreaming face. He stirred slightly, and slowly his eyes opened, facing the woman who lay next to him. A smile creased the line cornering his lips, and the woman returned it deeply. Dry skin chapped his lips from many days spent in the fields – but that was just how she liked them. \"I didn't mean to wake you,\" she whispered, pausing in the combing of his hair. \"I wasn't asleep.\" He prised her hand from his hair and cupped it in his own, kissing the thin skin of her wrists; keeping such a delicate thing within his grasp was a treasure to him. \"Your hands are freezing, woman.\" The woman grinned. \"Then I bid thee good sir, to warm them up.\" Stephen didn't need to be asked twice. He reached for her other hand, and pressed them against the warmth of his chest, which was dusted with dark hair. The woman sighed with pleasure and snuggled closer, engrossing herself in his heat. \"Ah, I love being married,\" she said quietly. \"It's great to find that one person you want to annoy for the rest of your life.\" Stephen sat up, a smile tugging at his mouth. This was why he loved Meghan; the woman came out with the most random things. She had a talent for mixing humour with brutal honesty, that Stephen found both hilarious and endearing. She wasn't easily offended, and each day was a hearty battle of wits and banter. \"Damn it, woman. No wonder I drink.\" \" Too much,\" Meghan replied, poking him accusingly in the ribs. \"I had to drag your sorry arse from Connor's last week and change you for bed, like a child. You wouldn't let me, so I left you to it.\" \"Then what happened?\" Stephen was grinning now, as Meghan's face swelled with mock rage. \"Fell asleep you did! Bottom in the air, face down on the bed like a three-legged donkey. Your snores kept Logan and I up all night, let alone the village.\" She sighed exasperatedly, and there was a moment's silence where they both simply looked at each-other, their faces taut from threatening laughter. It exploded a second later and they hastily stifled their sniggers, lest they disturbed the dreaming child across the room. They both wriggled around like children as they clamped each other's hands over their mouths to stem the laughter. \"You'll wake him,\" hissed Meghan playfully. She propped herself up on her pillow and studied Stephen. He faced her, while lying on his side. She could see his nipples folded up against one another, poking up from the folds of the threadbare sheets of the bed ... everything about him was perfect. She loved him: from every scar drawn into his skin, to every line dimpling his dopey smile. Her thoughts must have shown on her face, for Stephen was watching her intently with his bright-blue eyes. Look away you silly man, she thought, don't make me push you off this bed … Stephen smiled affectionately at the embarrassment burning on his wife's face. A flush was glowing on her cheeks, clashing with her long, auburn hair. He reached out and cupped Meghan's thin, bony hands. With the other he traced the angle of her small cheek with a calloused finger and slowly brought her face to his. He felt her press her lips to his own, lingering momentarily on his bottom lip, nibbling it gently. Stephen slid his hand around her waist and pulled her to him, pleasantly surprised when she did not object to the rough handling. She met his gaze with one of similar need, the corner of her full lips crooking into a smile of encouragement as well as anticipation. The heat of their skin between them created a delicious friction and finally Stephen could bear it no more and captured her mouth in a kiss of intense passion. Her lips opened beneath him as he began exploring her mouth, enjoying it more when her hands wrapped around his neck and pulled him closer to her. Her soft body moulded perfectly to his own as he plundered her, his tongue duelling lustily with her own. For her seemingly delicate disposition, she matched him with each thrust and parry of this sensuous combat, until a kiss had so much power over him he could barely breathe. He allowed his hands to ind the shape of her breast and began kneading. A small sound escaped her and he knew it was not pain. The soft, round flesh of her breast beneath his fingers made him growl under his breath, as he began to gently envelope her body with showers of kisses. Meghan's breaths came in short pleasurable gasps - \"NOOO! NOT MY CHILD! NO! HAVE MERCY! HAVE MERCY! PLEASE! \" A high-pitched scream ripped through the air with the force of an axe hitting stone. Stephan and Meghan jerked in surprise, banging their heads together within their tight embrace. Meghan turned a wild-eyed face to Stephen. \"What …?\" Before Stephen could stop her, she sprang from the bed and raced across the room in quivering steps. She gave a wail of despair. \"Logan! He's not here!\" He bolted over; she was right. With a sinking feeling, he saw the dreaded sight of an empty cot and undisturbed sheets. Meghan had sank to her knees, her trembling hands covering her ashen face. \"He's – did you see him – I -\" She struggled to speak, peeking one eye through her fingers up at Stephen whose face was mask-like. Logan was an adventurous boy but his son had enough sense to come home before dark. Either he was was lost, or something worse had happened. Before he could say something to comfort Meghan, there was another shrill scream and the ground began to shake with the pummel of hooves – confirming his worst fears. \"Stay here and hide,\" Stephen ordered, attempting to keep his voice steady. \"I'm going to look for him.\" \"It's the English,\" Meghan gasped, tears now splashing down her face. \"He's out there, all alone! Why – why – my child – my boy!\" She began to sob in earnest, rocking herself back and forth on her feet. \"Meghan, please ... don't panic! I'll find him! \" Stephan begged, as he observed his wife's distressed state with mounting concern. \"I'm – I'm going to look, now please – please just stay hidden.\" The world had become a place of nightmares – strange, blood-thirsty monsters brandishing swords and crying like savages into the night. Every turn you take, Death coaxed you with His icy fingers, like a game of cat and mouse – it was no place for a child. Giving his wife a consoling pat, he reached for his broadsword beside a table. He felt a sudden rush of determination. More screams of terror began to fill the air, and without a parting glance, Stephen slipped through the wooden door, leaving Meghan in a crumpled heap on the floor. ","Summary":" Author's Note: Not sure how many people frequent the Braveheart section, but I decided to resurrect"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Lion and his Lamb","Author":"draconicBastard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6577133","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Oneshot: Lion and his Lamb Warnings: Homophobes, go away! Homosexual content, though no sexual content, just implication…slightly…maybe. This isn't the typical story for Braveheart, just so you know. Now, on with the show! Enjoy :) … … Below was the ground. Of course, what else would there be but the ground. Edward let loose a small tidbit of a laugh, despite the situation he was currently in. Oh how he wished for Phillip in this moment. Phillip always knew how to change everything to make it okay again. Phillip was always the stronger one of them. Always guiding Edward and advising him. Edward was lost without him. … \"Ed?\" Phillip called from across the room. \"Yes?\" He answered, glancing back at his lover. Phillip lay, quite comfortably, in Edward's large four-poster bed. His hand was draped along the side curtain as he strained his neck up to see Edward by the window. \"Come back to bed, lamb,\" Phillip whispered quietly, \"There's so little time before…\" \"Yes, I know, Phil,\" Edward sighed. He walked slowly back to the bed and sat beside his dear love. He let his fingers play with the tassels on the curtain. \"What's wrong?\" Phillip asked, seeing Edward's discomfort. \"What will we do? Surely father won't let you around the castle forever…\" Edward said, letting his frustrations show. Phillip's face contorted into one of concern and pain. He leaned up and pressed his naked body against Edward's and wrapped his arms around Edward's waist. \"Perhaps I could become your advisor? Your Father would have to allow me here then,\" Phillip said wisely. Edward smiled and lovingly stroked Phillip's head. \"Yes, that's a brilliant idea, my lion.\" … It truly had been a brilliant plan. An excellent plan, his Phillip's plan. He looked again to the ground, the very same ground that still held a light stain. Why hadn't the stain been removed by now? Edward decided he didn't care. Soon enough, the affairs of the castle would no longer be his concern. Would father be angry? Perhaps he would be upset, overcome with grief that he may even regret his vile actions. A spark of hope lit up in Edward's chest. … \"Ed?\" \"Yes, my lion?\" Edward cooed to his mate. Phillip grinned and laid his head on Edward's shoulder. \"Have you spoken to him?\" Phillip asked. Edward frowned and looked away. \"Not yet, love.\" \"You must…you if really…\" \"Yes! I really do!\" Edward burst. Phillip smiled and looked up at Edward with those pale blue eyes. \"I know you do,\" He said softly. \"And you do too?\" Edward asked, slightly worried that he might not. \"Of course, why else would I spend all my time here,\" Phillip said, \"The cooks and maids here are more familiar to me than my own mother.\" Phillip grinned and held Edward closer. \"Do you really think the Holy Spirit will allow us this company for long?\" Edward asked, drawing the covers higher over his lover's back, swathing them both further into warmth. \"I like to think so. Who knows for certain what the Holy Spirit does, interacting with us lower forms,\" Phillip said. He felt Edward tensing uncomfortably underneath him. \"But…I prefer to entertain the thought that I'll always be at your side.\" Edward smiled, looking into that wonderful face perched so proudly on his chest. \"You think so truly?\" \"Truly,\" Phillip agreed. \"Then truly we'll be so,\" Edward said with a smirk, \"For my dear lion is never wrong.\" Phillip smiled and laid his head down, simply enjoying their time together. Edward enjoyed it also. His father was away on a crusade for several days, fighting that bloody William Wallace. Edward nearly had the gall to thank Wallace, for the King was always away fighting against him. Edward at least wished Wallace a long life of fighting his Father. … Edward saw no light in the sky for the stars and moon were covered by dark menacing clouds. He felt strangely connected to these morbid puffs of air, as though they both shared the same fate. The clouds would rain down their water and disappear forever. They would loose the thing they loved the most, their water, and then die. Yes, no longer was Edward, Phillip's lamb but Edward the dark rain cloud. He'd now already given up his water, and he knew in his heart what part must come next. … A spring breeze wafted by the window, cooling Edward's warm cheek. \"Ed?\" Phillip called. \"Yes?\" Edward said, looking over his shoulder at Phillip sitting on the table. \"Isabelle…she…she…\" Phillip, for the first time, was stumbling over his words, unable to find grasp in them. This worried Edward deeply. He was swiftly at Phillip's side in a heartbeat. \"What? What is it?\" Edward asked, curious as to what could make Phillip be this way. What had his ignorant wife done now to upset his Phillip? \"She…means nothing…right?\" Phillip asked, looking up at Edward's eyes. Phillip's eyes conveyed worry and fear so clearly that it shocked Edward. But his words were quite humorous in nature, so much that Edward found himself laughing. \"That woman means absolutely not a thing to me Phillip,\" Edward said between laughs, \"I've no idea why you would think that is so.\" Phillip's eyes returned to their usual confidence, if only a flicker of doubt behind them. But Edward guessed this doubt was nothing to worry of. \"I've no idea either, love. Just an errant thought.\" Phillip took their closeness to his advantage and pulled Edward onto his lap. \"It must have been,\" Edward agreed. \"You're quite the lucky one here, to not have to have such a false arrangement made.\" \"Yes,\" Phillip agreed, laughing, \"But it matters not anyway, I have my lamb. My parents even suspect not a thing, neither do they bother to care for such matters.\" \"What do they assume you spend your days doing here?\" Edward asked with a smile. \"I've not a clue, perhaps being educated?\" Phillip said. \"Most likely,\" Edward said. He brought his head close to Phillip's, resting his forehead against the other's. \"Lamb?\" \"Yes?\" \"I do love you, you know.\" \"Yes, I know. And I you.\" \"Truly?\" \"Most definitely.\" … The air passed his cheeks so quickly, it felt like he had become a bird. But it was only for a moment, just a single second in time. But that single moment seemed like several…or perhaps even more. Such anticipation built in that moment. When Edward's cold cheek finally felt the cold wetness of the ground, he seemed to have gathered many years. All that time, just waiting to be with Phillip again. He flew to his dear lion, just as he'd flown away from Edward. 'Phillip, here I am…please…come…' Edward thought, before an unstoppable darkness overtook his mind. He never once felt the pain, he was too overcome with the joy of finally being somewhat free from the pains and burdens of life. He was finally going to be with Phillip again…his lion…he would come for Edward…yes…he would. … Isabelle did not cry for her husband. Not a single tear. The damn man had done it himself. He'd never loved her or touched her, so why would she ever be upset, nay, moved in the least bit by his demise. She wasn't…she was simply free from his moping. That was all she felt in that moment after hearing the news. The one who told her seemed not to feel a thing either. … On the day the King of England discovered his son's death, he spit upon his body. The boy never would have made a proper king, and the girl, Isabelle, was weighted with his child anyway. The idiotic man was finally out of Longshanks' hands. No longer his responsibility, and no longer did he have to worry of the womanly Edward seizing control of England and driving it into the ground. England was safe. On the day the Prince of Wales, Edward, died, Longshanks felt nothing, not a single feeling of remorse nor sadness. … … … … A/N I'm sorry! I changed the movie! I know, I hate myself for this. But I was watching Braveheart today and saw the part with Edward and Philip and just had to do something about it. I hate how the king just threw him out the window! It was so uncalled for! Also, I looked and there're not many fanfics (rather, not any at all!) for Edward/Philip. More reason to right this! There story is so tragic! I know they did much worse things back then and there are much more tragic and beautiful stories out there…but I felt this one was neglected. So right more of them please! Or not. ","Summary":" Oneshot: Lion and his Lamb Warnings: Homophobes, go away! Homosexual content, though no sexual cont"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Im Un-lovable","Author":"Flapjack2001","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9608615","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Amy walked along the gravel path in the park, she shivered, she got to the end of the path but decided not to leave, she looked past an oak tree and spotted a man, sitting alon on a bench, she walked over and sat beside him, \"Hello, sir...\" she said kindly, the man just pulled his hood farther across his head, \"Sir...if you dont me asking...where might you be staying tonight?\" She quereid \"Right here...\" he murmerd \"Oh...im sorry..\" she appologized, she pulled out her purse and took a £20 note from inside and held it up to him, \"here\" she said \"Put it away, i dont want your money\" he reluctantly replied \"Sir...how did u get like this and please look at me when your talking.\" He pulled down his hood, revealing a face, terrifying, ugly, burnt. \"THIS IS HOW!\" He shouted at her , staring at her closley with deep brown eyes. \"Aaaahh...\" she screamed covering her face, \"p-please d-dont hurt m-me\" she shuddered A tear ran down his face, \"you see my family left me after my terrible accident, who could love a man like me, im...un-lovable\" \"I would love you no matter how you looked, you have a sweet personality and thats all that matters to me\" she smiled, she layed her hand on his, he smiled back \"Would you like to come to dinner with me and at my house?\" SHe asked Thank you maa'am\" he smiled back ","Summary":" Amy walked along the gravel path in the park, she shivered, she got to the end of the path but deci"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Braveheart: Epilogue William Wallace's POV","Author":"RisingSun0000","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12227343","Passage":"[Chapter 1] As the axe came down, and the thistle dropped from his left hand, suddenly, William found himself standing, no longer lying on the table. He realized he was whole, hale, and intact again. His attention returned to the table, seeing a familiar corpse there. He shook his head sadly, but was proud of himself. He'd done it. He had remained faithful to his beloved Scotland to the end. He noticed the silent crowd gathered about, still in awe at the most courageous execution they'd ever seen. He glanced at Hamish and Stephen gazing tearfully at his corpse on the table, but saw that they were at least in awe and proud of him as well as grieving. That he had succeeded, and set the example. That the fight would continue. \"Aye, my friends,\" he said softly, knowing he couldn't be seen or heard. \"Tis well now.\" An arm embraced his waist from the side. Curious, he glanced to his right, and saw none other than his beloved Murron there with him, her beautiful smile. He immediately took her in a full embrace. \"Murron!\" \"Aye,\" she replied. \"Welcome, William.\" \"We're together again!\" he said, elated. \"Aye, we are,\" she replied. \"And there are some others who await to meet you,\" she added. \"William,\" some familiar voices said from behind him. William turned, and to his delight, recognized his father, and his brother, from his boyhood, who were hanged by the English! Now there they were before him, healthy again, along with Hamish's father, Campbell. \"Hello, lad,\" his father and Campbell said. \"Hello, William,\" his brother greeted. \"We're proud of you,\" they said. \"Because of your example, the Scots will continue the fight. Well done, lad.\" Wallace beamed. Then he asked, \"What now?\" Murron gestured, and there was a warm light ahead of them, beckoning. Wallace understood then. He nodded. \"Ready if you all are,\" he said. \"Aye,\" they replied, and all headed toward, and into the light. ","Summary":" As the axe came down, and the thistle dropped from his left hand, suddenly, William found himself s"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"The King's Heart","Author":"Spotsylvania","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10795669","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The King's Heart As William Wallace was led through the streets of London to be executed for leading the Scottish rebellion against English occupation, King Edward I lay dying of dysentery. On his deathbed, he had disavowed his son for his perceived weakness in ruling during his absence waging war in France. He had decided to name his brother Theodore, the Earl of Leicester, as his successor. Theodore had contributed a great many soldiers to the English army and collected the taxes required of him by Edward. The King was pleased with his brother's professed hatred of the Scots and felt his resolve would be enough to force Scotland into submission, completing the work the dying King had left unfinished. As Wallace's execution got underway not far from the royal palace at Westminster, the King known as Longshanks passed away. Edward II, the royally deposed son, and his uncle were at his bedside. \"Go with God, my brother. You are now in his kingdom,\" Theodore closed his brother's eyes gently. He reluctantly focused his attention on the Archbishop of Canterbury, who would now crown him King. The coronation was relatively quick as he was crowned King Theodore I of England. William Wallace had stubbornly refused to swear fealty at the demand of his executioner and had paid dearly for it. He had been cruelly hung from a post while still alive, gurgling as he was choked by the rope around his neck. The Scottish hero was finally lowered to the ground after what seemed like an eternity. The executioner stood over him, \"This can all end right now. Just kneel and kiss the emblem on my cloak, and you shall feel no more.\" Wallace slowly got to his feet, once again defying English authority. \"Rack him!\" the crowd roared as the executioner set the Scotsman up for another round of torture. The cheering fell silent as everyone in the crowd noticed a figure standing at the edge of the square, surrounded by soldiers. King Theodore stood near the crowd as the people began to realize that Edward had died and that a new ruler had been crowned. The new monarch slowly walked through the square as the people began to kneel as a sign of fealty. Theodore continued his walk until he stood directly in front of William Wallace. \"Your Highness, this murderer is going to be dispatched in a most horrible way for defying your authority. He will be drawn and quartered!\" the executioner played to the crowd for the King. People began cheering \"Death to Wallace!\" until the monarch raised his hand to quiet them. They all waited in anticipation of what the King might say. \"Are we not better than this? We call the Scots savages, yet we are cheering for the death of someone in the most brutal way possible. What will this accomplish? Do you all expect the Scottish to suddenly become obedient to the will of England because we have slaughtered their most revered hero? They will only keep on fighting us with more intensity and repay us for executing Wallace. No, the way to do this is to keep him alive and make him suffer as much as possible for the rest of his forsaken life. That way, the Scots will see their hero as a broken shell of a man, and their morale will be destroyed!\" King Theodore shocked everyone in attendance. \"Your Highness, are you saying that the prisoner's life should be spared, even after all he's done against England?\" the surprised executioner inquired. Theodore hit him with such a blow to the chin that he fell on his posterior. \"You dare question my authority?!\" the enraged King stood over him. He turned back to the crowd, \"Just think, Wallace will be tortured every day from here on out. Does that not accomplish our goal?\" The people seemed to like the idea of a slow and painful ordeal for Wallace. Shouts of \"Long live King Theodore!\" went up and the crowd celebrated the welcome news. He nodded to his guard of soldiers, who dragged Wallace back to his prison cell. The news quickly spread of the King's change of sentence for William Wallace, and most were pleased that he would be put through everlasting torture. Theodore I sat on his throne as one of his courtiers came up to him, \"My King, they are ready to do as you requested.\" \"Good, proceed at once,\" the monarch ordered. The doors to the massive throne room were opened and a group of soldiers roughly brought in William Wallace. They threw the bound man to the floor and at the feet of the King. Theodore turned to the soldiers and his courtiers, \"Leave this room. I will deal with Wallace.\" They did as they were told. The door shut and Scotland's fallen hero was left to face the King of England. \"Get to your feet,\" the seated King Theodore said gruffly. A very weak William Wallace stood up in defiance of his enemy, \"I will not swear fealty to you. Scotland will be free of the English menace eventually. Nothing you can do will stop this.\" The King produced a knife from his robe pocket. Wallace braced for the killing blow, but instead was surprised to see Theodore cut his bonds. He walked over to the stained glass window near his throne, \"You are a worthy adversary, Wallace. You sacrificed everything for the freedom of your people, fruitless as the attempt was. I respect a man who does that. The Scottish people yearn for their freedom, and I am the only one who can grant it…\" The Scot was shocked to hear these words from the King, \"Is that why you spared me? Because you want to grant my country its rightful independence?\" \"There's no sense in continuing this brutal war. The only thing it will accomplish is more lives lost and endless suffering. It is time for the two peoples to be allies and not enemies. I will allow Scotland to become free once again, but you have to give me something, or should I say someone, in return,\" King Theodore walked up to Wallace and stared at him right in the face. \"And who exactly is that?\" the former Scottish general didn't back down. \"I want your wife, Murron MacClannough…\" Theodore stated firmly. At that point, Wallace punched him and wrestled him to the ground. Screaming in rage, he hit the King repeatedly until Theodore choked him and unleashed a barrage of punches to Wallace's midsection. The thudding impacts sapped what remaining energy he had, and the monarch stood over him triumphantly. Unable to get to his feet, Wallace gritted his teeth in anger, \"My wife was murdered by one of your soldiers! I will kill you for mentioning her name!\" He tried to get up, but the King's boot kept him pinned down, \"I could easily kill you right now, Wallace, but I have bigger plans for you. Guards!\" The soldiers came back in. \"Take him back to his cell. Perhaps some time there will cool him down,\" King Theodore ordered. Wallace glared at him as the soldiers dragged him out of the throne room and back to his prison. A young woman of about 25 years was planting a few crops on a farm a few miles outside London. She lived a quiet life and subsisted on her crops and sold the surplus for a profit. She lived alone and preferred it that way. Today, she couldn't help but feel that someone was watching her. She turned around and saw her benefactor, \"Hello, Theodore. What brings you out here?\" \"Haven't you heard? I'm the King now,\" Theodore smiled at her. \"News doesn't really travel fast out here. I like it that way,\" the woman replied. \"You seem to have adapted quite well, Murron. I hope the stipend I've provided you with is sufficient so far,\" the King looked into her eyes. \"It's more than generous, and I appreciate you for doing that,\" Murron MacClannough, William Wallace's wife, thanked the monarch. \"Then I assume you haven't heard about your husband's fate then…\" \"Oh no! Please tell me you didn't execute him! I love him so much!\" \"Then it's a good thing Edward died when he did. My first act as King was to spare his life. He'll be free soon enough, and I will grant Scotland independence. However, we did make a deal several months ago,\" Theodore reminded her. \"I remember it well. I would agree to marry you if you granted Scottish independence,\" Murron sighed. \"When I mentioned you to William, he attacked me. Understandable of course, but that made telling him that you're still alive difficult.\" \"You didn't tell him yet?\" \"Do you think he'd believe me?\" the King asked her. \"No, I suppose not. So you want me to come with you back to Westminster so I can tell him myself?\" the Scot asked him. \"Yes, and I'll arrange for your things to be moved into the castle if you're ready.\" \"I guess this day had to come eventually. Okay, I'll move in, but don't get any ideas of bedding me,\" Murron allowed Theodore to take her hand and walk her back to Westminster Castle. The King and Murron entered the throne room. She was amazed at its beauty with the stained-glass window, ornately carved wooden throne, and the mosaic tiles of the floor. \"Are you sure you want to do this? Your husband will be in for quite a shock once he sees you,\" Theodore looked into her brown eyes with genuine concern. \"It's been so long since I've seen him. I need to do this,\" Murron replied in a wavering voice. King Theodore nodded to the royal guards, who went to fetch William Wallace. A few minutes later, he was brought in without restraints and surrounded by soldiers. He could hardly believe his eyes when he saw Murron alive and well. \"It can't be! She was murdered by that garrison commander back in Scotland. This is some kind of trick, but what if it's not?\" Wallace thought to himself as he and Murron locked eyes on each other for the first time in years. With a nod from the monarch, William was allowed to approach his wife, \"Murron, is that really you?\" She started to break down in tears, \"Yes, William. I'm here…\" They embraced, and all of the misery that had victimized them for so long seemed to melt in that one moment. Theodore motioned for the soldiers to leave, with only two guards to protect him. The King sat back on his throne and couldn't help but smile a little at what was going on in front of him. William finally asked Murron the fateful question, \"How did you escape the garrison? Everyone told me that your throat was slit by the commander.\" Murron hesitated, \"It was the King who saved me. Well, he wasn't King at the time, but he was in our village for a sabbatical.\" Wallace turned to face King Theodore, \"You saved her? Why?\" Theodore put his hand on his forehead, \"I always felt my brother's attempts to bring Scotland to its knees were wrong. The murders, burnings, and wanton destruction he inflicted on your people was barbaric. Of course, I could never do or say anything to oppose him, or he would have had me executed. I decided to visit your village to see if I couldn't ease the tensions there and maybe have a bit of relaxation. Once I got there, it wasn't long before I saw the garrison commander making some sort of proclamation against Murron. He was going to kill her for some made-up offense, I thought. So I made my presence known and ordered him to stop the execution. I untied Murron and took her into my care.\" William looked at Murron for confirmation, and she nodded. \"Why did you not release her outright and punish the garrison commander?\" the Scottish hero demanded. \"I did relieve him of his command and had him placed under arrest, along with the soldier who tried to rape Murron. In regard to releasing her, I felt it was too dangerous to let her go when there was armed conflict across all of Scotland between Longshanks and your countrymen. I asked her if she wanted to come with me to safety in Leicester, and she agreed as long as I sent for you to come back to her when hostilities had ceased. I tried to contact you several times, but my messengers could not get through once you had taken up the leadership of Scotland's forces,\" the King answered calmly. Wallace's steely expression softened a little, \"I am grateful that you saved Murron's life, but I should have been told about it.\" Theodore laughed, \"Would you have entertained any messages from a noble who was Edward's brother?\" The Scotsman saw the logic in what the King said, \"You have a point, but what about after Falkirk? What happened then?\" \"If you don't mind, Theodore, I'll finish the story,\" Murron interjected. The royal nodded and William's wife continued, \"Theodore offered me a residence outside of London with a stipend. He promised that you could return to me once he could arrange it, so I accepted. I lived that way for a few years until yesterday, when he came and told me that he had been crowned King and spared your life. And now we're here…\" William was so happy to be reunited with his wife, but he dared to ask one more question of Theodore I, \"I don't suppose I could convince you to release both of us…\" Much to his surprise, the King agreed, \"I will release you, Wallace. As for your wife, she was never a prisoner to begin with. However, there is an arrangement that must be made.\" William remembered what Theodore had asked of him, \"You want me to give up Murron in exchange for Scotland's freedom?\" Theodore sat up and approached the couple, \"If you agree to divorce Murron and she consents to marry me, then Scotland will have its independence. She would be the Queen of England, but I would not object to the two of you still being lovers. All I ask is that she by my wife in name only.\" \"And if I should refuse?\" Wallace stood firm. The King sighed, \"Then Scotland will not have independence. I will withdraw the troops, but there will be no formal recognition.\" \"Let me do this, William. We can still be together, and I will have all the power that comes with being Queen. Scotland can be ours again,\" Murron asked of him. Her husband did not want to accept the King's offer, but he saw he had little choice. Theodore could bring more destruction to Scotland if he chose, even if his forces were beaten back. \"I will assent to your offer, but only if you honor your word to allow Murron and I to be together and grant independence to my country,\" Wallace gave in. The King nodded slowly, \"I will do so, but only once Murron is my Queen.\" King Theodore I was able to quickly process the divorce and married Murron MacClannough within a week. She was now known as Queen Murron I. The King had formally granted Scotland independence and released William Wallace. Everyone in England was shocked at what their King had done, but had little choice to accept it due to the strong military backing Theodore had. Over the course of the next forty years, King Theodore and Queen Murron ruled England with a fair and just hand, entering into peaceful and prosperous alliances with Scotland, Ireland, and even France. William Wallace served as Robert the Bruce's able Chancellor, getting Scotland back on its feet while continuing to see Murron. This era of peace and solidarity between the English and Scottish royal families became known as a true golden era. \"And that's the story of how William Wallace, King Theodore, and Queen Murron laid the foundation for the good relations with Scotland we have today in 2014. There was a lot of trouble between the end of their reign and today, but it created that precedent,\" the man sitting on a couch with his wife explained to their young adopted daughter, barely eight years of age. The adorable girl smiled, \"That's a wonderful story, daddy. I'm happy I finally know the tale. Mommy, what about you? You haven't said anything yet...\" Her mother laughed, \"I think your father did a pretty good job of telling it. As for me, I think all three of them did something very special. Now young lady, it's time for someone to go to bed.\" \"Aww, already?\" the child cooed as her mother gently took her by the hand. The girl's father followed them into the bedroom, smiling as she tucked their daughter in for the night. Both parents kissed her good night before shutting off the light and leaving their exhausted child to get some rest. A few minutes later, while they were watching television, one of the two other people living with their little family, a man with a rugged complexion and long hair, came home from working overtime at the government offices on Downing Street. After settling in, he sat down across from the couple on a recliner and grinned, \"You told Anna the story, didn't you?\" The girl's father nodded, \"She kept asking us about it. I didn't think it would hurt to tell her. You don't mind, do you?\" \"Of course not, Theodore. As long as you didn't tell her the whole truth...\" the second man said. \"Oh William, stop it. You know very well he would never tell her that. Give my husband a little more credit than that,\" the mother rolled her eyes and laughed. Her husband gave her a small kiss on the cheek, \"Thanks for defending me. This is why I love this woman. My Murron...\" William Wallace smirked as he looked at two crowns resting on a nearby table, \"It's amazing how we can still make this work. With you two together and me with Isabella, it's just surreal...\" King Theodore and Queen Murron smiled at his remark as a door opened and William's wife, Isabella, came in and joined them, \"What did I miss?\" \"Oh nothing, just rehashing old times a bit,\" Murron shrugged as she rested her head against Theodore's shoulder. The French princess giggled as she looked over at her husband, \"I think it was a little more than that...\" The two couples enjoyed the rest of the night in each other's company as the lights of their home in Buckingham Palace shined. ","Summary":" The King's Heart As William Wallace was led through the streets of London to be executed for leadin"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Free Heart","Author":"LauRa-ReaDinG-XoX","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9275169","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Free Heart The hooves of horses matched the beating of her own heart as she pushed further away from the village as the men behind her would not let up the hungry chase. It made her push that much harder to escape the men of Longshanks. The wind brushed through her hair and against her bare thighs as the dress was pushed higher for the horse saddle. She suddenly reined in, the horse slowed from the galloped over the flat land. She hated the feeling of running away with her kilt between her legs. She circled her horse around to face the men and drew her father's sword as they continued to ride closer to her. They slowed down as they draw near, the smiles on their faces showed their seriousness of the situation. \"I like a chase.\" One of the men smirked at her as he circled around her on his horse. \"I would not mind a taste either.\" Another drew near and stepped down from his horse to move closer. She tightened her grip on the sword and pointed it at him in warning. \"Put the sword down woman, we would not want you hurting yourself.\" He reached a hand out to her and she raised the sword, bringing it down on his hand. His screams seem to echo through the lands as he fell down on his knees gripping his arm. A man's roar came from her right as he knocked her off the horse and landed on the solid ground. The men stepped from their horses and stood around her as she pushed herself from the ground, reaching for her sword. One man stepped forward and drew his sword, throwing a swing at her. She blocked it with her own weapon as another kicked the back of her knee, making her land on her hands in front of the Longshanks soldiers. Another man booted the sword out of reach, causing the woman to cast her eyes to the weapon a few meters away. \"That was very cheeky of you.\" His hand came down across her face. \"Now what to do with-\" She glanced up at the soldier, his words pausing in his throat. An arrow had gone through his neck and the sound of swords been drawn reached her ears. She looked over her shoulder and caught sight of the figures on the hill coming towards them. One of the men went to grab her and an arrow struck the soldier's body causing him to hit the ground beside her. The last soldier standing in front of her didn't cast a glance in her direction as he grabbed his horse's reins and kicked the animal into a gallop in the opposite direction. She was able to breathe in relief as she watched the orange uniform ride over the hills, but the sound of hooves behind her once again caused her to tense. She crawled forward and grabbed the handle of her father's sword and stood from the ground to face the new threat. She grabbed the front of her horse saddle to help steady herself as the four men stopped in front of her. \"Are you well?\" A man moved from his horse and took a step towards her, she lifted the sword in warning. She spotted the Scottish clothing of the men, though one couldn't be trusting in such times. \"And who may you be?\" \"William Wallace.\" She couldn't help the spark of surprise. The name was spoken throughout their land since the war between the English and Scottish. William's stories had spread through the land like wildfire. \"Ciara, and I thank you for your arrows.\" She lowered her sword at his words. \"You have a horse and a sword.\" \"Aye.\" She watched him, curious at his point. \"Go home .\" William saddled his horse, the conversation over. \"There won't be a home if Longshanks continues.\" She saw him hesitate as they turned their horses to leave. He paused in thought, a glance at the dead soldier near her feet. \"You can fight.\" \"Aye.\" \"You have a spirit in you.\" He scanned her over. \"One we could use in a fight against the English.\" He nodded his head and turned his horse around, the men with him looked ready to argue. She took that as a signal and saddled her own horse to follow the men. She caught up with them, coming in from the back next to the eldest. She kept to herself as the shock of William's agreement was finally sinking in. She was going to be a part of the Rebels of Scotland, fight alongside William Wallace and his men. They rode over a hill and headed towards a forest when a man stepped out of the trees and into view. William didn't hesitate as he rode closer to the man and nodded to him, riding further into the forest towards a camp of Scottish fighters. \"Where is the food William?\" \"You ride away looking for food, come back with a woman.\" A man stood up from the fire and took hold of William's reins. He glanced over William's shoulder and looked over Ciara. \"Leave Ciara alone.\" She was grateful that William did not refer to her as 'woman'. \"She will fight with us.\" The attention of the men turned towards her, disbelieving shined in their eyes. A body moved in front of her, blocking the eyes of the men. \"Get along men, nothing to see.\" She took note of the stocky man with red hair. \"Campbell, Ciara.\" William nodded his head in her direction, the old man's stare focused on her. \"Ciara? Who was your family lass?\" It was a topic she would rather not discuss, not with men she knew nothing about. \"O'Brien.\" She knew the name was recognized as his eyes traveled her, looking for any sign of lying. \"Neil O'Brien, who was hanged for fighting for his daughters' virtue?\" Longshanks had put out the new law that any newlywed wife had to be bedded by an Englishman on her wedding night, her older sister was one of them. Their father had fought against the soldiers and he was a warning to others. He only fought harder when they tried to have herself and younger sister. The aftermath was her two sisters' killed during the escape and her father hanged. There wasn't one day that went past that she didn't feel guilty for surviving or seeking revenge for her family. \"I'm his second daughter, and I'll fight in my family's name.\" She didn't leave any doubt in her tone. \"God bless your family.\" She knew Campbell meant it with respect. She didn't know about her faith, if there was such a man as God, how could he let the tragedy of events happen to her family. \"You'll need to prove your worth, your skill.\" Williams' finally word stopped the men from questioning her, she knew that many men would argue about her as it meant going against their traditional ways. \"My son, Hamish. You can't find me, he'll be around. That doesn't mean I agree with you fighting, Neil would roll over in his grave seeing you in blood.\" She was tempted to ask the man what he knew of her father, Neil always told her to follow her heart, this was her path. \"You may want a bath lassie.\" Her fingers brushed the mud caked on her dress along with the grass stains. \"There's a place in the forest there, Hamish will keep watch.\" The two younger adults were left alone as Campbell headed for William, they simply glanced at each other before Hamish started walking towards the forest. The silence stretched on between them and she knew sooner rather than later Hamish was going to bring up the topic, she hadn't met one man in her life that hadn't tried to persuade her choice of actions. They were weaving through the trees and the trickle of water reached her ears as they walked in the direction. Once the river came in sight, she glanced over at Hamish who was already facing the other way giving her the privacy she needed. Instead of undressing straight away, she stood watching him to make sure he kept his father's word - she trusted the man as far as she could throw him. All men had a greed, whether it was in their hands, stomach or their pockets. There was sure to be at least one, she hadn't met one man on her travels who was not tainted. Without seeing a hint of muscle moving in his body, she began to slip the simple dress off her shoulders. It was the last dress that she packed along with the shawl. The thought of washing it did enter her mind though she couldn't be sure if the material would last. Leaving her clothing on a stone, she slipped into the cold water that was mid-thigh. The level left her exposed as she started cleaning the grim off her pale skin. \"You shouldn't be here.\" Hamish finally spoke his thoughts with his back still turned. \"Let alone fighting, you are a woman.\" She rolled her eyes as he stated the obvious. \"This world isn't built for you, any man could take-\" Ciara snapped at him. \"I'm aware what men are capable of Hamish and I can take care of them myself, so don't think I'm a princess idly waiting for help.\" Marching over to her clothes, she slipped the dress back on and walked straight past him - if she looked at him, she may just punch the lad. She returned to her horse, not to leave the group, to let the simple actions of caring after the horse take over and make the emotions vanish. The notion of running her fingers through the mane and breathing out her mouth and in her nose was a technique she used regularly to calm her frustrations. Ciara was in the open plains, yet she still felt trapped by the social image of women - the weaker sex most would say. \"So it's true?\" Her attention flickered to the man beside her, his Irish accent standing out with his grin. \"A Scottish woman is among us.\" \"One that could easily put you flat on your back.\" She didn't get any response like she thought as he simply stared at her, his eyes shining with laughter. \"Always liked a challenge.\" The dark-haired man held out his hand and shook hers, noticing that he didn't lighten his hold because of her gender. \"The names Stephen, Will has me showing you to your tent.\" \"Will everyone else have a tent?\" Once again, she could see the laughter in the man's eyes and she suddenly wondered if he wasn't all there in the head. \"Only the important ones.\" \"Are you included in that?\" \"Aye, Ireland is my island. \" She decided not to get into too much detail about his logic and shifted the conversation. \"You fight alongside with William.\" \"And no doubt you will.\" She was waiting for the after comment but nothing came. \"This is it.\" They kept walking towards a reasonable size tent, one she thought would be too big for just herself. As she stepped in, there were bedrolls on the ground and a table in the centre with battement plans scattered on top. \"Where is my tent?\" She wanted to be an equal, though that didn't stop her getting nervous about close confinements with strange men. \"Right here.\" He spread his arms and flopped down on one of the bedrolls. \"It's either in here or out there.\" He pointed outside where the rest of the men slept. Ciara knew she had more of a chance getting better sleep in here than outside with the rest. Watching her finally come to a decision, Stephen nodded his head to the bedroll not far from his own. \"Over there lass.\" Before he rolled onto his stomach and fell asleep. Ciara settled into her own blankets, her mind swirling. Her eyes traced his broad back, hearing the soft snores from the body. The man across from her kept her on her toes with his odd behaviour. She didn't know whether she liked that or not, a male's intention was usually easy to understand. Maybe the Irish were rather different to the Scottish. :::: It was early morning, darkness still covered the land and she could have murdered one of the five men in the tent. The snoring was either quiet or loud and she couldn't fall asleep, for the sanity of both herself and the men she left the tent in search of food. Weaving through the sleeping men, she nodded her head to the two watchers on duty, she headed for the forest with a bow and arrows strapped to her back. Her father had taught some defence skills to his daughters' when their mother had passed. He couldn't keep an eye on all of them, so he gave them a chance to defend themselves. She could use a sword but they were heavy and required a lot of energy, a bow in contrast with its lightweight and her keen eye, she could hit a moving target miles away. It wasn't her first hunt, every family needed something on the table at night and she gathered it was the best way to prove her worth - the skill of an archer. It had taken a few more hours than excepted, it was like the forest knew there was a war upon them as it seemed as sacre as the local villages. The weight on her back was awarding as she walked into the live camp, keeping her eyes forward as she could feel their gazes on her back. She sat down around the fire that seated William and his trusted men, she almost smiled at the surprised look that gazed over Hamish's face as she laid the female deer in front of them. \"It seems we'll be eating well tonight.\" Morrison flashed her a smile. \"I can gut it.\" Hamish had found his tongue and she merely rolled her eyes. If she was going to be fighting in a war, there was going to be sights worse than deer guts. \"So can I.\" She took out her own knife from her boot and cut down the center, the action made Hamish move away from the campfire. Looking at William, he gave her a smile and a satisfied nod before following the direction of his redhead friend. \"Just like Neil.\" She continued to prepare the deer as if she hadn't heard Campbell. \"A strong personality.\" \"What do you know of my father?\" The man talked of him like fellow brothers, it irritated her because father had never once mentioned a man named Campbell. The old man checked over his shoulder before answering her. \"You were probably too young to remember; your father went off to war and I fought alongside him.\" A bond of brothers in arms. She could remember the day he had to leave, he didn't like leaving his three daughters alone, but he had a duty to Scotland. Between the three young girls, they were able to run the household, keep the water and food on the table and tend to the few animals they had on the land. On the day of his return, she could never forget the delight at seeing her father as the family down the road wasn't so lucky. \"We could use more fighters like him.\" Campbell headed to the tent, no doubt planning their next attack - she was surprised they had stayed in the area for so long. \"I wish I was like your father.\" Morrison's statement caught her off guard, no one wanted to be a dead man, then the understanding sunk in. She glanced beside her at Stephen, he hadn't said a word as he listened to the conversation. \"A sister or wife?\" \"Wife.\" Her heart ached for him. She didn't want to get married, she'd have to be dead before she was caught in an Englishman's bed. \"Did you see her again?\" The negative shake of his head made her decision. She was never getting married. \"I'm sorry.\" \"I got my revenge, and I'm fighting for our freedom.\" Ciara admired the man, the want to keep living still flicking in him. \"We all are.\" Her gaze slid to Stephen as the quiet words slipped from his mouth. That was one thing any Irish or Scottish could agree on, their reason for fighting. \"Hand it over lass, I'll finish it.\" Without complaint, she handed the blade to Morrison as he muttered about making a stew for them. It was later in the afternoon that it finally happened, no man had come close enough to do anything or challenge her but she had heard the talk behind her back. It was Hamish that came at her, holding the tip of his sword at her in a challenge. William was standing with the rest of the men though his stance was lax, he was merely there to inspect her fighting skills and see whether the lass could hold her own against someone stronger built than herself. With a steady breath to relax the muscles in her shoulders, she pulled her father's sword from her hip and spun it around, letting the weight flex her wrist to prepare for an attack. Hamish didn't wait for a simple invitation and he struck the sword in her direction. She wasn't dense enough to think her strength could take one of his hits and moved out of the way, letting his body feel the impact of the missed target. A second time he came up and swung the sword, the first strike had slowed the second and she made the choice to let her sword clash against his, the force of their bodies making their feet almost shift. Ciara couldn't hold the stance for long so she withdraws, sliding her sword around as she was facing his back and kicked the joint of his knee making his own stance jiggle. She didn't give him the chance to completely catch his balance and stuck her sword at the edge of his neck from behind. She was careful not to pierce his skin, if it was anyone else, like an Englishman, she probably wouldn't have hesitated. \"Impressive.\" William placed his hand on the blade, pushing it away from his friend's throat as Hamish got up from his knees, the man's facial expression showed his dislike. \"Will you be up to fighting with us at Stirling?\" She nodded her head in answer. \"Stephen, find the woman some clothes.\" He gave the man in question a warning glance before making his way back to their fire with a sorrowful Hamish. With a quick nod from Stephen, she followed his lead to the tent. \"You held your ground with a man Hamish's size, most men would have trouble with that.\" He pulled out a kilt and a grey shirt handing it to her. \"Dress like us and soon we'll have you acting like us.\" Stephens's eyes run up her body before meeting her eyes. \"What else did ya father teach ya?\" \"I work better with a bow.\" The crazy smile was back on his face when she glanced up from the clothes, she couldn't help but smile back. \"I'll be outside the tent.\" She nodded her head and waited for the fabric to flap back in place before slipping off the ruined dress and trying to tighten her new clothes to her slender figure. She could just imagine her mother rolling in her grave at the sight of her. Everyone had to make sacrifices for something better, if trading in her full-length dress for men's wear and using a sword instead of a needle than she would in the name of freedom. Once ready, she walked out the tent and watched the facial expression on Stephen's face, it was almost comical. Instead of saying anything, he stepped forward and fixed up the kilt, making it tighter around her form before giving her one more glance over with a nod. \"Now let's find you some arrows for tomorrow's battle.\" With a light hand on the middle of her back, he guided her through the camp. :::: Her heart was beating heavily in her chest as they stood on the battlefield with the English opposite them, She would be lying if she didn't admit that the sight scared her shitless. Anything could happen on the battlefield, it could be her last breath. It was only an hour ago that they were getting ready for battle, Stephen was applying the blue substance on her face and helping her arrange her bow, arrows, and sword in a way she could quickly use them. She would have to use her sword more as it was close fighting, not distance. She tried to remember Stephen's words as William rode out to the middle. ' Fight like ya did with Hamish and keep your backside close to us' . She repeated the words, the reassurance that they would be close by, but she knew situations could turn differently with a flick of a blade. She rubbed her fingers together a William came riding back, unsaddling the horse before taking his spot beside Hamish. She could hear the mumbling of their fellow Scots men, their own second-guessing for such a fight and the reason for having to shed their blood today. Her thoughts were snapped away from the men as William stepped forward. \"And if this is your army, why does it go?\" \"We didn't come here to fight for them!\" She could hear other men agree with the outspoken one. \"Home! The English are too many!\" Another one joining in with the doubt. \"Sons of Scotland! I am William Wallace.\" The name stirred up mutters through the army as William continued to give them a reason, his voice reaching every one of them. \"William Wallace is seven feet tall!\" That brought a smile to her lips, even Hamish had an edge curving at the side of his lips. \" Yes, I've heard. Kills men by the hundreds. And if he were here, he'd consume the English with fireballs from his eyes, and bolts of lightning from his arse.\" Laughter sounded through the crowd. She admired William, he seems to make light, friendly humor to take their thoughts away from the problem at hand before striking with his reasons. \"I am William Wallace! And I see a whole army of my countrymen, here in defiance of tyranny. You've come to fight as free men... and free men you are. What will you do with that freedom? Will you fight?\" \"Fight? Against that? No! We will run. And we will live.\" \"Aye, fight and you may die. Run, and you'll live... at least a while. And dying in your beds, many years from now, would you be willin' to trade all the days, from this day to that, for one chance, just one chance, to come back here and tell our enemies that they may take our lives, but they'll never take... our freedom !\" Cheers run through them as William's words strike through their bodies. Ciara's own nerves settling down and focused to make the English see that they weren't going to let them take their families, lives, and freedom away. \"Scotland forever!\" \"Scotland forever! Scotland forever! Scotland forever!\" She screamed at the top of her lungs with the rest of the army before it died down, waiting for the English to make their first move. \"Ireland forever.\" She managed to hear Stephens voice before the English archers came out and fired at them. As quickly as they could every Scot picked up their wooden shields before yelling back at the English men and baring their arses, with no one to look she joined in with the lads. As they righted themselves, the English sent the horsemen, their long wooden spears pointing directly at them as the Scots waited for William's signal. With the quick speed at Williams's word, they picked up their own carved spears at the last moment and the English dived into them breaking their strong force and the fighting began. More English were sent and they run to meet them in the middle, having their swords ready. She tried to stay close to either of the men as the war grew thick, she got lost in the bodies and blood - her sword leashing into anyone that was English. She could feel the blood sleek on her skin and the heavy breaths as she kept her strength to stay away from the pointed swords. She tried not to look at their faces, the surprise in their eyes from her gender or their death. She knew there were a few scratches from not moving quickly enough, though she didn't feel the extent of her wounds as she forced on her sword making its way through a neck or stomach. In the sea of bodies, there was suddenly a heavy weight upon her, pushing her forward onto the ground and landing awkwardly on her back. She didn't get to see what the man looked like as her eyes stayed focused on the sword coming down on her, her right hand reached out for the handle of her sword. Her fingers came in contact with grass, her fingers gripped the threads as she knew the inevitable would come. Suddenly, Morrison stood in her spot, his sword driving through the man's stomach. The victim's eyes widening with surprise and she knew that could have been her a few moments ago. Her ears seemed to ring with noise as she looked around the battlefield, there were no English men standing, only Scots. She tried to concentrate on her breathing as the taste of copper filled her mouth. \"Ciara!\" She glanced up at Stephen's crazed eyes, Morrison standing close behind him. \"You alright love?\" Her throat felt tight, so she nodded her head, the answer making the men ease up. \"Let's get you on a horse and back to camp.\" When she didn't move, Stephen put an arm around her waist pulled her into him, Morrison already had a horse standing ready. \"She alright?\" William's voice came through the haze but she didn't dare look up. \"Just a shocked I'd say.\" Was Morrison's reply as he steadied the horse, she was placed up front and Stephen saddled behind her. \"You want me to stay or go?\" \"Just have to talk to the Nobles, you're needed at camp.\" William's voice sounded as fierce as it did at the start of the battle. \"We'll join you in a moment.\" Morrison and Campbell saddled their horses, kicking them into gear to catch up with Stephen ahead of them. Ciara wasn't quite sure how she got there; the tent was lit in the darkness. The slight movement to her right made her sit up from the bedroll as Stephen entered the tent giving her a smile, holding the bowl of water and cloth. \"You're looking healthier.\" She winced at the words, she didn't want to be seen as the weak link. \"What happened?\" She looked down at her state, her clothes were covered in dried blood and her weapons had been removed. \"You...became unconscious.\" In other words, she had fainted. She could foggily remember Stephen's voice, Morrison with them as she trembled. \"You have a few scratches, there is one minor wound.\" He nodded to her leg and she pulled the kilt back to see the wrapped cloth she had missed. \"What about William?\" \"His fine, same as the rest of the men.\" \"That's not what I meant?\" She half excepted the four of them to be in the tent telling her to pack her belongings and head for the nearest village. \"No one thinks badly of you.\" Stephen ringed the cloth out. \"May I?\" She nodded her head and watched as he started to unravel the cloth around her thigh, she winced at the angry cut. \"It will have to be cauterized. Morrison!\" The dark-haired man entered at the sound of his name, a metal rod already in his hand as he approached her. \"You're going to want this.\" Morrison handed her the clean cloth as Stephen stood to go outside. \"Where do you think you're going?\" Her voice stopped both men in their tracks, her eyes trained on the Irish man. \"Get over here.\" She nodded her head beside her as she leaned up on her elbows. With some hesitation and a stared look between the men, Stephen moved behind her and she tried to relax against him to keep her mind off the coming event. Taking the cloth from Morrison, she stuck it between her lips and bit hard. Morrison heated the metal, red-hot with the fire in the center of the room before turning in her direction. Stephen's hands came to rest on her shoulders to hold her down and she closed her eyes. She couldn't explain the pain that burned through her as the metal melted her skin together. \"Fucking hell!\" Were the first words leaving her mouth as Stephen pulled the cloth from it. \"Couldn't we have gone with a thread and needle?\" Neither men answered her but she knew the reason, with their movements the threads would break and a larger chance of infection. With her thoughts racing Ciara didn't notice Morrison leave until the cool cloth was pressed against her skin by Stephen. With the blood been wiped away, she could already feel the purity of her skin, like it was washing away the last few hours from her mind. The light kiss on the side of her clean neck made a shuttered breath escape her throat, his lips close to her ear. \"Would a beautiful woman ever think about coming to almighty Ireland?\" The question brought a smile to her lips and she moved her head sideways to rest her forehead against him, a welcomed daze filling her body. Revised: 25/02/2018 ","Summary":" Free Heart The hooves of horses matched the beating of her own heart as she pushed further away fro"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"A Gift of Thistle","Author":"Rosaria Marie","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/13058544","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Gift of Thistle Mirron, come back…come back to me, before the lights behind my eyes are put out. You stood at the graveside with me before, in the years of my youth, and have kept your post there, always at the edge, always there to catch me when I fell, there to remind me what I was living for, with you gift of thistle, the harsh beauty ripped from the heart of our land. Stand with me now as this heart is ripped from me. I must be brave now, must be brave to the end of my heart's beating, for everything that made us free. Mirron, I remember the day I returned home from my many journeys, and there was great play among the men, rowdy and rough, and you were there, your eyes merry, and your laugh light as the fae. Never had I seen my land so very alive as on that day, and I knew how good it was to be home. You were real and I wanted to feel real again, after living the life of a fatherless wanderer. I knew you could make me feel real. You could bring back the smile that had forsaken me so many years before, and that no amount of travel had been able to restore. Mirron, I remember riding over the moors with you, your arms around my waist, and the thumping of the horse's hooves against the earth, and the thumping of our hearts as one…even as my own heart is about to be stilled, I will always remember the sound. It was our drum, beating for the war that was bound to come. Our journey was bound up in the land's agony, and we could not long resist the pull of her sorrows. She, like the whirlpool off the northern isles, was pulling us toward her heart. And yet I hoped the twine of a faithful maiden's hair may yet save me from such a fate. Mirron, I remember the marriage in the glen, our hands bound, the priest murmuring the words in our own tongue, and we vowed to love one another, and no other, for as long as the both of us should live. But you knew even then it would be longer; our love would know no death, but be timeless as the mist, weaving through the night, as our bodies and souls were interwoven in that night, as man and wife. And I promised I'd never let you go, that we would be lovers for all eternity. Little did I know how close eternity would be… Mirron, I remember the knife…my God, my God, I remember the man who would have defiled you, but thought to murder you for fighting for your purity. They told me of the sneer on his face when he tore open your throat, and your life's blood gushed forth upon your undefiled body…that body, made from this soil, this land…all that was home to me. Sacred bleeding lady, I saw you, and saw her for the first time, and knew as I kissed your cold, netted lips that I was destined to avenge you both, one and the same. Mirron, I have fought so hard, until the blood boiled and overflowed, and the rivers courses red, and the cries of battle have worn raw my throat. I have heard the drums beating on our side, on their side, and I remembered our hearts once entwined, but I would not show the pain, though it was alive in my voice every time I screamed the cry to arms. You were here, there, everywhere. I knew you saw me, your eyes still searching for me as they told me your eyes sought me before they closed forever. You looked for rescue, when there was none to be had, and my soul has been shredded from my own failure. Mirron, I failed to save you, but I will not fail to save this, your Body in full, the Lady of the Land. They may tear me open, but they will not subjugate her, not rob from her the sovereign right to wield her will. She is you, and you are her, and I cannot stop dreaming of you, yet rarely enough have I glimpsed your face. Oh, lover of sun and shade, come to me in my darkest night and let me rest a while with you. And yet always, you tell me to be vigilant; you tell me to wake. Oh, how hard are the horns of war… Mirron, when all my dreams have crumbled like dying stars and fallen from heaven in streaks of exploding light over the sea, will you not come to me, even when whole self is emptied of me? Will you not come to me in betrayal, defeat, martyrdom? Though I will take no numbing drought, as Our Lord and Savior would let no wine kiss his lips, will not your own lips be my remedy and cure? I yearn to drink the necter of your sweetness, as the bee upon the flower, for I feel more dead than alive… Mirron, remember me now, take me to the Kingdom where you have surely been made a princess. Let me see your form moving through the throng, easing the the pain that sears through me, tearing me open with the hope of rending my soul. I will not beg for tyranny's mercy, but cry out for the freedom that lives in the very pulse of every Scottish heart. I will cling to the cloth you gave to me, until my last drop of strength is wrung from me. I will be conscious of my end, and I will be conscious of your coming. I will be conscious of all we have been, and of all that we are, and of all we shall be… A country of our own. Yes, that's what we shall have, my bonnie lass, my sweetest Mirron, sprig of thistle, warrior's stay, hope of the man who's heart you hold…and I see the future of it, living in your smile, as you come to fetch me home. ","Summary":" A Gift of Thistle Mirron, come back…come back to me, before the lights behind my eyes are put out. "},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"A Dying Hope","Author":"elijh4","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6785963","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A Dying Hope Hhhhh, was the exhale of Seamus McFlaggan as he lay on the ground surrounded by his fallen brothers. Seamus was a Scottish warrior of the clan McCullen, he had been a farmer on a small piece of land on the Highlands of Scotland. Seamus had participated that day in bleeding the ground red on the ground of Falkirk, where countless dead and dying lay. English and Scots alike strewn in a bloody mess covering up the ground and slowly bleeding out. Seamus lay very still as he thought back to the events before this day when he and his friends had sat around a campfire eating while drinking. \"Ay Seamus, you know what?\" asked Duncan with a devilish grin. Seamus suspected something mischievous from Duncan, but he played along. \"And what is that, Master Duncan?\" questioned Seamus. \"This cooking of ours is God awful. I can't wait to get home and taste some of your wife's cooking cause it is much better.\" He said with laugh. The others around the circle roared with laughter as they slapped their knees and threw their heads back with laughter. \"Ay, you might be right there Duncan, but I can't wait to get back to some of your mother's cooking is much better than my wife's and besides your mom likes me better than you.\" He retorted back with a smile and wink. This time the others laughed so hard that tears were rolling down their faces and they were breathing hard after their laughter died down. Their witty banter was harmless not really meant to harm just to make the night light for them because they all knew what tomorrow had in store for them. Seamus lay on his back gasping hard for each life sustaining breath and reached behind his head with his right arm to try crawling backward with what little strength he had left in his body. It was to no avail because his body was too feeble from the battle today that all his arm did was dig up some dirt which he brought before his gaze. He left the dirt cascade down twixt his fingers watching the brown and red dirt fall back to the earth. Seamus was pushing a plow through his field with his horse pulling at a steady pace as the unrelenting sun beat down against his exposed back. Sweat poured off Seamus like water and even though he was tired enough to lie down and die. He knew that if these crops didn't get planted that his family would surely starve in the coming winter when food was so scarce that you would go without eating for several days. So he would drudge on and plant this field no matter how tired he got. When he finished he walked his horse over to his makeshift stable and threw down some oats for the horse to eat. He headed back to his hovel where he could see smoking billowing out of the chimney. This was always a good sign to Seamus because it meant that his wife, Alexandrea, was making supper for him and the kids. Stopping outside of the door Seamus took a deep breath and walked in to his children running around the house playing games. Alexandrea was busily tending the fire and the vittles inside of the pot hanging over the fire. Between her cooking, she would look up and ordered the oldest child, Ewan, to hand her something or get water. Upon Seamus' entry his children stopped their playing and ran over to him with shouts of laughter and \"Dada Dada!\" Their baby name for him always brought a smile to his hard face. Alexandrea turned around and faced her husband saying \"Aren't you a sight for sore eyes. I was beginning to wonder when you would decide to come back in.\" \"Oh well you know me darling, I always love to keep you waiting. Makes your cooking taste better.\" He replied slyly. \"Is that right now? Well then you can go back outside and not get any supper at all\" she warned with a pointing of her finger at Seamus. Seamus ran over and picked her spinning her around. \"Oh put me down you crazy fool!\" she laughed as Seamus put her down with a kiss on the cheek. Then he knelt down and called his children back over to him for a hug although they ran so fast over that they knocked over their tired father. His youngest, Fiona, laughing the hardest at her and her brother knocking over their father. Seamus preceded to wrestle and tickle them until supper was ready. They ate and talked about the day's events and they were happy. Seamus smiled weakly at the memory of his family and he desperately hoped that they were safe. He worried how they would be able to plant crops this year without him there. Stark pain shot up his chest as the wound in his middle sprang back into his thoughts. He didn't look down at his stomach, but he touched it with his right hand and brought his hand back up to see it covered in his blood. He began to wonder why he was here and one word rang clear in his head: Freedom. Yes Freedom was what William Wallace had preached to us before one of our battles. To be free men and have this one chance to tell the English that they may take our land, but they will never take our freedom. Freedom that is what so many fought and died for today. I believe to die fighting for something bigger than yourself is an honorable death and one death worth having. I not only fought for my own freedom, but for my countrymen's freedom and especially for the freedom of my family. I wanted a better life for my children than the one I had grown up living in. An inch is all we have and what we do with that inch is important. I believe with all my heart that I have spent my inch valuably investing in the lives of my family and I hope they can forgive me for leaving so soon. I would have loved to see my children again to hold them in my arms, play with them, and tell them I love them. My wife, I wish I could have kissed her one more time, stared into her bright blue eyes, and tell her how much she meant to me and how much I love her. I die here in the company of my brothers, in the company of heroes of Scotland. Fighting for Freedom. Freedom. Freedom that was the last thought of Seamus McFlaggan as he breathed his last on the battleground of Falkirk. So many died for this thing called Freedom and they had done so willing because they believed in it with all their hearts. Seamus McFlaggan died with that hope, as so did many others, that what he did today would push Scotland a little closer to Freedom and a better life for their friends and families. Freedom was their dying hope. ","Summary":" A Dying Hope Hhhhh, was the exhale of Seamus McFlaggan as he lay on the ground surrounded by his fa"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Un vent de liberté","Author":"Dei102","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8027751","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Ses cheveux de feux s'éparpillaient autour de sa tête au rythme du vent, s'emmêlant encore plus qu'ils ne l'étaient déjà. Son kilt malmené lui fouettait les jambes. Même s'il était couvert de boue, il se tenait avec toute la fierté dont il était capable, se redressant de sa grande taille, sa silhouette se détachant nettement sur le haut de la montagne. Après sa mort, tout avait changé mais rien n'avait changé. Le combat s'était perpétué encore et encore, conservant le souvenir brûlant de ce qu'avait été sa vie. Durant ces quinze longue années il s'était battu, entouré des siens, des gens qui comme lui en avaient assez de la tyrannie, était-ce trop demandé de pouvoir vivre une vie paisible où un homme n'avait pas à partager sa femme le jour de ses noces? Tout ce qu'ils demandaient était simple. Ils voulaient élever leurs enfants sans avoir peur d'être tués, ils voulaient s'occuper de leur troupeau sans avoir peur de se le faire voler sans qu'ils puissent rien n'y faire, ils voulaient être libre. Même si au cours de ses combats il était entouré de milliers d'hommes, il se sentait seul. La seule personne pour qui il s'était rendu jusque-là avait rendu l'âme aux mains de ses démons rouges. La seule personne qui, même après sa mort réussissait à embraser son peuple contre l'oppression était mort aux mains de ses ennemis. Son héritage était indéniable. Il leur avait insufflé l'envie, le désir… non le besoin de se défendre. Sans lui, aucuns d'entre eux n'aurait couru vers la mort avec autant de persuasion, tous comme un seul homme balayant sur leur passage les derniers obstacles se dressant entre eux et la liberté. La liberté. En observant son défunt ami, en retournant en arrière et en revivant ce qu'il avait fait de sa vie, il avait compris ce mot. Pour lui c'en était même plus un, un mot, c'était une idée, c'était une essence, c'était le vent qui défilait entre les montages, c'était l'air pur des Highlands qui s'infiltrait dans ses poumons à chaque respiration, c'était les rires d'un enfant, c'était la vaillance d'une mère, c'était chaque battement de cœur d'un Écossais. Hamish quitta la montagne, serein et revigoré, et rejoignit ses frères sur la plaine. C'était la dernière bataille, il le sentait, il le savait. C'était tout ou rien, la liberté ou l'oppression, la vie ou la mort… Il observa les milliers d'hommes qui se trouvaient derrière lui et regarda le ciel. Un cri s'éleva de sa gorge vers les cieux : «WALLACE» Il se retourna et courut vers l'armée anglaise se tenant devant lui et, accompagné de tous, il hurla sa liberté. ","Summary":" Ses cheveux de feux s'éparpillaient autour de sa tête au rythme du vent, s'emmêlant encore plus qu'"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Why?","Author":"Emperor Napoleon","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10701693","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Why? Oh why, have my people in my beloved Scotland say no to their freedom from the English rule? I fought, bled, sweated, and died just for that. Now they consider themselves British and not Scottish. So many died, we fought the English at Stirling Bridge, Falkirk, Bannockburn, Halidon Hill, and Otterburn. It took decades, but finally we won our freedom. Then they invaded us again in the 1500s, and then in 1707 we blindly agreed to join their United Kingdom of Great Britain. Then those boys in the 45 rebelled because they wanted the Scottish king returned to the throne, and the redcoats slaughtered them on the field of Culloden. I wept that day, my tears in heaven coming down in rain on the bloody moor. Now, in 2014, 700 years after we beat them at Bannockburn, they were given the free choice in a vote to be independent. Many said yes, but most said no, and now it will never see freedom. They are unworthy of me and their other ancestors. Oh Scotland, why? ","Summary":" Why? Oh why, have my people in my beloved Scotland say no to their freedom from the English rule? I"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"A Foreshadowing","Author":"John Hancock","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7321928","Passage":"[Chapter 1] This was my first attempt at writing with accents. I was going off the accents in the movie, as I was not certain what a real Scottish accent sounded like. I wasn't sure how this fit into the canon of the movie, having not seen all of the movie having not seen the movie at the time, but I liked the idea anyway. The weed swayed in the wind, it's unsightly figure bending most ungracefully as the breeze tussled it carelessly. With a wild scream, a young boy raced toward the plant, and fiercely swung at it with his wooden sword. The weed fell before the boy's brutal assault. His friend nodded approval. \"Waell doone, Wahliam. But thu' next one ehs mine.\" \"Aye, i' migh' beh, if ya geht thaer fast enouh.\" With these words, both bolted toward the last standing weed. William reached it first, and with a victorious war cry, he struck it down. He whirled to face his approaching friend, the wind rushing wildly through his hair, his blue eyes gleaming savagely. He grinned with a somewhat fiendish air. \"Ya'll 'ave ta larn ta be quicker 'an thaht, Hamish, or I'll get thum all befar ye can.\" \"Aye, thun, I knehw.\" \"Perhaps if I gave ya a haed start next time?\" \"Why don' I simply knook ya don instead?\" Their conversation was brought to an abrupt halt by the inquisitive voice of a young girl, who was sitting on a low-hanging branch in a nearby tree. \"Are they all gone, thun?\" William turned and looked up at her. \"Aye, they're gohne; we're coomin' ta rehscewh ya nehw.\" But the girl, obviously having found her role as the captured princess to be becoming somewhat monotonous, had already jumped from her perch and mounted her illusory steed, and was impatiently waiting for her deliverers to do the same. \"Coome on, thun, huhrry, or thah'll sen' mar sohlders ta kihll us all!\" The boys quickly mounted as well, and the three sprinted across the field to come to stand before another tree, where they dismounted. Murron smiled exuberantly. \"Nohw I can knight ya!\" She ran to the base of the tree, and retrieved two necklaces, which she had earlier made, using the long strips of leather that had formerly been braided into her hair, and thistles for pendants. She approached the boys with as much of an air of royalty as a girl of her age could manage. She turned to Hamish, and placed one of the necklaces about his neck. \"Ah'll need yer sword nohw, Hamish.\" He handed her his weapon, and continued to stand and stare at her, clearly uncertain as to what to do next. After a moment, she leaned in to him, and whispered confidentially, \"Yer spossed ta kneel don.\" He nodded and knelt and she tapped his shoulder with the sword. \"I know pruhnonce ya Sir Hamish Campbell.\" She smiled, delighted with her ability to employ such a large word. Returning Hamish his sword, she then turned to William. He immediately gave to her his sword and knelt. She gently slipped the necklace over his head, and touched his shoulder with the sword. \"I know pruhnonce ya, Sir Wahliam Wallace.\" He smiled at her and stood, taking his sword, which she held out to him. She clasped her hands together elatedly. \"Nowh we can go an' figh' a bah'le. An' I get ta 'ave a sword thus time.\" She started toward the tree to obtain a weapon, but Hamish detained her by placing his hand on her arm. \"Noh, waiht, we fohrgoot soomthin'. Weh need facepaint, if we're goohna beh knights.\" William frowned, and scrunched his face skeptically. \"Nah, we don'. Weh rescuh'd Murron, an' she knighted us foor i'. Facepaint has noothin ta do wuhth i'.\" \"Wahl, I say i' doos, an' I'm goona 'ave i' wether ya do ohr noh.\" \"But, Hamish, we don need i'!\" \"I don kehre, I wohn i' anywey!\" Murron had been observing this conversation from a distance, and now decided to enter it. \"I think it's a nihce idea, Hamish. An' I have soom blue paint we can use; I can go get i'.\" William turned to her, his expression making evident his incredulity. \"But, Murron - \" \"I like i', Wahliam. Please?\" He sighed, obviously not convinced of the necessity, but after a look at the pleading face of the girl, he sullenly nodded his head. \"Al' righ' thun, go geht i'. But hurry.\" Murron smiled jubilantly, and ran to acquire to paint. Hamish smirked at William, pleased at his victory, and then stuck out his tongue. William simply shook his head. Hamish stepped nearer to him, and gave him an amiable shove. \"Ah, coome, nehw, Wahliam, i' canna be thaht bad.\" He grinned cheerfully at his morose comrade, and William could not help but to smile in return. \"I don suppose sa...\" Murron returned, paint in hand. She set it on the ground and opened it. Hamish promptly helped himself to it, and began to paint wild patterns across his face. William, still apprehensive, warily dipped the tip of his finger into the paint, then smeared it in a most uncertain manner across the side of his face. He bit his lip and looked to study Hamish's artistically painted visage. He sighed and again dipped his finger in the paint, this time attempting to recreate one of the swirls that Hamish had painted, only to be left with what looked closer in appearance to a smudge. He scowled, and shook his head. Murron noticed this display of displeasure, and rose from where she had been sitting in the grass. \"Here, Wahliam, let meh healp ya.\" Without waiting for a reply, she covered the tips of her fingers in the blue stuff, and began to paint the entire right side of his face. He fidgeted, uncertain that he desired any assistance. \"But, Murron, Hamish isn't doin' i' thus wey...\" \"Don' worry, ih'ull look fine. Hald still.\" She continued to paint; and he, resigned to his fate, took a breath and closed his eyes. Having completely covered the right side, Murron moved on to the left, of which she only painted half, leaving a strip of his face unpainted. She finished with a smile and a nod of her head, and then stood back to examine her work. \"I like i'.\" William, looking somewhat ill at ease, turned to Hamish. \"Waell, whaht duh ya think?\" Hamish pursed his lips and tilted his head to the side. This action did nothing to reassure William. \"I' looks alrigh' ta meh...\" Murron had, meanwhile, been examining Hamish's face, and had come to the conclusion that it lacked something. She dipped her finger in the paint, and before he could say otherwise, she had placed a spot squarely in the center of his forehead. He, clearly not expecting this, stood and stared. She laughed, and William joined her; Hamish grinned stupidly, then grabbed William's sword up from where it had been left lying in the grass and tossed it to William; he then picked up his own. \"Coome on, thun. Let's go figh' ah bah'le.\" ","Summary":" This was my first attempt at writing with accents. I was going off the accents in the movie, as I w"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Thoughts from the dead","Author":"x-Steven-x","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4263495","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Thoughts from the dead I see the bright green grass, whispering, speaking in the wind. The flowing rivers that bite like sharpened blades leaving the skin tingling. The beat of a butterflies wing as it is swept away on the current. But that doesn't matter now, I'm leaving. I feel snowflakes swirling landing on my face and melting like tears upon cheeks. The sun beating down, whisking away my tears. The wind ruffling my hair, carrying voices, laughter and song. But that doesn't matter now, I've turned and walked away. I hear the swish of a scythe as it hurtles into me. The crunch of bone as it shatters beyond repair.The thud of my heart as it tries to pump blood around my broken body. But that doesn't matter now, I've taken the hand that will guide me. I wonder what would have happened if had another day to live? would I have grown old, found love and had children? Would he have ever forgiven me? For the things I have done, the brutality, mercilessness and the pain. But that doesn't matter now, I've chosen a different path. I think why did I do such a thing? I had a choice and a chance, but I missed it. I could have lived a little longer if I had thought, turned back and said no. I could have loved a little more if I had resisted, stayed strong and true. But that doesn't matter now, I'm almost gone. I hope there's something out there, something bigger and better, something that will forgive. This can't be the end it came to soon I wasn't ready. I will live another life , love another person and die another day. But that doesn't matter now, for the shadow is nigh. ","Summary":" Thoughts from the dead I see the bright green grass, whispering, speaking in the wind. The flowing "},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Oh, My Omega","Author":"H i p p y ' T r i p p y","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3733288","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Becausenfor that short moment I knew nothing but the cold searing through mynfrail little body, I turned away. Because I never thought for anynsecond that if I had waited any longer a part of me would have diednin that small street corner, I covered my head for warmth. In thenfour seconds it took for me to lower my head the soldiers had startedntheir daily rampage, a tool used only to frighten and intimidate. Thenfirst shot woke me from my cold delirium, so I naturally looked up tonsee if it was me they shot, and I just hadn't felt it because I wasnnumb from the wintry air. We were so far north that just a little bitnof sunshine was considered a pleasant summery day. Our country was inna perpetual dusk and though at times it could be a gorgeous sight, itnwas always left in the wake of blizzards and snowstorms. Beautifulnsights were oft suffocated in the cold. Unfortunately, that nevernslowed down the community; everyone was still expected to do theirnpart unless they were on their death bed. But that was only becausenwe had to keep providing for the soldiers that had invaded and,neventually, taken over our country as their own personal island ofnsnow. If we refused to give them what they needed - or wanted - theynwould kill, rape, and torture until they did get what theynneeded - or wanted. Then again, they killed, raped, and torturednanyway, they didn't ever really need a reason. And they alwaysnblamed us for losses in the war, but it wasn't our war, we knew itnwasn't, so we just avoided the gun and let them take our home. Itnalways flustered me how easily we seemed to be giving in, but I knewnit really wasn't that easy. We were just trying to protect what wasnours. When my mindnadjusted around the fact that I was fine and not dying of mortalnwounds, I had seen what they had really done. They had shot mynmother, my poor mother, and she was on her knees, neither crying nornbegging. There was no fear in her darkest of dark brown eyes. All Incould see was her sad smile that was always broke my heart, no matternthe circumstances; and all I could think about was that dark liquidnsmeared on her bundles of clothes, the best she could afford. As ifnshooting her just once wasn't a message enough to the rest of us,nthey shot her again, this time in the head. I watched the side of mynmother's face explode away from her as if it had never existednthere at all. It left her so disfigured that I hardly wanted tonbelieve it was really her, but it slowly, slowly sank in, and Inturned to retch. I heard people shuffling away, being herded from thenscene, the show was over. Just like that. It had seemed like merenseconds had passed. I felt outside ofnmy body. I hadn't even spoken to my mother that morning. I hadnawoken in the early dawn, wrapped up, and left with her without sonmuch as a \"good morning.\" The idea that I had so denied my mothernon this particular day left me in a puddle of regret that felt asnvast as an ocean. I didn't know if I was crying at the time and Inlifted my fingertips to my face. Sure enough, they came away wet,nstained with the cold outlines of my tears. I heard a voice fromnbehind, but I listened with a deaf ear as they told me gruffly tonmove on, go home, do whatever it was a worthless fuck like me did tonpass the time. Then I heard a more familiar voice that I did notnplace until I turned to look. I absently wiped my mouth, but therenwas nothing to wipe away. My eyes blurred with pain, but I made outnthe friendly form of Hannah. I couldn't help but sigh with littlenrelief. Hannah was an ally, a friend, she was like my sister. Throughnthe wind I could hear her sputtering an explanation to the soldiernthat she would take me home. His hand was still raised mid-strike tonhit what I could only assume was the pathetic heap of me on thenground. Hannah was crying, too. I was almost thankful that I wasn'tnthe only one, I selfishly wanted someone else to feel my pain. Inwanted to call her name, but because I didn't, she didn't lookndown at me, and I couldn't see that she wasn't really crying atnall. She was just afraid, and it had made her voice quaver. Thensoldier looked openly disappointed, but shook her off and went on hisnway. He was gruff, tough, and would definitely have given them both anone, two, K.O., but his comrades were leaving, and so he had tonfollow. Hannah lifted menfrom the street and hugged me, and it was now that small silveryntears slipped from her soft blue eyes. Though I would never know it,nshe had held her wits against the soldier. Unlike me. She had lovednmy mother just as much as I had, whether or not she was her daughternwas irrelevant. She may as well have been part of the family. Hannahnwas as much my mother's daughter as I was. My family and hers werenall one as we saw it, we all stuck by each other. Even though Inwanted my brother to be here right now, I was thankful he wasn't.nHe would have tried to stop them, he would have been killed. And thennI would have no one. And when you have no control over the loss ofnyour loved ones, I would much rather loose just one than two. Itnisn't as morbid as it sounds, because you learn to live with thesenthings, no matter how much pain they bring you, you were forced tonlook at the upside because only the upside would make you forgetnabout the downside, or it would do the exact opposite and make younremember what made you have to create the upside. My mother wasnalways an optimist, so it was only natural that some of it rubbed offnon me. Now that she was gone, I felt some of that hope melt away. The more Hannahnhugged me and tried to comfort me, the more I wanted to just run. Inwanted out. And I wanted out now. I would run, and I would take mynbrother with me. There was nothing left for us here. Our father hadnbeen killed years ago at the beginning of the war when the soldiersnfirst invaded. He had stood against them, and he had died. Hannah andnher family could run, too, but I had to keep myself realistic. If wenall left at once, we would be caught, and no one knows what happensnto those who are captured in the act of running. Everyone knows when they get caught, but they never know where they go after that. Theyndisappear. One of my brothers friends had tried to run, and theynhadn't made it because a spy had told that he was leaving and henwas caught. My brother had almost gone with him. He tells me almostnevery day, that if it wasn't for me and my mother, he would havengone. He would have been dead. Or worse. Spies were sketchyncreatures that walked about in our own little world, blending withnscary ease. They existed around every corner, and you never knewnwhich starved, poorly-dressed street dweller was the snitch. That'snwhat made family like Hannah's so wonderful to have. We knew in thenbottom of our hearts they could be trusted. I had no idea whennto be expecting my brother to be home, but I wasn't all toonconcerned about it for some reason. He was… out. I never reallynknew where he went, but it was the same when my father was around. Henwould leave for the entire day, sometimes two days, sometimes henwouldn't leave at all. After a while, he started taking my brothernwith him, but I was never told where they were going. Then again, Innever asked. Hannah had left fornher home not long ago, and I don't think she would have gone unlessnI had told her to. I sat in my own shack of a home, staring blanklynat the wall, feeling perfectly still, yet there was a tornado insidenof me. It spun in circles through every inch of me, tearing everynfiber of my previous life into shreds of nothing more than flecks ofndust. Though it ripped me apart, all the pieces were still there,njust leftovers, sitting at the bottom of a pit somewhere in mynstomach, churning in acid. I wanted to throw up again, but I knew itncouldn't happen. I knew if I let myself throw up, I wouldn'tnstop. The light outsidenfaded, but the screams and gunshots heard every so often nevernceased. Sometime in the early hours of night, my brother finally camenhome. In all the time that I had sat alone in our home, I had notnthought of what I was going to say to him. Actually, I don't knownwhat I was thinking in all that extra time. Maybe I wasn't thinkingnanything. When he saw me, he smiled; I loved his smile. And while itnwas on his face, I thought for a moment that maybe I had imagined thenentire ordeal, that our mother was not dead, and that all was rightnwith our small corner of the world. Maybe I had been wrong. But as he watchednme, he knew that something was not right, and his smile was gone innan instant and the large bag held in his right hand fell to the floornwith a defiant thud as if it was offended that it had been dropped innsuch a manner. Replacing his smile was a frown of confusion andnworry. The fact that he had known something was wrong just a fewnseconds after walking in the door made me remember that I had to tellnhim, and the fact that I knew nothing of what to say only made menprolong my hesitation. My pause only made his worry grow and it wasnevident in his features that were so like mine, yet so much older. Innreality, he was a year and a half older, but what difference did itnmake? No one was counting years anymore, they were counting days,nminutes even. There was hardly the promise of a single night'snsleep, much less 365. As I now knew personally. My brother wasnsuddenly next to me, on his knees, shaking me by the shoulders. Inhadn't even realized he had moved from the doorway, I suppose I hadnbeen lost in my head. I stared into his eyes, they were the same darknbrown as mine, and the same as my mother's. I could feel my facencontorting with the pressure of being the only one around to breaknthis kind of news. Because it wasn't pain I was feeling at thisnmoment, it was pressure. To say the right thing, to say it atnthe right time. To keep him calm, to keep him sane. But to calm thenballistic and steady the crazed you had to be calm and steadynyourself, and I wasn't sure if I was. My brother wasnsaying my name, again and again. \"Alaina, Alaina,\" he said,n\"Alaina, please talk to me.\" I just looked at him, and in thenback of my eyes, a liquid fire burned and threatened. I gave in tonthe flame and the result was lava flowing like rivers across thenlandscape of my face. As he saw the tears floating down my cheeks, mynbrother seemed to put two and two together. My mother wasn't here,nI was crying, and perhaps there was just that ominous underlyingnknowledge that something incredibly terrible has happened. Whatevernthe case, he knew. And maybe because I didn't say anything,nand the sight of me in distress, curled into a drawn position on thenfloor, was enough to break my brother down as well. If I had had tontell him, if my body language had been different, he might havenfreaked out like I had originally predicted. The slightestndifferentiation in my actions could have sent him on a tangent, and Inwas thankful that, for once, I was lost of words. But I was his kidnsister, I was crying, and then there was that inevitable displeasingntaste in the air that told him something was amiss. That, and thenfact that though he asked, I was unable to answer outright, fornreasons that could only be death, rape, or torture - in a word,nsoldiers - apparently was enough to make me his first priority. Henwould just have to kill the entire world later. \"Alaina,\" hensaid again, but his voice was different and was more concerned for menthan for the reason I was upset. I was looking right into his eyes,nbut now I actually felt like I saw him. My thoughts had finallynstarted to assemble in a coherent order, but I was still hesitant tonsay anything. He smiled a very sad smile because I think he saw thatnI was finally acknowledging him. He did not ask again what happened,nbut his eyes held the question in the air, over my head. I think itnwas that he did not verbally press the question that made it easiernfor me to gather myself. \"Alaina,\" he said once more, thoughnsofter. Not quieter, softer. His voice was trying so hard to bensoothing, and on the top layer was genuine concern for his babynsister, but the root of her concern was also his; that, too, was alsonevident. He just needed to know what it was first, needed to know fornsure. I opened my mouthnto speak, but closed it for loss of better words. I closed my eyesnfor a brief moment and when I opened them I felt ready. My brother wasnlooking at me so patiently. It was so unlike him, but I could notncomplain. He took a slow breath and I took that as a sign of his truenimpatience. At least he was trying to keep it in control and undernwraps, I gave him credit for that much. \"Rio,\" Instarted, his name felt horrible on my lips, coming out in such anwhisper as if I was ashamed. Wiping away a few of the tears thatnstained my cheeks, I continued, \"today I was with Hannah in thensquare. We weren't really doing anything, we were just walking likenwe sometimes do in the mornings, you know we do, and we were justnminding our own business.\" The look on his face stopped me. I hadnbeen speeding up and jumbling my words together as I went. I took anbreath, shook my head, and kept going. \"Soldiers came out ofnnowhere,\" I told him. His expression faltered as I grew closer tonthe reveal that he knew was coming. I don't even know why I wasntelling him if he could already tell. It was like it just needed tonbe out in the open for good, so I couldn't just rip it all backninside of me so that no one would ever have to know. And maybe sonthat I wouldn't have to confirm it. He rubbed one of my shoulders,nurging me on. It was comforting, but also put more pressure on me,nand I wish he hadn't done it. \"Just them being there gathered ancrowd, like it always did,\" I said, trying to keep myself at a slownpace. \"They just grabbed her out of the crowd. I didn't even knownwhat happened until it was too late. I didn't do a damn thing aboutnit and now she's gone. It was like it meant nothing to them in thenworld.\" He sank backwards,nsagging away from me, and I realized how warm his body had beenncompared to our cold hut. I wanted his warmth back and after a momentnit was. His arms were around my shoulders and he pulled me into him.nI couldn't see his face, and he didn't say anything, so while wensat there, I did not know what his reaction was. I could not tell ifnhe was crying, or angry. Or either. I didn't know what to make ofnit. He just held me, like I was some reminder that he still hadnsomething left to live for. Or maybe that's just what he wasnreminding me. We sat like thatnfor a very long time, neither of us saying anything, but I couldnalmost sense Rio's mind working to find a plan, or a reason, ornhope. He was searching for something, though, that much I knew. Wenmust've fallen asleep, though I felt traitorous to our mother tontake comfort in sleep after she had been brutally murdered. Whennpeople sleep, they don't feel any real feelings, only imaginarynfeelings. I don't remember what I dreamed about, or if I dreamed atnall, but I hated myself just thinking it could have been anhappy dream. The early sunshine woke me first, and I was glad it did.nWhen I woke I was relieved to be out of my dreaming state of falsenhope. I was leaning against my brother's chest, one arm draped onnhis chest, the other was behind him. I must've fallen asleepnhugging him. He had both arms around me, and when I pulled away,nthough he was sleeping, he was reluctant to let go. Careful not tonstir him, I moved across the room with cautious footsteps. Though Inloved him, I did not necessarily feel like talking to him at thisnpoint in time. If I had woken him, I would probably have not spoken,nand he may take that as a bad sign. But considering I was quietnenough, he did not arise, I did not have to speak, and he did notnhave to assume. The morning feltnheavy, like suddenly all the relief in the world was gone. There wasnso much force of gravity I thought I would collapse from thenpressure. The day was not bright, though no day really was, but todaynit was especially dreary, and hate hung in the air like a dismal fog.nIt was only today that I felt the weight of the dying world for whatnit really was. This morning was the first in my entire life that Inwoke myself up and forced myself to come to terms with the fact thatnit was another day, and I was here to keep living. My mother'snvoice rang in my head, clear as day - or as clear as day was in otherncountries. I could hear her, and I knew I would for the remainder ofnmy life, but I would never see her again. Maybe she had made it tonthe Heaven she had believed in, but I could no longer bring myself tontrust I would be there when I died. My now irrational thought lead menaway from it every time it was brought to my conscious mind. It didn't take long before he saidnmy name. I turned from the window I was mindlessly staring out of andnhe was looking at me with authority, like he was about to school me.nHe must not have slept as long as I had because he looked intent onnacting. I could see his mind whirring through his eyes. His eyesnalways gave away so much. They were not merely the windows to yournsoul, but to your every thought and emotion. \"Alaina,\" he statednflatly, \"we're leaving, and we're coming back with an army.\"nAnd that was the end of that. I didn't know where we were going, Inhad no idea what he meant for sure. I could tell he had been strungntoo far, and the death of our mother had finally snapped him like anrubber band. The tension between the two of us was gone, the emptynspace that lay like a vast ocean in our midst. We were together, andnfrom what I could tell of the get go, we were on the brink of war. ","Summary":" Becausenfor that short moment I knew nothing but the cold searing through mynfrail little body, I t"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"The Adventures of a Unicorn: Love Lost","Author":"Chester Coolington","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5665862","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I like to call this one THE ADVENTURES OF A UNICORN: LOVE LOST(part one) This story begins in a magnificent Dwarf Fortress hidden in the mountains of Russia, this particular fortress is called Gathoria with more than a million inhabitants. The history is rich and goes back to the times of dinosaurs, though I will not bore you with the history of Dwarves discovering how to make a shitload of ale in a short period of time. It is the year 2012, Barrack Obama has conquered Earth and is now Supreme Overlord. They serve him fine wenches and so much pot that you could cry daily, for he is the Supreme Overlord and deserves great treasures. Obama has created an artificial desert called Shlongadelia, the sand is actually the finest of cocaine and has had many superstars such as the Lady GaGa visit. Overall, Obama's conquering of Earth has benefited almost everyone. An aged Dwarf dubbed Glad was drinking ale on a Tuesday morning when he suddenly came to a realization, in his intoxicated state, that he needed new ale! This ale was boring!!! OMG!!!! Anyways, Glad decided to leave the safety of Gathoria and set out towards the Elven kingdom of France. Glad decided to invade France because the elves are pussies and make fine ale, so he jumped on the back of his trusty rainbow colored unicorn and flew off into the sunset. His unicorn, Melissa Gibson aka Mel Gibson, wasn't exactly pleased to be flying off towards France. Mel hated the French and cheese, cheese always gave him mad gas and massive shits. Even so, Mel obeyed his master and flapped his pritti wings towards pussyland. Once they arrived, Glad watched the innocent elves awake from their slumber in daisy petals and watch as they start to do their daily business. Glad vomited in his drunken haze seeing as he hated all things queer, especially flowers. Being quite proficient in battle, he took out his Dwarven Axe and flew along the French streets beheading the pansy Elves. Listening to their gay screams he lol'd quite heartily because it was MUSIC TO HIS EARS OMG. PINK BLOOD WAS EVERYWARE OH GOD. The Elven King, Elton John, was having a BF(bitch fit) because of this beastly dwarf who was going around snapping the necks and beheading the heads of his citizens. Elton John pondered about what he was to do about this as he did his duties, such as yoga, knitting, singing, dancing, buying clothes, fing Zintos' a, and painting his nails. Finally, it came to him!!! He would send his lovely hawk named Peach to get those bastards! YEAH! So with orders, Peach goes out to destroy the evil beings! So Peach is flying around looking for dem unicorn and dwarf, eventually he discovers them drinking the blood of Elven children. Going for a surprise attack, Peach turns on his invisibility belt and POKES OUT THE EYES OF MEL GIBSON O GOD!!! Mel Gibson is taken by surprise, shocked, he flies away and rams in a dildo store! Oh no! Mel Gibson accidentally killed his owner nooooo!1111!1 Sad, blinded, and confused, Mel Gibson flies away in fear of a second attack. Mel is extremely depressed and is mourning the loss of his owner. With no where else to turn, he remembers a place... An island in the sky full of ponies, no unicorns though because Mel Gibson is the only one left. Though he is blind, he still manages to find his was to Pony Island. Upon his arrival, the ponies rejoiced and held a great celebration! The last unicorn is going to live among them OMG!! All dem females were all up on his grill because his horn was so big and long. The female ponies of Pony Island were quite slutty and always were fighting for da males, but Mel wasn't like that. Mel wasn't a shallow unicorn, he had sights for one female pony unlike the rest. Her name was Timothy, she was a pritti purple pony with blue eyes and green hair. Timothy was not a slut and she was actually very shy, but Mel Gibson walks up to her nd is like \"GURL U R SO PRITTI N FINE, Y U ALL UP N DIS CORNER. U JUST TALK TO ME BAYBEE N WE GO ALONG REEL GOOD GURL.\" At first Timothy was confused, she was not used to how unicorns chatted, but eventually she understood him. She saw the pain and depth of Mel, Mel Gibson was not just a star to her... HE WAS BEAUTIFUL!!!!!1111 Mel and Timothy became unicorn and wife on a Saturday evening, it was the happiest day of Mel's life. He was so happy he went without protection dat night n Timothy became PREGNANT!!! Their first child was a male pony named Thor, he was so pritti. They had many more children as the years flew by. The two were blissfully unaware of a disaster that was about to occur... Jesus Christ hated all things pony, he had great anger whenever he saw ponies. Jesus thought they were disgusting, so once he discovered this floating island he shot a HUGE METEOR THE SIZE OF WALES TO DESTROY THE ISLAND IN THE SKY! The ponies didn't even know a thing until they saw it approaching quickly, Mel Gibson was the only one who could escape due to being a unicorn that could fly. He wanted to take his wife but she was too heavy, so he could only take one of his 194 children. Mel Gibson decided to take Thor the pritti pony, so after saying goodbye to his wife with tears in his blind eyes, he left the soon to be destroyed island. Mel Gibson vowed to avenge his friends and family, JESUS JUST WENT TOO FAR! That would come later though because he had business to do! Mel took his son Thor to France again, he had not been since his owner perished in the rubble of the dildo shop. When they arrived, Mel told Thor of what he had to do to prove himself as a man pony. HE MUST KILL THE ELVEN KING ELTON JOHN!!!!!!!! OH GOD! Thor reluctantly agreed to this, he did not like killing things like his father but he would in order to prove himself as a man pony. Thor snuck into the dildo castle and sat on Elton's face in his sleep, he then sharted so bad that Elton died of suffocation. Thor made his father very proud that day. Right after Thor reported back to his father, Mel got a text from Obama saying \"NIGGA DEY B ZOMBIE ANIMULS PONEEZ AT DAH JAHPAN FOOD PLACE111 DEM BTCHEZ FALLN FROM DEMS SKYZ!! DO SUM SHIT NIG!\" Mel was shocked! First, Jesus Christ destroys his home and then his friends n family fall from the sky as zombies into Japan!!!! How awful!! But Mel knew he had to save the Japanese because they make gr8 cars and stuff, so Mel told his son to wait in the Supreme Overlord's mansion for him... It was just too dangerous. Mel did not want to lose any more of his family. Mel brings his flamethrower to Japan, he sees the destruction and blood of the Japanese all throughout the streets of Tokyo ware dey at. He can see he friends... but they are lost forever! Zombies they are! He must kill them! Having brought his boombox, he begins to play Bad Romance by the Lady GaGa so the pony zombies approach him. Knowing that he must sacrifice himself for Japanese stuff, he sets the entire city aflame. The zombie ponies die screaming, and Mel begins to fade away as well.. but he sees Timothy!! His lovely Timothy!! For a moment he thinks she remembers him, but no shedoes not. Zombie Timothy devours Mel Gibson whole!! All the zombie ponies died that day and never emerged again, Mel's son lives on in spirit of the great fallen hero Mel Gibson. Thor has sprouted his unicorn horn and wings, so now the legacy of the great unicorns will live on. Japan has a huge statue and shrine to Mel Gibson where the Japanese pray everyday, it is one of the holy places in Japan... Obama is still smoking pot and letting his VP Thor get some pony ass. FINN This is the Supreme Overlord Obama's quote about the great Mel \"YO DEM MEL GIBSUN IS DA SHIT YO! NIGGA GOT SUM BALLS! HE BE DA LIVN ON 4EVUR NIGS!11!!!!!!1\" ","Summary":" I like to call this one THE ADVENTURES OF A UNICORN: LOVE LOST(part one) This story begins in a mag"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Scotland Go Bragh Scotland Forever","Author":"Daughter of Inis","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5502413","Passage":"[Chapter 1] SCOTLAND GO BRAGH \"Give them hell!\" he cried into the foggy air and Scotland's sons found courage not a heart fell faint there He stood before them battle worn His face so long and vague But still on his lips their lingered the cry \"Scotland go bragh!\" He heard the drums come from the hills And he raised a fervent eye He drew his sowrd with steel resolve And again he raised the cry \"Scotland go bragh!\" It echoed or' the brae* And resounded in the ears Of every Englishman in their way The attack then came on fierce and bold The destria's charged with sped Swords were drawn and arrows flew But the noble's broke their creed With pleading eyes he watched them Ride away into hazy mist He cursed their name with vicious spite And raised a shaking fist Then gradually a silence fell Upon the ravaged plain And what had once been a battle field Became an odyssey of pain He led his dogged, ragged men In a silent solemn retreat Many wept as they stumbled away Their hopes having met defeat But still in every clansman's heart The spark of freedom burned And all men knew their leader The title of 'Braveheart' had earned ","Summary":" SCOTLAND GO BRAGH \"Give them hell!\" he cried into the foggy air and Scotland's sons found courage"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"A Braveheart Therapy Session","Author":"The Barracking Bard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4074537","Passage":"[Chapter 1] AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a bit – er insane (lol) – but as much as it pains me to mangle canon, I couldn't resist writing something of this style. I hope you enjoy it ... Reviews much appreciated! Nothing makes me happier :) \"A Braveheart Therapy Session – Trisha Style.\" By Lanarielm We open in on a large brilliantly lit studio. The stage is decked with numerous chairs, with the characters of Braveheart seated upon them. They are set in a semicircle shape about a large, elaborate red velvet sofa which is in the shape of a pair of lips. We zoom in on a sign which is hastily selotaped to a backstage door. It reads: 'to all those involved with today's Braveheart therapy session, please dispose of all rusted swords, flagons of stale ale and ukuleles in the nearest bin. Thank you.' Upon the lavish sofa lies the host (a somewhat portly woman) who is dressed in a glittery, red evening gown. She speaks, is in a light, lilted Southern Texan accent. Host: Hello y'all, welcome to today's therapy session. Hopefully in this hour you can each discuss what issues you have with one another. She grins toothily. We now pan round the semicircle to see Isabelle casting an angsty glance at Longshanks, Prince Edward glower fearfully at his father, a squashed faced Phillip attempting to smile warmly at Edward, Murron who looks ready to throw a chair at Isabelle, William who is preening himself in a pink mirror, a zombie Malcolm Wallace smothered in bandaes waving clumsily at the audience without his left arm falling off, Robert the Bruce tapping his foot testily whilst glowering at his father who is staring grittily at his welted hands, Hamish who is serenely plaiting his beard and finally Stephen who looks as if he is minding his own business, save he is holding an empty Ukulele case. Host: So … who would like the pleasure to go first? Stephen? [Looks at Stephen who blinks and simply stares back at her as if in deep concentration) okay … how about you William? William: Give us just a sec love [the Host blinks in surprise as she watches William carefully pencil his eyebrows with a thin, twirly dark line.) Host: That is very disturbing William. William: [Looks blearily from behind his mirror) eh? Host: Never mind. How about you Prince Edward? Would you like to start us off first? Prince Edward: [Shuffles uncomfortably about as if he is sitting on a hedgehog) if father bids it, then yes. Longshanks: I would rather nail my King heirlooms to this floor with an axe, than listen to your tripe. Prince Edward: [Yells madly) I – I'm going first father whether your \"kingly heirlooms\" like it or not! [Composes himself) hi, I'm Prince Edward and I am being starved of attention off my father and for him to accept the way I am. All: Hi Prince Edward Longshanks: must we listen to your infernal jabbering? Prince Edward: [Standing up and pointing a quivering hand at Longshanks) y' see! This is what I'm talking about! You love killing rebel Scots more than you love me. It's so unfair. Longshanks: [shrugging indifferently) so? You gotta problem with that? Prince Edward: [Face screws up looking as if he is about to burst) well CLEARLY!! Can't you see that? You ruthless, small brainless, peni- Host: - calm down Prince Edward, calm down. Now, any comments Longshanks? Longshanks: No. Phillip: If I may add, I have noticed that the majority have considered Longshanks' reputation to be that of a tyrant – Longshanks: [menacingly) - do you remember what happened last time you tried to interfere with affairs that do not include you? Pancake boy? Phillip: [Traces his hands over the squashed half of his face and gulps) y- yes. Prince Edward: Don't you threaten my Phillip! Longshanks: Did I hear something? Phillip: How rude of you! Longshanks: Right! [Strides up from his chair, grabs Phillip by the ankles and tosses him over the nearest window (which is conveniently left of the studio, humming as he goes. We hear a prolonged \"yyyyyyyyaaaaaaaoooooouuuuuuu iiiiiiiiiiinnnsssssssooooolanntt baaaaasstarrrrr – OW!!! Thunk.\" Longshanks returns from the window, wiping his hands and smiling humorously to himself.) Prince Edward: [Agog with sheer terror and rage) Why … you … [Races towards Longshanks but he catches him deftly by the ankles, and like Phillip throws him easily out of the window. We hear the same sound effects and Longshanks returns promptly to his seat, smiling serenely to himself.) Longshanks: Lovely day by the way everyone. Everyone sits in a stupor of shocked silence which is broken by a few sobs from Isabelle. Isabelle: you're a monster. Longshanks: [smiling) thanking you. Murron: [ in an obnoxious tone) you can't have them both. William: [glances one eye over his mirror, looking at Murron. He puts down his lip liner and brushes his kilt) Girl's please. I know I am absolutely fabulous but I can't be a complete heartthrob? Can I? Robert the Bruce, Murron, Hamish and Stephen all groan and roll their eyes. William: Oh ... [Blushes) silly me. I already am, aren't I? Hence the big strapping, Highland sculpted body, the roguish, impish grin garlanded by irresistible auburn stubble and the icing on the cake which is a specially Scottish grown item which is kept under wraps, as my friend does not like the sunlight. Host: too – too much information needed William. Would you like to introduce yourself … briefly? William: Hi, I'm William Wallace and I have commitment issues. All: Hello William. Murron: too true you do! Isabelle: Oh please, you're already dead. Murron: would you like a knuckle sandwich? William: [grinning at their argument, whilst spraying Britney Spears Perfume under his armpits) ladies, please, let's have a bit of decorum . Murron: Fine. Isabelle: Fine, but anyway, I'll have you know when I was born, they fired a 21 gun salute. Murron: well it's a pity they missed. Hamish: [whilst braiding his hair) as far as I'm concerned, I'm satisfied as long as William is happy, with or without a wife. Host: well said Hamish. Would you like to introduce yourself? Hamish: hello everyone, I'm Hamish and my – All: [cutting him off) hi Hamish. Hamish: and my problem lies with … [he falters as his gaze strays uncertainly over at William who winks at him) William: Don't be shy now, my hairy friend. Hamish: [Blushing and grinning largely) I - I … thank you sweet-cheeks. My problem lies with my love life. Longshanks: [groaning) oh God, not another one. I thought I'd disposed of them all in this room. Hamish: Do I sense some jealousy? Is that why you hate the Scot's so much? They are bigger um – men than you are? Longshanks: [looking aghast and revolted) jealousy?! My dear man, far from it! Host: [grinning slightly) l … calm down. Let's not get in a flap. Stephen: [cluelessly chiming in ) what time is it Almighty? Host: Pardon me Stephen? Stephen: eh? Host: would you like to share any thoughts with us? Stephen: [suddenly grinning) Yup! Two seconds – [Leaps from his chair, scuttles out of the studio and returns a second later carrying nothing, save for a crestfallen expression. He talks to the ceiling) You lie to me God! You said the ukulele was in the left bin, along the sixth corridor beside the empty crate of red bull next to the wishing well. Host: [looking confused) Stephen, the psychiatric department is just down the – Stephen: [starting to panic and wave his hands) you don't understand! I must serenade my thoughts through the medium of dance and music. There is a knock at the studio door. A small band of delighted looking Leprechauns come marching into the studio, dressed in green sequined dungarees which are emblazoned with the Irish flag. They each carry green/red and white streamers, much to the \"ooo's\" and the \"aas's\" of the audience. They march up behind Stephen and he gets off his chair and stands in the middle of them. Random Leprechaun: [in a squeaky voice, sounding like the male mice out of Disney's Cinderella) here is your ukulele Mr. Stephen sir. [Stephen takes the ukulele and strums it skillfully. Immediately the Leprechauns begin to spin and wave their streamers in rhythm to a jolly Irish ditty Stephen begins to play upon his Ukulele, as he skips merrily upon the spot.) Stephen: Ooo righty my sprites! Dance for me! Dance for me laddies! DAAANCE! The jolly, frantic strumming of the ukulele ensues for a couple more minutes before finally it concludes with one last wavering note. The leprechauns somersault into the air and land on their knees, holding the Irish streamers aloft, grinning widely, ending their dance in a spectacular show. Stephen kneels in the middle of them, beaming the widest. Stephen: Now, does that answer your question? Everyone gawks wordlessly at Stephen and the leprechauns from their seats. Robert the Bruce: this is very disturbing. Stephen: glad to hear it! Now sprites, off ye go! Silently as you can be! The Leprechauns dance merrily out of the door. Their insane cackling can be heard echoing for several seconds along the walls of the corridors. Robert the Bruce: Oh please, how ridiculous can you get? Leper: well said, son. Robert the Bruce: don't you \"son\" me. You are no father of mine. Leper: do I seemingly look it? Robert the Bruce: no,you are not a man. Leper: What, couldn't think of anything original so you took a line right from the script? Robert the Bruce: you – Host: and who might you be? Robert the Bruce: [Glaring at his father) I, ma'am, am Robert the Bruce Leper: the 17th Earl who was given land and entitlement, only wishing to choose to recklessly fly off into an impassioned battle, started from a commoner. William: My ears are burning. Leper: hell, anyway, where was I in my reprimanding? Oh yes, and so Robert my son you must act like a man. Be a king. Robert the Bruce: [Through gritted teeth) I – am – a – King – and – can – be – so – without – your – \"strategies\" and \"subterfuges\". Leper: [shaking his head) stubbornness will not get you anywhere. Is that how you wish to be King? Stubborn? Reckless? Mindless? Robert the Bruce: I...I...TOO MUCH PRESSURE!! Longshanks: Get used to it. Zombie Malcolm Wallace: Try getting used to this! [Waves dead, limp arm in front of Longshank's face. He makes a noise of disgust and unsheathes a sword and severs the arm. It falls to earth creating a sickening \"squelch\". ) How dare ye! Longshanks: ha-ha! Even in death you are useless. You are nothing more than cringing worm. Zombie Malcolm Wallace: pffft. It takes one to know one, buddy. William: Well said dad! Hi five! [Attempts hi-five but Malcolm Wallace falls limply off his chair as he attempts to wave his hand. He lies in a pathetic heap on the floor, on top of Isabelle's feet.) Isabelle: [To host) please, get it off me! Host: oi! All rusted swords are banned, Longshanks. Isabelle: Yer! Longshanks: Right. I've had it up to here with all of you. I'm leaving! [Without another word, he swiftly strides from his chair and makes his way to the exit. However he trips as the zombie hand of Malcolm Wallace slithers across the floor like a snake (leaving a trail of gooey ectoplasm behind it) and grabs him by his ankles, forcing the King to trip over. As he stumbles, he clumsily tumbles head first towards the window and falls from it. We hear a rather sickening crack and the zombie arm punches the air in its triumph, whilst doing several backward flips) Zombie Malcolm Wallace: heh, going so soon eh? Isabelle: [hissing at Malcolm) get- off-my-legs! Zombie Malcolm Wallace: oh, Sorry. [Rolls over onto his back, with a 'flump'. Isabelle closes her eyes and breathes deeply in disgust) Murron: aww, the poor dear can't handle a bit of corpse. Host: now, now … Isabelle: [seething) just you wait till I – Murron: oh please, you're blinding my virgin eyes; must you have the face of a slapped donkey? Isabelle: speak for yourself! You're face is so ugly I'm surprised your mother didn't die of shame! Murron: [laughing contemptuously) that coming from you my dear, is a compliment. Isabelle: [springs up from her chair, and charges over to Murron. But she is ready for her and she picks up the Zombie arm starts battering Isabelle over the head with it. Malcolm yells his protest and Isabelle now lies unconscious on the floor) Murron: Wooo yeah! Host: [shakes head and instructs for two burly security guards to drag Murron and Isabelle's body out of the room.) sorry y'all but we don't stand for violence on the show. William would you like to comfort them both? William: [looks up vaguely from applying a beauty spot to his face) yeah, why not, I'm having some trouble trying to adjust to my latest purchase from Ann Summers. The problem needs the er – feminine touch. Host: no comment. Hamish: [huffs) well if he's going, I'm going. Host: okay … Leper: if you're interested Hamish, I would like to buy you a Bacardi and coke after the show. Hamish: [standing up and looking highly affronted) (pause) … pardon me? Leper: well … I just thought … Hamish: you thought ... [Puffs chest out in indignation) ... how very dare you. [Strides angrily from the room, joining William who is waiting by the exit. Only Stephen, Robert the Bruce, Malcolm and the Leper remain) Host: so. All: so. Host: any comments? Anyone? Zombie Malcolm Wallace: yeah. I want my arm back. Host: [ignoring Malcolm Wallace) any valid comments? Stephen: [mumbles quietly to himself) Host: did you say something Stephen? Stephen: Oh, aye … the sprites call me home. [Mumbles again and he looks at the Host delightedly) they say they be having bangers and mash accompanied with me pint of Guinness. So, I be leaving you now [gets off his chair, dips a bow and strides happily out of the room, with a spry spring in his step. They all watch him go, none choosing to comment.) Robert the Bruce: well I suppose I best be going, if he's going. Leper: back to being a King. Robert the Bruce: [nerve begins to twitch in his left eye) No … I mean yes… without you - I mean. Leper: [grinning sadly) well I'm your father no matter what. Leper or not. Zombie Malcolm Wallace: I'd rather be a leper than a zombie Leper: It's a hard one to call my festering friend. [They both grin) Zombie Malcolm Wallace: [begins to slither over to the Leper ) Aye … now what were you saying about that Bacardi and Coke earlier? [They both walk out of the show room, chattering animatedly. The leper hands over Malcolm's arm and he screws it in place. Robert churlishly watches them go) Robert the Bruce : [groaning) I'm losing the will to live. Host: [humoring him) I think you might have lost that a long time ago. Would you like to round up the show? Robert the Bruce: no, I have a Kingdom to run - Leper: [His lecturing voice echoes from outside the room in the hallway) - and fail miserably, you should have taken my advice son! Robert the Bruce: I – I – [covers ears and yells loudly) I'm not listening!! La la la la laaa [he gets up from his chair and runs from the studio, barging through the exit door, leaving a stunned silence in his wake. His pounding footsteps are heard charging down the corridor. The host fixes a smile to her face and turns towards the camera) Host: well that was productive. Join us next time folks when I shall be interviewing the cast of Lord of the Rings, until then, goodnight! The theme music of the show rolls and the main lights of the studio flicker on. The show ends. ","Summary":" AUTHOR'S NOTE: This is a bit – er insane (lol) – but as much as it pains me to mangle canon, I coul"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Not Every Man Really Lives","Author":"Idrelle Miocovani","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7014469","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A/N: I'm currently experimenting with a style of writing called a \"50 Sentences\" challenge – you are given a table of fifty prompts and have to write one sentence to go with each prompt. Naturally, sometimes the grammar gets a bit flimsy, but it's a fun exercise. For 2011, I am writing a series of 50 Sentences challenges (four per month – or, if I miss a month, it will be covered elsewhere) covering many different fandoms and characters. Since I couldn't find a decent category to put the series in (this really isn't a crossover, so the crossover options are out), I am posting each entry separately in its own fandom. This is the fourteenth ficlet in the series. If you'd like to keep track of the series, there's an index in my profile listing the titles and fandoms of them all. Thanks for reading! Not Every Man Really Lives 1. Quest Children heard stories of brave heroes who traversed dangerous lands and waged wars to achieve their quests – but the greatest task lay at home in the hands of farmers and peasants: a country of their own. 2. Forgotten On the misty shores of history, truth was seldom remembered in the stead of myths that favoured the victor. 3. Found When he was a child, William thought little about the land around him – it was not until he returned from his travels that Scotland became the home he swore never to relinquish. 4. Influence As the stories of his conquests spread from village to village, a hero arose worthy of the grand myths of old. 5. Stand Angus was no more than fifteen and still looked more like a boy than a man when he faced the armies of the English king and wondered what he was fighting for. 6. Friendship Hamish had thrown the first rock, hitting William on the forehead and knocking him over; the boy struggled to his feet, leapt on his attacker's back and together they tumbled into the stream – they became fast friends as soon as the blood stopped flowing. 7. Onus When Isabelle stood before the altar, she swore an oath aloud to the son of her father's enemy, but a curse within for the husband she could never love. 8. Steel He received the claymore not long after Stirling; it was not a grand sword, but something made with purpose, force and strength imminent in its very blade. 9. Sight Murron felt the hungry eyes of the soldiers on her whenever they passed through the village, always watching her, no matter how much dirt she rubbed on her face or how many weeds she tangled in her hair. 10. Heirloom Robert kept the blood-stained, dirty embroidered cloth on him at all times as a tribute – it was the last memento of Wallace's life on this earth. 11. Levity In deference to tradition – even as the English army bore down on them – they turned as one, shouting and hollering, and raised their kilts. 12. Fellowship She was thankful for Nicolette – in this barren land of drafty stone and enclosed walls, at least she had the small blessing of a single friend. 13. Archer To her enemies, England was nothing more than a tyrant standing behind the battle line, taking what she pleased with deadly accuracy. 14. Ranger Stephen never said what exactly had caused him to leave \"his\" island – perhaps his fellows had thrown him into the sea for his bad mouth and claims to speak to God and he had miraculously swum to Scotland's shores – but whatever the reason, the Irishman had proven himself one of them more than even the Scottish lords could say. 15. Pursuit When Murron saw him standing on the hills outside her house, she clambered through the window and ran after him, gleefully fleeing from her mother's shouts of disapproval. 16. Stature \"I thought he was taller than that,\" Angus whispered to his fellow as Wallace rode past, hawk-like blue eyes piercing the opposing army with the ferocity of a man born from vengeance. 17. Middle Her husband was useless, but she knew how to play him and his damned father – the key was to stay in the middle ground: quiet, but not silent; respectful, but not useless; and abundantly feminine, but not submissive. 18. Gates York's gates were closed and barred, but that could not stop the burning hatred that set it aflame. 19. Misty It was difficulty to see the right path to take: siding with Wallace would condemn them to the eventual brutal annexation of Scotland and thousands of dead, but allegiance to Longshanks would result in immediate bloody death by Wallace's personal hand. 20. Mountain Even when he lay on his sickbed, Edward the Longshanks' stare was impassive and stony, incapable of straying from his decision. 21. Doom As his blood seeped into the ground of Falkirk, he felt himself being pulled up and lifted to safety – but the image of the Bruce's face was burned in his memory. 22. Tunnel When it rained and the castle seemed even darker than before, Isabelle dreamed – perhaps she had been born a peasant, destined to a life of labour and mud and cold, but then, at least, she would have seen the sun. 23. Wizardry None knew how Wallace had entered Mornay and Lochlan's chambers and escaped so easily; he was like a phantom, bringing brutal death to those he deemed guilty. 24. Division The two armies – one of trained soldiers, the other of raging, passionate rebels – swarmed toward each other, closing the gap in a swirl of blood and steel. 25. Lure The English had been setting traps for him for years; even now, as he lay enflamed with pain, moments and memories flashing before his eyes, he continued to swear that he would never give them what they wanted – a cry for English mercy. 26. Grey Robert strove to be a good man, a good leader – but as the years passed, he began to realised how there was no such thing as good men, but men who made choices for the greater good or men who made choices for personal beliefs. 27. White Whenever she had the chance, Murron snuck her mother's wedding dress from under her parents' bed and carefully added her own embroidery – she was insistent on having her own wedding dress, something she had crafted herself for the occasion. 28. Foretold Stephen stood in the square, his eyes raised to the heavens as William was dragged forward to his death – Father, if you love me at all, have mercy on him and let him die quickly. 29. Reign Isabelle was witness to the slow fall of the English court; she swore she would allow it to rebuild only under her hand. 30. Right When she asked him was right he possessed to invade a land that was not his, he merely looked at her with that savage stare and laughed – she waited, determined to be just as stubborn as he. 31. Elven Young Hamish picked up a stone and threw it at the back of William's head, but lost his footing on the rocks and fell into the river; he resurfaced moments later to see that he had missed his now grinning target. 32. Humanity \"Each man is as much a beast as the next, even a king,\" she murmured, her fingers digging into the silent, ill man's shoulder, \"but surely even you are capable of mercy.\" 33. Mystical Wallace's words could stir men into a passionate rage – it was something both wonderful and terrible to behold. 34. Realm Blood spilled, villages pillaged, lands destroyed – this realm that burned was in ruins, but at least it was something they could call home. 35. Determine Fate was fickle and God chose each man's time in turn, but that did not stop him from carving his own life in this brutal, wonderful world. 36. Bearer Gradually, her gowns seemed to become tighter; it was not until she had passed the time for her monthly courses twice that she was certain of the beautiful truth. 37. Wraith His father was weak and rotting with disease, but his words stung and drew power still. 38. Greed Men like Mornay were in a position to bring victory, but they fled from it with fear, with greed, choosing bribes over any sense of honour – for that, they would die. 39. Consume Perhaps the Bruce was right; perhaps he was fuelled by rage and there was nothing but blind fury in the place of courage – even so, righteous wrath was better than noble cowardice. 40. Oath He had sworn to Murron that he would love her and no other as long as he lived; though she was long dead, he felt the guilt the moment desire for the princess awoke. 41. Ethereal She was royalty; she had aided him far more than he had ever expected, crossing the land to personally deliver a message that saved his life; and yet she was a woman, yearning for escape from the same king that bound him to war – in many ways, they were one and the same. 42. Forge Men followed Wallace blindly, believing in the legends of his accomplishments – this man, the former farmer, was something Robert, a lord born into nobility, could only strive to be. 43. Will The years passed and with each new spring it became more and more difficult to remember why he did what he did, save for one thing – freedom, whatever it meant. 44. Immortality Hamish watched silently as his friend was torn apart before a screaming crowd – even in death, William became something greater than he had ever been in life. 45. West As his friends fell and were taken from him, Stephen did not know what remained for him in Scotland – perhaps the Almighty said it was time for him to return to his island once more. 46. One He knew she would be waiting for him on the other side – a smile, a tear, a welcome for the weary warrior who had endured so much in her name. 47. All Wallace's death was a pointed warning, one that went unheeded by the Scots. 48. Fate He could hear the shouting of the crowds from his prison cell as he prayed for the strength to die well – even as his body trembled with fear for what lay in store. 49. Ring When Hamish returned to his village, he saw Murron's grave, along with those for William's father and brother – he bowed his head, knowing there would be one grave missing from this number forever. 50. Legend All men died, but there were those who were remembered: the traitor, the warrior, the brother, the knight, the hero – a man could be all in the face of history, though death had taken him, his name and deeds lasting forever. fin ","Summary":" A/N: I'm currently experimenting with a style of writing called a \"50 Sentences\" challenge – you "},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Life In The South","Author":"the-dead-star","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12599012","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Life In The South Chapitre 1 Colby, Texas – 1869. C'était aujourd'hui. Aujourd'hui que John Reid revenait dans sa ville natale, patelin paumé en guerre avec la tribu des Comanches depuis sa création. Pourquoi revenait-il ? Officiellement, pour prendre le poste de procureur, ayant terminé ses études de droit à New-York. Officieusement, pour revoir Tilia et Rebecca, les deux seules femmes de sa vie. La première était née le même jour que lui, en ce 23 mai 1839. Évidemment, leurs parents les avaient promis l'un à l'autre, secrètement. Mais, les années passant avaient révélé que la petite fille aux yeux bruns pailletés de vert avait très fort caractère. N'en faisant qu'à sa tête, passant ses journées à cheval, pour le plus grand désespoir de sa mère, elle se rebellait contre le destin tout tracé qu'on écrivait pour elle. C'était sa vie, elle choisirait sa propre destinée. Et sa destinée s'était liée à celle de l'autre frère Reid, Dan. À vingt ans, il s'était engagé dans les Texas Ranger, suivant les traces de son père. Tilia avait cinq ans de moins que lui, encore innocente aux choses de l'amour. Mais elle n'avait pas tardé à s'enflammer au contact de Dan, pourtant déjà fort taciturne. Cependant, John Reid Senior avait vu les yeux bleus de son fils s'éclairer. Tilia était la femme qui lui fallait, n'en déplaise à son épouse et à madame Anderson. Ainsi, quatre ans plus tard, les fiançailles entre Dan et Tilia étaient célébrées. L'année suivante, il l'épousait. John était le témoin, Rebecca était demoiselle d'honneur. Rebecca qui, elle aussi, connaissait les frères Reid depuis de nombreuses années. Malheureusement, John était parti trois jours plus tard pour New-York. Et depuis dix ans, elle l'attendait... Oo*oO « Becca ? » La jeune femme tourna la tête, rencontrant le regard brun-vert de sa meilleure amie. Elle lui sourit : « Oh, bonjour Tilia. » « Bonjour. Tu es venue accueillir John, n'est-ce pas ? » La brune baissa la tête, triturant ses doigts. « Oui. Je sais, c'est ridicule mais... » « Ça ne l'est pas. » « Mais il ne se souviendra même pas de moi ! » Un sourire étira les lèvres de Tilia : « Ça, tu n'en sais rien. » « Je ne lui ai jamais dit. » « Que... tu l'aimais ? » Rebecca acquiesça et son interlocutrice soupira. « Becca... » « Il allait partir. Je ne pouvais décemment pas lui ouvrir mon cœur ! » « Bien sûr que si. » « Je sais, c'est ce que tu aurais fait. Mais je n'ai pas... ton courage. » « Ça t'aurait évité d'attendre dix ans. » Oo*oO Une haute silhouette s'approcha des deux femmes. L'homme était élégant, les cheveux blonds foncés et les yeux bleus. Un regard clair qui rencontra celui, plus foncé, de Tilia. Elle sourit : « John ? » « Tilia ! » Elle rit comme il la serrait contre lui. « Je suis heureuse de te revoir. » « Moi aussi. Mais... ce n'était pas nécessaire de venir me chercher. » Elle répliqua, amusée : « J'ai bien peur que si. » « Pourquoi ? » « Parce que nous n'habitons pas en ville, pardi. » « Oh. Dans ce cas... » « Tu te rappelles de Becca, n'est-ce pas ? » Elle se recula, obligeant son amie à approcher. John la dévisagea durant quelques instants puis un large sourire illumina ses traits. « Rebecca Johnson ! Bien sûr que je me souviens. Ravi de vous revoir. » « Moi de même, John. » Bonus chapitre 2 * « Bien sûr que non. Personne ne s'attend à ce que Dan soit capable d'éprouver des sentiments. » « Mais toi, tu le savais. Tu l'as toujours sut. » « Je suppose, oui. » ** « Ici, si tu ne sais pas te servir d'une arme à feu, tu es mort. » « Oh. » « Bienvenue au Texas. » *** « Mais tu aurais pu être procureur à New-York. Tu détestes le Texas, la chaleur et les armes à feu et ici, il n'y a que ça. » **** Plus barbu que dix ans auparavant, le long manteau en cuir noir avec l'étoile argentée de Texas Ranger, le frère aîné de la fratrie Reid n'avait pas tellement changé. Et quand il vit John, son accueil fut comme ses adieux, une décennie plus tôt : froid et distant, dénué de toute émotion.[Chapter 2] Life In The South Chapitre 2 Comme ils arrivaient tous deux sur le terrain appartenant à Dan, accueillis par les aboiements d'un chien, John questionna Tilia : « Dan n'est pas là ? » « Non. Il est parti convoyer un criminel à Austin. » « Oh. » « Mais il va revenir. » « Je sais. » En voyant son air attristé, elle révéla. « Il t'a toujours protégé, tu sais. » « Protégé ? » « Quand on disait que... tu étais parti à New-York parce que tu étais trop fragile pour vivre au Texas. » « C'est vrai ? » « Hhh. » « Je... je ne m'y attendais pas. » Elle sourit : « Bien sûr que non. Personne ne s'attend à ce que Dan soit capable d'éprouver des sentiments. » « Mais toi, tu le savais. Tu l'as toujours sut. » « Je suppose, oui. » Oo*oO « Maman ? » Retenant un chien, un petit garçon observait l'étranger avec méfiance. John retrouva l'air aux aguets que Dan avait tellement arboré et il s'étonna : « Tu as un fils ? » « Exact. » « Mais... » « On aurait dut te prévenir, je sais. » « Dan, hhh ? » Elle soupira. « Il a... moyennement accepté ta décision d'entamer des études de droit. » « Mais il m'a toujours défendu. » « Ton frère est un être empli de contradictions. » « À qui le dis-tu. » Ils quittèrent la carriole et approchèrent de l'enfant qui, toujours, fixait John, les sourcils froncés. Comme sa mère l'embrassait dans les cheveux, il lui demanda : « Qui est-ce ? » « Je te présente ton oncle, John. John, voici Danny. » « Bonjour. Tu... tu ressembles beaucoup à ton père, quand il était petit. » « Il ne ressemble pas à papa. » Oo*oO John retrouva Tilia dans le jardin, occupée à étendre le linge. « C'est une belle propriété, que vous avez. » « Merci. » « Mais... pourquoi vous être installés si loin de la ville ? » Elle haussa les épaules, répondant : « Dan traverse souvent le territoire Comanche. C'était plus facile. » « Et tu n'as pas peur ? » « Quand il n'est pas là ? Il m'a appris à tirer une semaine après notre mariage. » « Vraiment ? » « Ici, si tu ne sais pas te servir d'une arme à feu, tu es mort. » « Oh. » « Bienvenue au Texas. » Son sourire à lui était nettement plus petit et elle pencha légèrement la tête sur le côté. « Pourquoi es-tu revenu, John ? » « Le poste de procureur était libre. » « Mais tu aurais pu être procureur à New-York. Tu détestes le Texas, la chaleur et les armes à feu et ici, il n'y a que ça. » Il soupira : « Je ne sais pas, Tilia. Je... il fallait que je revienne. » « Mais tu ne l'expliques pas ? » « Non. » « Soit. Tu m'aides à cueillir les légumes pour ce soir ? » « Avec plaisir. » Oo*oO Le soir venu, alors que le repas était en train de mijoter sur le feu, des bruits de sabots se firent entendre. Immédiatement, Tex, le chien de la famille, se mit à aboyer et Danny s'exclama : « C'est papa ! » Comme le petit garçon s'élançait dehors, John alla à la fenêtre. Effectivement, c'était bien Dan qui revenait, après trois jours. Plus barbu que dix ans auparavant, le long manteau en cuir noir avec l'étoile argentée de Texas Ranger, le frère aîné de la fratrie Reid n'avait pas tellement changé. Et quand il vit John, son accueil fut comme ses adieux, une décennie plus tôt : froid et distant, dénué de toute émotion. « John. » « Bonsoir... Dan. » Avec un hochement de tête, le capitaine s'approcha de Tilia. Elle sourit, posant ses mains sur son torse comme il la prenait dans ses bras : « Le convoi s'est bien passé ? » « Hhh. » « Tant mieux. » « Les Comanches ne t'ont pas... » « Ils sont restés de leur côté de la rivière, moi du mien. » Il acquiesça, effleurant à peine ses lèvres pour ensuite ressortir, emplissant une bassine d'eau. Après trois jours de chevauchée, un bain n'était effectivement pas superflu... Bonus chapitre 3 *Car ici, la justice se résumait souvent à un tir mortel plutôt qu'à un procès. L'homme de loi venait du monde « civilisé » où les règles officielles étaient suivies à la lettre. Son frère faisait aussi respecter les lois. Mais pour lui, les criminels étaient rapidement expédiés dans l'autre monde. Bienvenue au Texas... ** « Il y a dix ans qu'il est parti, il a changé. » « Mais il déteste toujours autant le Texas, tu peux me croire. » *** Mais quand deux mains rudes et calleuses se posèrent sur ses épaules, un sourire ourla ses lèvres comme elle posait la brosse sur ses genoux. « Parce que je t'ai choisi. Toi , Dan, pas ton frère. » « Peut-être as-tu choisi le mauvais frère. » « C'est ce que tu penses ? »[Chapter 3] Life In The South Chapitre 3 Dan lui tournait le dos, immergé dans l'eau, plongé dans ses pensées. Mais il tourna immédiatement la tête quand elle approcha. « Tilia. » « Dan... » « Danny est au lit ? » « Il l'est. Il attend son histoire. » « Bon petit gars. » Mais alors qu'il voulait se lever, elle le retint, posant une main sur son épaule. Elle contourna la bassine de fer, lui faisant face. Immédiatement, il devina : « John, huh ? » « Tu lui as à peine parlé. » Il haussa les épaules. « Il n'y a rien à dire, Tilia. On n'a jamais été semblables. » « Mais vous étiez proches, avant, non ? » « Si. » « Alors qu'est-ce qui s'est passé ? » « P'pa est mort, voilà ce qu'il s'est passé. » « Et tu as refusé de contacter ton frère pour venir t'aider. » « J'avais pas besoin d'aide. » Elle soupira, sachant qu'elle n'aurait pas le dernier mot. Elle pouvait être têtue mais il était tout aussi borné qu'elle. Oo*oO Comme elle avait installé John dans le débarra qui servait occasionnellement de chambre d'amis, Tilia redescendit, retrouvant Dan. Assis à table, il nettoyait ses revolvers. Silencieusement, elle s'installa face à lui, se contentant de le fixer. Il ne tarda d'ailleurs pas à relever la tête, mêlant son regard bleu au sien, vert teinté de brun. Après un moment, elle le questionna : « S'il reste, que vas-tu faire ? » « Il ne restera pas. » « Tu sembles bien sûr de toi. » Il répliqua, revenant au nettoyage de son arme à feu. « Je connais mon frère. Il ne restera pas plus de six mois. » « Il y a dix ans qu'il est parti, il a changé. » « Mais il déteste toujours autant le Texas, tu peux me croire. » Elle hocha la tête, pensive. Oui, John détestait le Sud. Car ici, la justice se résumait souvent à un tir mortel plutôt qu'à un procès. L'homme de loi venait du monde « civilisé » où les règles officielles étaient suivies à la lettre. Son frère faisait aussi respecter la loi. Mais pour lui, les criminels étaient rapidement expédiés dans l'autre monde. Bienvenue au Texas... Oo*oO En chemise de nuit, Tilia était occupée à brosser ses boucles caramel, le regard dans le vague. Mais quand deux mains rudes et calleuses se posèrent sur ses épaules, un sourire ourla ses lèvres comme elle posait la brosse sur ses genoux. Dan se pencha, murmurant à son oreille : « Tu m'as manqué. » « Tu m'as manqué aussi. Mais ce n'était que trois jours. » « Heureusement. » Elle sourit, se laissant aller contre le torse de son époux. Immédiatement, il enserra sa taille, l'attirant encore plus près. Elle tourna la tête, écoutant les battements sourds et réguliers du cœur de Dan. Comme il promenait ses lèvres dans ses cheveux, elle ferma les yeux, savourant cet instant intime avec son mari. Mais bien vite, ce moment de tendresse fut brisé comme il révélait. « Je repars dans deux jours. » « Déjà ? » « Hhh. » « Mais... » « Tu auras John pour te tenir compagnie. » Elle se raidit, se dégageant brusquement pour ensuite se lever, se retournant. Elle siffla, coléreuse : « C'est ce que tu penses ? Quand un frère Reid est parti, j'accueille l'autre dans mon lit ? » « Pourquoi pas ? » « Nous sommes mariés depuis dix ans, Dan. » « Et depuis dix ans, John est parti. » « Et alors ? » « Peut-être que tu l'attendais en secret. » Elle secoua la tête. « C'est ridicule et tu le sais. » « Moi, je ne trouve pas. John est bien habillé, bien élevé et il va être procureur. Une situation nettement meilleure que la mienne. » « Est-ce que je me suis jamais plainte de notre vie ? » « Non. Mais... » « Parce que je t'ai choisi. Toi , Dan, pas ton frère. » « Peut-être as-tu choisi le mauvais frère. » « C'est ce que tu penses ? » Bonus chapitre 4 * Il la saisit par les poignets, les collant contre le mur derrière elle. Mais bien vite, leurs doigts s'enlacèrent comme leur baiser s'intensifiait. Elle l'aimait, il ne pouvait plus avoir de doute là-dessus. ** « Mais Dan... » « Laisse-le-moi. Je vis avec ce rustre depuis dix ans, je sais le calmer. » *** « Trop parfait, je suppose. Le fils prodigue, parti étudier à New-York, il aurait été parfait, pour ma mère. Mais je suis tombée amoureuse d'un autre, à quinze ans. » « Je n'avais rien à t'offrir. » « Je sais.\"[Chapter 4] Life In The South Chapitre 4 Le lendemain matin, plongée dans la contemplation de la nature, gorgée de soleil, Tilia sourit à John : « Bonjour, John. » « Bonjour. » « Tu as entendu notre dispute, n'est-ce pas ? » Il grimaça. « En effet. Je... je suis désolé. » « Tu n'as pas à l'être. C'est plutôt nous qui devrions nous excuser. » « Dan est parti ? » « Hhh. Il chasse, pour se vider la tête. Une tasse de café ? » « Volontiers. » Elle sourit, versant le breuvage noir dans une seconde tasse. Il la remercia, appréciant l'amertume de sa boisson, observant également la nature qui, lentement, s'éveillait. Là, il lui demanda : « Est-ce que tu regrettes ? » « D'avoir choisi cette vie ? Parfois. Mais ça ne dure jamais longtemps. » « Car tu aimes Dan. » « En effet. Et même avec la plus grande volonté, je ne pourrais jamais ressentir... ça envers toi. » « Je sais. » « Tant mieux. » « Mais Dan... » « Laisse-le-moi. Je vis avec ce rustre depuis dix ans, je sais le calmer. » Oo*oO Une heure plus tard, le Texas Ranger était de retour. Deux lapins et un faisant à l'épaule, il observa Tilia durant un moment puis disparut dans la grange. Sa femme soupira puis se tourna vers John. « Si Danny se réveille, tu sais le faire déjeuner ? » « Oh, euh... oui. » « Merci John. » À son tour, elle pénétra dans la grange. Malgré la lumière extérieure, l'intérieur du bâtiment était relativement sombre. Elle cligna plusieurs fois des yeux puis repéra Dan, appuyé contre l'échelle qui menait aux foins, les bras croisés. Elle chuchota : « De quoi as-tu peur, Dan ? » « Rien du tout. » « Alors pourquoi cette scène ? » « J'ai toujours redouté le retour de John. » « Pourquoi ? » « Parce qu'il pourrait te charmer en un claquement de doigts. Alors il vous emmènerait, toi et Danny, avec lui. » « C'est ce que tu crois ? » « C'est une possibilité. » « John ne m'a jamais charmée, Dan. Il était gentil et poli mais... il ne m'a jamais convenu. » « Pourquoi ? » Elle haussa les épaules. « Trop parfait, je suppose. Le fils prodigue, parti étudier à New-York, il aurait été parfait, pour ma mère. Mais je suis tombée amoureuse d'un autre, à quinze ans. » « Je n'avais rien à t'offrir. » « Je sais. » « Mais tu m'as quand même suivi. » « On ne décide pas qui on aime. » « Tu as toujours été trop rebelle. » « Je doute que ça aurait convenu à John. » Il admit : « Je suppose que non. » « Alors tu me crois, maintenant ? » Lentement, elle avança comme il restait parfaitement immobile. Arrivée face à lui, elle s'arrêta, levant la tête vers lui. « Est-ce que tu m'aimes, Dan ? » Brusquement, il l'attrapa par les épaules, l'obligeant à reculer pour ensuite s'adosser contre un mur. Elle ne voyait pas ses yeux mais elle percevait la tension qui habitait son corps. Elle leva une main, la posant sur la joue de son mari. Elle sentit qu'il fermait les yeux comme il bougeait la tête, s'appuyant sur sa main. Il murmura lors : « Je t'ai... toujours aimée, Tilia. Simplement, je ne... savais pas comment te le dire. » « Je sais. » Il souleva les paupières, elle les baissa comme elle accueillait ses lèvres contre les siennes. Il la saisit par les poignets, les collant contre le mur derrière elle. Mais bien vite, leurs doigts s'enlacèrent comme leur baiser s'intensifiait. Elle l'aimait, il ne pouvait plus avoir de doute là-dessus...[Chapter 5] Life In The South Chapitre 5 Un mois plus tard, le célèbre bandit Butch Cavendish était transféré à Colby pour y être pendu. Mais le hors-la-loi était rusé comme un renard et il parvint à s'échapper. Évidemment, la tâche de le retrouver incombait aux Texas Rangers. Étonnant tout le monde, John demanda à y participer. Échangeant un regard avec ses collègues, l'aîné des Reid haussa les épaules, lui lançant un objet rond et argenté. Son petit frère le réceptionna, découvrant un insigne de Texas Ranger gravé aux initiales de JWR. « C'est celui de papa ? » « Je te déclare officiellement ranger du Texas. » Oo*oO Bravement, Danny retenait ses larmes. Son père s'accroupit devant lui, déclarant : « Danny, je compte sur toi pour attraper plein d'écureuils pendant mon absence. » Son fils hocha la tête puis se jeta dans ses bras. Surpris, Dan finit par le serrer contre lui, riant comme le garçon essayait de renifler le plus discrètement possible. « Faut pas pleurer, fiston. Je vais vite revenir. » « Promis ? » « Promis. » « D'a... d'accord. » Danny se recula et son père se releva, approchant Tilia. Elle souriait mais derrière cette bonne humeur, il sentait l'angoisse de l'attente, bien connue depuis dix ans. Elle dit : « Je n'ai pas à te dire d'être prudent, n'est-ce pas ? » « Je le serai. » « Et veille sur John, d'accord ? » Il acquiesça, tournant la tête pour voir son cadet discuter avec Rebecca. Il revint à Tilia, elle esquissa un petit sourire. « Il y avait quelqu'un qui l'attendait. » « Rebecca ? » « Huhu. Elle serait parfaite, pour lui. » « Je suppose. » À nouveau, elle sourit, l'observant enfoncer son chapeau sur son crâne. Ses yeux bleus disparurent dans l'obscurité et elle chuchota : « Je t'aime. » Mais alors qu'elle allait se retourner pour rejoindre Danny, il la retint par le poignet. Surprise, elle revint face à lui pour être embrassée. Elle ne s'y attendait pas, Dan n'étant pas homme à afficher publiquement ses sentiments. Mais elle appréciait cette surprise, c'était certain. « Je t'aime, Tilia. » « Je sais. Reviens. » « Je le ferai. » Elle hocha la tête et avec une dernière caresse sur la joue, il monta à cheval, sifflant pour avertir son frère. Celui-ci salua sa belle-sœur de loin et elle lui répondit, souriant en voyant son chapeau, totalement blanc. Elle fut rejointe par Rebecca et ensembles, elles observèrent les chevaux s'éloigner lentement de Colby. Désormais, elles devaient attendre. Attendre et espérer qu'il ne leur arriverait rien, désir illusoire au Texas... Bonus chapitre 6 * A ses côtés, l'autre cavalier se tenait voûté, comme à bout de forces. Mais ça devait être Dan ! ** « Mon époux n'est pas mort. » « Permettez-moi d'en douter. Mes hommes ont fouillé le désert, ils ont trouvé sept tombes. » Un hurlement retentit, elle se rendit compte que c'était le sien. Une gifle la fit taire, elle serra Danny contre elle, ravalant la bile qui montait dans sa gorge. Les larmes aux yeux, elle s'exhorta au calme, inspirant profondément. Il fallait oublier la douleur, le dégoût face à cet... animal.[Chapter 6] Life In The South Chapitre 6 Une semaine plus tard, la ferme était attaquée. On fit croire à un raid des Comanches, Tilia sut qu'il n'en était rien quand elle se retrouva face à Butch Cavendish en personne. Serrant Danny contre elle, elle fusilla du regard le hors-la-loi qui sourit, dévoilant une dent en argent : « Madame Reid, quelle bonne surprise. » « Que voulez-vous ? » « Pour l'instant, rien du tout. Mais plus tard... » Elle réprima un frisson, déclarant. « Mon mari va vous tuer. » « Ça, ma p'tite dame, j'en doute. » Elle se figea, le sourire de loup du bandit s'agrandit : « Je crains que... la famille Reid ne soit... liquidée. » « Vous mentez ! » « J'ai arraché le cœur de votre époux et... je l'ai mangé. » Un hurlement retentit, elle se rendit compte que c'était le sien. Une gifle la fit taire, elle serra Danny contre elle, ravalant la bile qui montait dans sa gorge. Les larmes aux yeux, elle s'exhorta au calme, inspirant profondément. Il fallait oublier la douleur, le dégoût face à cet... animal. Car il y avait Danny et il avait besoin d'elle. Oo*oO Deux jours plus tard, elle se retrouvait dans un luxueux wagon. Elle ne fut pas vraiment surprise quand elle vit monsieur Cole arriver. « Madame Reid, j'ai été navré quand j'ai appris ce qu'il s'était passé. » « Monsieur Cole... Où est mon fils ? » « Danny est à côté. » « Puis-je le voir ? » « Plus tard. Pour l'instant, nous devons discuter. » « Discuter ? » « Exactement. » « Mais de quoi ? » « Mais de notre mariage, ma chère. » Elle se figea, les yeux écarquillés, murmurant : « Pardon ? » « Vous avez très bien entendu. » « Mon époux n'est pas mort. » « Permettez-moi d'en douter. Mes hommes ont fouillé le désert, ils ont trouvé sept tombes. » Elle sentait sa tête tourner, se raccrochant au mobilier pour ne pas tomber. Très empressé, l'homme des chemins de fer la rattrapa. Ravalant son dégoût et son désespoir, elle grinça des dents. « Mon mari va vous tuer, monsieur Cole. » « Allons, vous ne savez plus ce que vous dites. » « Je refuse de devenir votre femme ! » « Vous le serez, ma chère Tilia. Vous le serez. » Oo*oO Confinée dans un des wagons, Tilia tentait tant bien que mal de ne pas devenir folle. Danny lui avait été enlevé, pour son « bien », et elle était retenue prisonnière. Essayer de s'échapper ? Impossible, toute une garnison de soldats gardait le train. Une voix la fit sortir de ses pensées : « Vous compagne de Grand Guerrier ? » Elle sursauta, découvrant un Comanche, recouvert de maquillage blanc et noir. « Pa... pardon ? » « Vous compagne de Grand Guerrier ? » « Grand Guerrier ? » « Avec chose brillante accrochée à lui. » Fronçant les sourcils, elle essaya de comprendre ce qu'il voulait dire. Puis elle s'exclama : « Dan ! » « Moi pas savoir. » « Est-ce que... qu'il y avait un homme avec un chapeau blanc ? » « Oui. Très bête. » À travers ses larmes, elle sourit. « Je sais. » « Vous venir avec moi ? » « Mais... et les soldats ? » « Eux pas attentifs, moi furtif comme une ombre. » Oo*oO Ils se dirigeaient vers l'avant du train quand deux chevaux apparurent. Immédiatement, elle repéra le chapeau immaculé de John. À ses côtés, l'autre cavalier se tenait voûté, comme à bout de forces. Mais ça devait être Dan ! Soudain, elle entendit la voix de Cole. Attrapant le bras du Comanche, elle se cacha derrière un wagon. Elle souffla : « Et maintenant ? » « Maintenant, on attend. » « Mais quoi ? » Pour toute réponse, il mit un doigt sur ses lèvres, lui intimant le silence. Elle s'exécuta, se focalisant sur tous les bruits qui les entouraient. Et bientôt, des bruits de pas se firent entendre. Tilia et son sauveur échangèrent un regard. Ami ou ennemi ? Oo*oO « Maman ? » « Danny ! » Elle se précipita vers lui, il tomba dans ses bras, en pleurs. Elle chuchota, passant et repassant ses doigts dans ses cheveux : « Chut. Tout va bien. » « Maman ? » « Oui ? » « C'est vrai que... papa est mort ? » Brièvement, elle ferma les yeux. Mais elle ne tarda pas à les rouvrir, secouant la tête. « Non, c'est faux. » « Alors il est vivant ? » « Exact. Avec oncle John. » « Mais... où sont-ils ? » « Ça, je l'ignore. » « Alors il faut les chercher. » « D'accord. Allons-y. » Bonus chapitre 7 Le bruit métallique d'éperons entrant en contact avec le sol se fit entendre et elle sut. Dan était là, derrière elle.[Chapter 7] Life In The South Chapitre 7 Le matin se leva et bientôt, les rayons du soleil inondèrent la nature. Tilia plissa les yeux. Au loin, elle voyait trois silhouettes. Malheureusement, elle était incapable de dire qui était-ce exactement. Soudain, un bras ceintura sa taille. Elle cria et se débattit, elle entendit la voix doucereuse de Cavendish susurrer dans son oreille : « Du calme, madame Reid. » « Je vais vous tuer ! » « Vraiment ? Comment ça ? » « Mon mari et son frère, que vous avez soi-disant tués, ils sont là. » « Et bien, je les attends. » Enfin, les silhouettes étaient visibles. Malgré la situation, elle sourit, rassurée. Dan était bien vivant. Blessé, certes, mais vivant. Elle le dévisagea, leurs deux regards se rencontrèrent. « Relâche-la, Cavendish. » « Je ne crois pas, non. » « Tu vas être pendu, tout comme ton frère. » « Peut-être. Mais en attendant, où est ton fils, Ranger ? » Oo*oO Grâce à l'intervention d'un étrange cheval blanc amateur de scorpions, Cavendish et Cole avaient été arrêtés. Tilia s'en approcha, souriant : « Bien le bonjour, messieurs. Ça me fait tellement plaisir de vous voir. Ne vous inquiétez pas, je ne raterai votre pendaison pour rien au monde. » « Espèce de... » Cole ne termina pas sa phrase, hurlant comme une balle lui était tirée dans la jambe. Tilia se figea, le souffle court. Le bruit métallique d'éperons entrant en contact avec le sol se fit entendre et elle sut. Dan était là, derrière elle. Un bras enserra sa taille, il dit : « On n'insulte pas une femme, Cole. On ne te l'a pas appris ? » Les deux frères furent emmenés, elle se retourna lentement. Plongeant dans les iris bleues de son époux, elle sourit. « J'ai bien crut... ne plus te revoir. » « Ça a failli être le cas. Mais un Comanche nous a... ramenés. » « Avec du maquillage blanc et noir ? » « C'est ça. Mais... » « C'est notre protecteur. Il m'a aussi sauvée. » Surpris, il finit par hocher la tête. Il s'enquit alors : « Et Danny ? » « Avec John. » « C'est bien. » « Tout s'est arrangé ? » À nouveau, il acquiesça et elle sourit. « Tant mieux. » « Tilia ? » « Hhh ? » « Tu as dit à Cavendish que tu allais le tuer ? » « J'en avais l'intention. » Un tendre sourire illumina le visage du Ranger : « Tu es bien ma femme. » « Je t'ai épousé, je sais me défendre. » « Et tu es parfaite. » Ce fut au tour de Tilia de sourire. Et alors que le rire de Danny retentissait, ses parents s'embrassaient, tous deux rassurés. Cette histoire était terminée et bientôt, elle ne serait plus qu'un mauvais souvenir... Bonus chapitre 8 « Merci. » « De quoi ? » « De m'avoir fait grandir. »[Chapter 8] Life In The South Chapitre 8 Deux mois plus tard... Comme Tilia l'avait prévu, John faisait la cour à Rebecca. Dans les règles, évidemment. Et comme Dan l'avait dit, son petit frère repartait. Il se destinait à une carrière d'avocat, sans revolver, juste avec ses mots. Évidemment, sa fiancée l'accompagnait. « Oh, tu vas me manquer, Tilia. » « Toi aussi, Becca. » « Tu pourrais nous accompagner. » Sa meilleure amie rit : « Et pour y faire quoi ? Non, cette terre me convient. Et que ferait un Texas Ranger à New-York ? » « Des catastrophes ? » « Certainement. » Oo*oO Toute la petite famille avait accompagné le jeune couple à la gare. Là, John s'accroupit face à Danny. « Danny, j'ai quelque chose pour toi. » « Ton chapeau ! » « Exact. » « Mais... » « Il est à toi, maintenant. Suis les traces de ton père, il est un véritable héros. » « D'accord. » Les deux frères échangèrent une accolade, John serra longuement Tilia contre lui. Il murmura : « Merci. » « De quoi ? » « De m'avoir fait grandir. » Elle sourit, l'embrassant sur la joue. « Prends bien soin de toi. » « Je le ferai. » « Adieu. » Elle recula, sentant le bras de Dan s'enrouler autour de sa taille. John et Becca finirent par entrer dans un wagon, leur faisant signe à la fenêtre. Ils y répondirent, voyant le train s'éloigner. Et quand il ne fut plus qu'un petit point noir, Dan enfonça le chapeau blanc sur la tête de son fils. Celui-ci s'exclama : « Hé ! Arrête ! Je vois plus rien ! » Tilia sourit et, enlacée par Dan, elle quitta la gare. Comme ils revenaient vers leur maison, elle crut entendre un hennissement et la voix d'un homme. Une voix qui disait : « Adieu, Kemosabe ». Elle secoua la tête. Ça devait être son imagination... ","Summary":" Life In The South Chapitre 1 Colby, Texas – 1869. C'était aujourd'hui. Aujourd'hui que John Reid re"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Chronicle: Martyr","Author":"Mischief Howl","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10552730","Passage":"[Chapter 1] One blue eye opened slowly. All a blur at first as his vision struggled to focus. Slowly but surely there was a white ceiling. He heard a faint sound of beeping. A heart monitor. Where the hell was he? His head throbbed and he noticed he couldn't see through his right eye at all. And when he tried to reach up to see if something was covering it- his arm was kept down. He heard the sound of metal clanking lightly against metal. Handcuffs? He tried his other arm and even his legs. The very same. His heart monitor went up some. And suddenly he remembered. It came like a sudden crash into his mind. It all came back, pain, suffering, grief, agony. Anything but happy emotions at all. Matt.. His cousin fighting him. Slamming him and his cousin against walls, through them, hitting the asphalt and roofs, throwing up cars to hit Matt. The fight in Seattle. His mind on fire, unable to stop. The anger and grief consumed him, he wanted everyone to suffer, those weaker than him to die. To know that they were prey. When he hit the street lamp and fell, hitting the car. Darkness consumed him for a moment. Yet he could hear, hear Matt. Matt was going to get him help, going to try and help him.. Or was it just to make him stop. His eyes opened again and looked at Matt's back. Matt was yelling that he needed help, that he was hurt. He looks at his arm, burnt badly and bleeding. It hurt but he slowly stood up again. And for a moment he was confused, but again he felt the need to defend himself. Surrounded by police. Slowly glass from the bulb from the lamp as well as the car windows that broke when he fell began to rise. A shot was fired and Matt screamed, blood leaking from his right hand. They shot him. \"Leave Me Alone!\" Andrew yelled and the cops and their cars were sent flying back. A pole hit another car and Matt ran and flew up, making Andrew follow him. Smashing through a sign and hitting buildings. The two were together, fighting before he hit a statue and Matt hit the concrete next to it. Lights from helicopters shined upon them and he screamed out as red dots shown on him and in his eyes, hurting them. \"No.. stop... no..\" He once again began to get up, using his arms to pull himself up. He breathes in and out hard, using his left arm to shield his eyes from the lights as he looked up. What was he doing? He didn't want this. He heard Matt screaming and telling him to stop. To not hurt them. His name being called. He staggered but stood. And hearing the words: Open Fire! Made him react on pure instinct. He instantly put up a barrier and the bullets were stopped, screaming in pain and feeling pain in his head, nose bleed barely noticeable. And he knelt down quickly, a force blowing dust up and pushing the cars back as well as the people. He was screaming now, glass cracking from windows, cars, cameras- Shattering. The singing was being heard in his head and all around him, louder than ever before. It was agonizing. He could barely hear the cries of Matt anymore. He couldn't stop. He wanted to but he couldn't. \"Andrew! Don't make me do this?\" His head felt like it was going to split. He wanted to scream for help. Do what, Matt? He couldn't stop. Couldn't Matt see it? And suddenly something went right through him. Knocking him off his feet. Pain and his eyes look down at the large spear sticking out of him and into the street. Blood turning the grey colored spear red and dripping onto the ground. His eyes widen. \"If you did that, you know what I'd have to do\" Seems he now knew what Matt had to do... Was he in some kind of Purgatory. Forced to replay this over and over without any hope of change? But he blacked out again, be it from what was pumping into his veins or just his body refusing to allow him to stay awake. His eyes slowly open to strange colored.. water? Or was that just the glass making it look so. He was floating. The water or whatever it was was oddly warm. A oxygen mask covered his nose and mouth and were connected at the top of the cell. He caught the blinking of a red light that showed every once in a while. He was being filmed. But.. He was dead, wasn't he? Shouldn't he be at peace with his.. Mother. He couldn't think straight. It hurt to think. His eyes looking down. \"Subject 0003 is awakening.. His mind is showing signs again that he is alive and gaining consciousness.- Oh god, his eyes opened\" ..? He heard the man's voice. Light, a little shaky and had a stutter. But he couldn't focus. His eyes just looked down. \"You have your orders. Keep him asleep. We could lose him- The wound is showing signs of healing but the internal injuries can bring consequence..\" He could hear their voices. This one was cold and uncaring. But Andrew couldn't try to even think of anything more before he breathed in a smell that he knew was bad. But he couldn't react and soon it was darkness again. Subject 0003. Andrew Detmer. Was forced into a coma-like state. Making sure he wouldn't re-awaken. But there are times he did awake from it. Only for a minute and was put under again. The doctors feared him as they examined him. Fearing even in this state, Andrew could harm them. Finally they left him alone in the cell. Allowing his wound to heal. They still had questions as to why he was alive and had these powers. He was nothing like Subject 0002. Nothing at all like that one. They wanted to unlock the answers that could lead to immortality and these powers. And how Andrew and the other two boys had managed to have lived through what had happened. And the found footage they had recovered from an anonymous person in Tibet. It was now the year of 2014. Two and a half years after the incident. And they had come up with no answers. And wouldn't risk waking up the Subject. They could barely keep the cells of the other two strong enough. And this Subject was to different. Had his mind in tact. Richard Detmer swore up and down that he never thought that the little fuck was a real freak. In the end, he was charged with child abuse to the full extant. And even if he did leave prison, no one would dare look at him the same again. There was another question that also remained. How has Andrew survived such a blow, yet the other. Steve Montgomery had not. Theories went that it was because of the maturity in powers. The longer the three had at developing their power. The faster and stronger they can get. In Andrew's case he had more power than the other two. Steve had unlocked the ability to fly. And Matt, he seemed to hesitate in using his power. Making him weaker than the other two. And since the battle that took place in Seattle two years ago proved it more. Because Andrew should've been dead from the gas explosion and the battle should've killed him as well. And yet, he was breathing and alive in that cell. Hooked up to machines that made sure that he remained a non-threat. There were just so many questions. To many. And they have yet to find a trace of Matt Garetty. He has been helping people by witness reports and some camera footage that appears on Youtube and other websites. Which is quickly removed from the site. No one was to ever know it happened. That it was just a movie. Nothing more. And they were very happy that there were actors that happened to resemble the boys. And Seattle was quickly silenced, never allowed to tell. Those that try get laughed at or in trouble. It was just to be seen as a Found-Footage Movie. Nothing more. Just a entertainment thing. No person will ever know of the truth. That there were people with power, that there were ways to become stronger. They refused to have another Apex Predator. Andrew would be the first and last.. And Andrew's one blue eye opened again. And this time, no one was around to see he was awake. Even the brain waves looked like he was still asleep. And he waited, pretending the drug still had an effect. That his body had built up an immunity to it. His body had healed but remained sore. Scars were all over his arms and legs as well as some parts of his body, neck and slightly along the right side of his face, where his right eye was a more grey color and he couldn't see as great through it. That was a sign that the healing process can only go so far. He bided his time. He had heard and listened, unable to fight back. Being weak and that in turn made him know who next to turn his wrath upon. But he waited for the right time to escape. And escape he shall...[Chapter 2] It was barely noticeable at first. She hadn't noticed until she was at an angle. But it was not a trick of her eyes and she knew full well it wasn't there before. There was a crack in the glass of Subject 0003's room. It was odd and a little discomforting to her but she presses the green button. Under the green was the close. Just three presses and it'd lock, release gas in the room and alert the staff. They took caution with these... beings. She couldn't entirely call them human anymore. None of them can. They were different. The found-footage proved as much. There was indeed some people in the world with Telekinesis but none like this. Not even close. Impossible to reach this point. She looks at the clipboard. Like the name would change. Like somehow the answers will pop up. He had a check mark in a box that read the word: Impetus. A name that one of the professionals called one of these Telekinetics. There so far seemed to be three classes. Subject Detmer was a Impetus. Meaning he had more power, more force over the other classes. So far, Matthew, up to this date was in Tibet. In public and helping people from disasters. Be it burning buildings, robbery, or even the dam breaking. They couldn't go in and take him away. So they made sure no one outside of Tibet knew of him. Why couldn't they? The public would make sure to make his existence known. The people were stronger than those that try to keep them from the truth. Matthew Garrety was a Guardian over the people. Having changed his ways of selfishness and caring for himself from the Seattle Incident. His power was defending and protecting. And last was Steve Montgomery. The one that discovered that they could fly. Speed was his power, flight was his power, as well as the intelligence. And the name for his power was Aras. Now for the one they currently held in another cell. It seemed to listen to sounds that they currently couldn't hear. The original name was Tiana Ilia from Texas. A college student that found herself being drawn into an abandoned area. What happened was unknown But when she returned. Her family was lured back there and disappeared. No sign of their existence was left. She was contained by police and were questioned. But, she made no sound, not a peep. Just stared ahead with no emotion in her eyes. At least until suddenly she attacked the cop that was questioning her. She lifted him off the ground and smashed him into the window. Blood all over the mirror window. What they saw was a girl that moved her hand up and suddenly he was thrown. Like something out of a sci-fi film. They stepped in and took her away. Containing her and studying her. She was different. Her mind was, well, not her's anymore. Her brain waves were to strange, like above human. They would've had no idea either that there were three others that possessed the telekinesis. Nor have they had met them. They had gotten a burst of reading on one of their computer monitors. There was one of them in Seattle. But what they found was.. odd. It was coming from a hole and the readings were getting lower and lower, they were lucky to have gotten to the destination before the energy reading died. The location was Haven Hills Farm. Abandoned. Isolated thank goodness. But it was strange. No one was around at all. Not a sign. Well, the one thing that stood out (after exploring the farm) was the clearing past some trees. There was a hole. The hole was odd and went down deep. So after some monitoring the hole and what was within. They had decided the cave it in. But first they found something else that was strange. There was a rave a few weeks ago and that could be the only connection, but there lay a camera or what was left of it. It was broken up and the film was missing. Pieces from near outside to almost all the way in led the way. They chose to sink it in so no one could think of looking inside. The camera was broken and doubted anyone could trace whom it belonged to since all the damage it had. The had claimed to the police that the ground was unstable and no one was to be around. Pretty much a sink hole. It was a plan now to dig what ever the thing was out. The readings were dead but still there was the hope in learning more of whatever was down there. Three boys were standing around the hole. Strange but, whatever. They were warned and agreed to leave. Now it all made sense as to why they were there. And here Detmer lie, scarred and drugged. They left Richard to the mercy of the police and at least presented enough evidence at what he had done to his son. Needless to say, no one gave him pity when he pulled the fact he had lost his wife. They made sure to make him miserable. Not the police, everyone. No one looked at him the same. Just disgust and hatred. Some even wished that Matt didn't save him. He deserved no such mercy. She looked at the heart monitor. Still impressed how he healed and honestly lived through everything that's happened. Suddenly there was a cracking sound and she turned quickly. The window began to show cracks and she felt sudden pressure on her. She was suddenly thrown and hit the wall hard, knocking the air out of her and was sure she heard a crack. Her eyes blink and look up, seeing double but what she saw terrified her. He sat up. His eyes slowly open and lets out a scream of agony as the IV is taken out. Which he quickly covers up with the cotton and tape. It hurt him from the scream of agony he made, or his body wasn't all that healed or just the mental memory. While what had happened was a few years ago, the memory remains fresh in Detmer's mind. She was to scared to move, for it may draw his attention. But she had to warn someone. Everything began to be pulled towards him. The camera most of all and his eyes.. eye looks at it. His right eye remained clouded over, blind from the looks of it. But his left eye focused on the camera.. like it was the most amazing thing in the world. And it was torn from the very wall and floated to the boy. Some blood shown on the cotton as he began to throw things at the window with a force that broke the things. From monitors to just wires. And finally the window gave way. And once she moved, his eye turns to her in a glare. Teeth showing in a snarl like some animal. \"What is this place?!\" His voice was awful to hear, hoarse and looked like he struggled to talk. It's been two and a half-years without him talking, it surprised her that he could. And suddenly she was lifted up and felt the pressure of being slowly crushed. \"WHERE. AM. I?!\" He roared finally and she couldn't breath, she was gaping like a fish out of water. And the pressure was lifted off her but she couldn't move. Suddenly the alarm went off and he looks up at the red flashing light. He held his ears in pain and ran out of the door before the gas came in and he was running down the hall. He had let her live cause the alarm scared him. He ran, ignoring the pain of his muscles protesting at the fact he was running. And finally he made himself lift off the ground. Subject 0002 pressed against the glass, looking at the hall, able to feel the power. She finally tried to kick and punch hard at the door. She had to get out. She had to. And she saw him fly almost past and suddenly stop and look at her. Can he feel her? 'Who's she?' She heard the thought and blinks her brown eyes. 'What class are you?' She tried to think her thoughts to him. No response. 'Who are you?' No sound. No answer, but the energy remained. And with a brow furrowed, he was gone and so was the energy feeling. And a camera was oddly following him. He didn't understand why there was a girl just.. staring at him with confused eyes. The alarms and flashes going off quickly got him back to his senses as he fled, leaving the girl. He could sense another power, the same feeling while being in that hole and after returning when it sunk in. Suddenly men in armor and guns were appearing out of no where. Some reporting that Subject 0003 was escaping! That must mean him. The shots were fired and hit an unseen barrier. He let the.. darts drop to his bare feet. Longer, more ragged bangs going over the glaring blue and clouded eyes. And he suddenly had them in his hold. And they screamed out but sickening snaps of bond were heard as their component parts were separated. Blood splattering in a mess on the walls, ceiling and floor. He stood there, uncaring about what he had done. He was off again, finally ripping his way through walls, breaking through each room and killing any that stood in his way. Even those that huddled in horror at the scarred and bloody hospital wearing male. To Andrew, this was right after the fight with Matthew, he had to get out, had to crush them in his way, had to get away. He ignored those that begged for their pathetic lives. No one showed him mercy or kindness, so why bother showing them? He had to see his mother, had to see her. Maybe.. maybe there was a way he can revive her, somehow there was a way. How long had he been out? \"Mom I'm coming!\" He called out and the last wall gave way to the glaring sun that hurt his eye something terrible. His arm shields his eyes and a sudden pain and numbing sensation hit the low on his back. He looks back at a man in a white lab coat. But Andrew made himself lift off the ground and fly at a speed he never knew he could do. No idea where he was, not knowing how far he was from home. On and on he flew. Refusing to let the numbness overtake his mind. He was aching, in pain, his brain straining and nose bleeding. He refused to stop. He felt like he was flying for hours until he caught sight of the Space Needle. Home. But he was sure it was to late to save his mother, way to late and he was to exhausted to have helped. He sobbed in the air, flying on.. The sun had long gone down and the city lights were illuminating. The destruction was cleaned up, like it had all been a bad dream. Everything was normal.. How? Wasn't it just been at least a day or two? His mind went black and he lost his will to fly. Diving down into the neighborhood below. And landed hard in cold water. Which the impact knocked him clear out cold if he wasn't already. And hurt his body all the more, slowly sinking to the bottom of the pool he luckily.. or unluckily landed in. Another splash was soon heard and he felt his body get pulled up and out of the pool. And a pressure that pushed on his chest. He coughs hard, coughing up the chlorine water. But he barely opened his eyes. \"Andrew? Oh my god- How?\" The voice was female, so far away though. Andrew could say or do nothing. The tranquilizer was working and the impact helped. But he knew, felt whoever this was was trying to help him. She brought him inside quickly. She had heard what sounded like a car plunging into her pool. She had not ever thought to have seen a familiar face instead. She removed his drenched hospital gown and wrapped him up in all the towels she could find in her house. \"D-do you think he will be mad when he wakes up?\" Came another female's voice. \"Go home Casey, I will be with him. It's the least I can do. I wouldn't blame him for being angry.. But my question is: How's he alive and what's more, where has he been- dear god he's skin and bones-\" She saw the blood on his arm. An IV most likely. Where has he been all this time? He would wake up with warm blankets wrapped around him and some food on the coffee table. He was in a warm house and he can smell the scent of apple pie. It was more inviting than he believed. He shifted up and growled at the pain in his arm and in his head. And he heard a sound which made him get up another barrier. And who he saw shocked him. There she stood, looking at him with her surprised blue eyes. Holding a slice of pie in a plate. Her dark hair messy and longer... and no longer dyed other colors. \"Andrew.. You're-\" She suddenly felt her ribs tighter and caused her to drop the pie. He was going to kill her?! \"P-Please- Let me talk!\" \"...\" His arm lowered and released his hold on her, allowing her to drop and cough-gasp in the air he took from her. \"Talk, Monica.\" He stated, eye glaring into her's. She should be dead, she had humiliated and told the whole school about his fuck up. \"Where am I?!\" She breathes in quickly and looks up at him. He looked a bit taller, but she now questioned if this was really Andrew. The scars, the eye weren't what made him different. It was the look he gave. Not the scared, tired and sad look he always had at school, not the happy, confident look either. Just... He was so angry, full of rage. \"Y-You're in Seattle. You're safe I swear, b-but where'd you come from? How've you been hiding this long?\" This long? A week was so long- And he noticed the calendar on the wall next to the ebony colored fridge. Under the happy little cat picture was the date. 2014?! \"The fuck?!\" He looks at it. \"Tell me this is some kind of joke. I've only been gone a week, hell maybe even a month- Not two and a half years!\" \"It's true, Andrew. You were gone for two and a half years! I swear it.. We need to know where you've been? The SWAT took your body away and lost track of Matthew...\" She was desperate for answers now. She could still feel the hold around her, threatening her. It didn't squeeze, it was just known. \"... Tell me everything and I might have a reason to let you live\" \"Y-Yes I will tell you. But first, please eat something. You need to-\" \"Don't tell me what to do!\" He snapped. \"I'm not. I just want you to. I am not telling you to. I want you to eat at least a little. You are so skinny, Andrew.\" She was not like the popular people anymore. No one was like they were, even Wayne wasn't. After all that happened.. It was new, but it wasn't all that improved. \"I will show you what I know.. the rest you can fill me in\" She stood up on her legs and made her way to a box that had DVD's and Blu-Rays and took out a blu-ray. \"What's that?\" He looks at the thing for a moment as she gives it to him. He took it and looks it over. It read Chronicle. And he saw the Space Needle and the three silhouettes that were flying. \"What is...?\" And he looked on the back of it and nearly dropped it. There they were- Andrew, Steve and Matt.. It was them! \"This is your story...\" Note: Sorry this took so long. I hope this is okay. Will try to do a better chapter next time and upload it faster.[Chapter 3] The movie.. it was shocking and he held his legs up to his chest. Finally sitting down close to Monica. But not to close, as if afraid she'd pull something. She thought at least. She tried to focus on the footage. She had seen it before. She was sure even Wayne had, all the bullies. They could never atone for what they did. They didn't know Andrew was suffering so much.. And they just built on it, adding more. She saw his face, it was scarred, but not as bad as it looked. Maybe it will fade, but she was worried about his eye. She, Monica, was worried over Andrew. Never had she thought of that. But, in the end, this was her fault to. He had threw up on her.. She called him a freak and stormed out. Rethinking, it disgusted her. He was scared and nervous. She should've expected him to have vomited. And she should've just washed up and told him it was okay. But instead.. It sickened her own stomach to this day. Andrew just watched, eyes focused on the movie. Sometimes saying something. And shook some whenever Steve came on screen. They were laughing, having fun. Andrew had a power that no one had. He had the power to get revenge. Finally Andrew began to cry when Steve was struck by lightning. He forgot she was there as he shook like a little boy once again. She couldn't help it. She put her arms around him and hung onto him. He growled at her and forced her back with an unseen barrier. \"Don't touch me-\" \"Did I hurt you?\" \"Wh-\" \"The burns- Did I hurt you?\" \"... No\" Was his reply. He resumed the cold look. She breathes out some as she watched the movie. It was an insult among all things, but again, who could blame the people. They didn't want to cause a panic that there were stronger, more dangerous... more greater species. And yet, in the end.. Andrew's rage and pain.. Who could blame him? He was in so much grief and wasn't a sound mind.. Never had she felt so bad in her life when the incident happened and the movie. Wayne had been regretting it, no matter how much he did.. it was unforgivable. And she could feel Andrew shaking beside her. Steve was killed.. accidentally. Yet, Andrew could control the weather in his distress. She slowly puts an arm around him and she felt the unseen barrier. \"We were.. made sure that the truth never surfaced. Money exchanged and..\" \"They made this into a goddamned fucked to shit movie. Like what happened was just special effects and fucking wires!\" He yelled in a voice Monica had never heard before in her life since she known of him. The death of his mother... it must've made him indeed snap. \"But.. but people had taken your body away\" She felt like an idiot to go to another subject. \"You were.. impaled\" \"The pain was there and gone. But I am alive. How and why I guess is up to you. But maybe I am stronger then death itself-\" \"I wouldn't jinx it if I were you.. I mean, it could've been a one time thing... Um, Casey would want to know where-\" \"Don't even say his name. I don't know or care where he is.. Tibet if the 'movie' has that much truth in it\" Andrew cut her off, not wanting to take anything any further. To be near the one that was such a bitch to him was beyond his own understanding. Maybe just a need for human companionship.. What did Matt say in his idiotic philsophy? No Man's An Island? God, kill him now for thinking of him. Monica got up and took the plate. \"I will get you something to eat.. You look like you can use some more pie... or a hard drink\" She mumbled the last part. She made her way too the kitchen and opened the fridge. It was days and days of careful talking and careful touching until Monica was able to talk with him without the fear of him snapping at her, his powers crushing something, or worse go back into his shell and remain silent for the whole day. She managed to get him out of the hospital gown and bandages. There was no point to get more bandages since his body was healed and she managed to get some cloths for him. Buying just the average cloths. He had suggested a hoodie and pants over all. She guessed he needed to hide his scars. She also had got some make up for his scarred cheek. Just finding his complexion without him there was tough. She thought him as a wild creature.. Or a fragile one. Both unpredictible and breakable. She managed to bring him outside finally. Only at night and dressed good enough so no one would notice him. Seattle was.. different to Andrew. It was almost cold. With a feel of fear and uncertainty in the air. At first it isn't noticable but look hard enough and you will notice. Everything from the fight was fixed, almost as if it never happened. But to him, it was all fresh. The screams, the glass cracking, the cars flying and crashing onto other cars and people.. and the pain. The singing.. like ringing in his ears. It all was so fresh and he was sure truly that his hometown would never be the same. While the world knew his footage to be that of a movie- The people of Seattle knew it to be true. Witnessed it. Saw it on the news and knew it not to be a stunt. Some people probably in the world believed it was real as well due to some Social sites that had video of Andrew and Matthew before it was taken down. He wouldn't know for sure though, probably never will. Monica watched him take it all in. She had tried to avoid the spot where Andrew was impaled upon the spear. But in the end, they found their way to it. Seattle Cultural and Community Center. The statue had been fixed. The spear held high as if ready to throw it at it's prey. Andrew's eyes focused on it and she could hear a crack in the stone. But nothing more. He was holding back. But for who's sake? His own? She didn't know nor did she dare ask. His camera was held in his hand, filming nothing out of the ordinary. His eyes fixating on the statue that was fixed. It felt ironic really. He called himself and Apex Predator and he got impaled by a spear- A memory that made his scar ache. To destroy this thing felt like a great idea but he just left it be. He walked with her, eyes focusing on things while he held his camera close to him. It was the same one he had taken from the area he had escaped. Since it hit the water with him it didn't work at all. It was just there. A comfort thing for him. Passing the high school was where he glared at the building. Bad memories and.. well the windows cracked and shattered suddenly which freaked out everyone nearby it or inside. It showed he still had his power. Able to control it. \"You've been avoiding the street\" His voice broke her thoughts. She was silent. He was right about it. She was avoiding his home for good reason. Very good reason. She didn't want him leveling the whole street. \"It's for your and the street's sake.\" Was her reply. A low, almost whispered reply. His fogged eye focused on her for the first time and it was glaring with his blue eye. And the terrible silence told her she did the wrong thing when it felt right. \"We need to cut your hair\" She broke the silence finally? \"Why?\" He asked just as some strands of hair got in his eyes which he brushed away. Point taken. His hair was much longer after these years. It had a more of a wavy look in some places. He sat there, eating some Pringles chips, stuffing his mouth full without much of a care. \"Come to the bathroom..\" Once he got up and came into the bathroom, he settled down on the edge of the cream colored bath tub/shower. Awaiting it quite patiently. She got to cutting his hair with a pair of scissors she used for cutting some of her fabric she used at times for her cloths in case they tore in some places. She cut his hair the way she remembered it. Short but so soft, almost like kitten fur. She did notice him shift some on her first few snips. He didn't like the sounds she guessed. \"It's okay\" His eyes narrow and glare ahead and it was silent. \"Done\" She broke the silent after a bit. He looks at the mirror and he felt his hair as if in shock at what he saw. It was almost the same as before. Some places were different but it was how his hair was before. His eye, clouded over, blind. His other their normal color. It was him.. yet the burn scar on his cheek that stretched down his neck and goes to conceal itself under his shirt. It wasn't him. \"I'm taking a shower, okay?\" He finally said, as if the water would wash everything away. \"I'm leaving.\" He said that night at dinner. Staring down at the corn and the half eaten chicken breast. She looks at him. \"Why?\" \"Matt claimed to be trying to find what happened to us in that hole. I think I should search to- Not be anywhere near him. So don't get Casey's hopes up.\" \"You want answers. Even we do, Drew-\" \"Don't call me that\" He growls at her. \"-Andrew. We want to know what it was that happened.. If there are more or some crap.. If there are.. would you allow a repeat of this all?\" \"No. It won't happen again, I will make sure of it.\" He didn't think of that. What if there were more? Many more? He had to go back there.. to where it all began. To see if he could feel it, to remember it. Every bit. The singing, the blue stone that glew red.. the memory.. \"Only one Apex Predator huh?\" She rehatoricaly asked coldly, unintentionally. \"Let's get you some more stuff before you do go..\" And to make sure he doesn't go back to the house. Anything to not make an incident happen. If he did make one scene then she was sure every law person and FBI bullshit will be all over it. Just all they need again. Secrets, no answers, money and all the casualties.. It was not hard to get just the right clothing. He would be going cold places he was sure. And also flight at such a high height was cold. And some canned food and water bottles. It was oddly cheap. He stood there with his thick coat and pants. And he leapt up into the sky at a speed that she thought would be impossible. And disappeared into the darkness of the night just as snowflakes began falling down. \"Good luck, Detmer\" She whispers to the cold winter. Hazel brown eyes open and his head lifted from the pillow, sitting up in the bed. He looks around the room for a few minutes, questioning what woke him. It wasn't even dawn yet. He tried to think back. A dream. \"Andrew...\" He whispers as he rubs his forehead as a slowly growing headache started to come up.. Just another bad dream probably, of that night.. Notes: Sorry this chapter probably wasn't that good. But the next chapter may be better. Thank you for reading it all so far[Chapter 4] The landing cracking the hard asphalt from the force, an uncaring force at that. His eyes look at the area that stirred up a sad feeling in him. But not for the stones or the lost souls that he swore surrounded him, begging him that fell on deaf ears, begging for help that the living cannot help.. or at least what he couldn't do. He walks silently in the seemingly lonely place where he held his head up high for no one. He was searching for one thing... one stone he had to see. If only to confirm it. And finally after what seemed like a month of searching he found it. It lay beside other members he could care less about and he lowered himself to his knees in front of one grave... \"Mom\" He whispers. His heart ached harder when he read her name over the stone. She didn't deserve this.. she deserved better, much better. But perhaps all felt that when they're here. At least no one blamed her for having a son with powers. That was good that no one dared so much as tag her grave. He looks around and there he saw some roses growing probably for the public- and he tore the roses away, and placed the red and cream colored roses on the grave. \"I'm sorry I couldn't help you mom. I tried.\" He silently began to cry in the dark and cold of the cemetery. Finally he made himself stand and began to walk too another grave. One more rose in his hand. His camera recording the whole way through, reasons unknown. \"Hey Steve.. Sorry I've been gone for a while-\" His eyes look at the flowers. He was loved and wanted. Nothing like his mother's who had nothing. \"I don't know- why I'm alive and you aren't\" He couldn't help but cry. Like he had done before, cry for forgiveness those few years ago. \"It's been some years.. but the memory is t-to fresh. I want you here-\" \"You know dada?\" The tiny voice was what broke Andrew from his moment of weakness and his head snapped quickly to see a tiny child that looked up at him with eyes that nearly froze the telekinetic on the spot. \"... Dear, come here.. slowly\" Another voice came which made Andrew look up slowly. \"Samatha..?\" This was Steve's girlfriend at one time he was sure. If his memory served correctly. Seems she moved on quickly. \"Devin come on..\" The child looks up at Andrew though, and for a moment Andrew felt something. Something he had not felt before. Like a little pull.. like while he was with Steve and Matt during the time at school. \"Better go back to your mother-\" \"Don't you dare talk to him you monster!\" She was a mother in fear for her child's life. Yet he glared at her which made her silence herself. \"Who's is he? Tell me right now\" His teeth grit. Samantha quickly ran for her little boy and picked him up, never taking her eyes off him. \"He's Steve's.. Stay away, you won't kill him to!\" He looks at the now shaking child who began to stream tears, not understanding. And he knew right there. This boy had Steve's power.. their power. And it actually made his heart sink more. Would they show or have they already shown? \"I didn't kill him. I never me-meant to..\" And he launched himself into the air and into the sky, making sure the child Devin witnessed it. Probably showing that if any power did show, that he wasn't alone. \".. Is it in our DNA now?\" It felt like a confirmation that they were the next step in evolution. Still this was Steve's son. And thanks to the strange sense he felt, it was true, no lie in the least. But being called a monster or have her stand against him forced him to fly away like a scared little bird. If she didn't have a child he would've gladly made her flat as the asphalt. He at least now had enough anger deep in him that stirred him too the spot Monica tried to keep him away from. He looks at the home. Actually a bit more kept, like repainted and there were actual nice trees looking recently planted. A fence around it probably for safety precautions. Something he could care less about. The littering in the neighborhood sure didn't become any less either. His fingers brush over the multi-colored Merry-Go-Round, feeling the memories come back of his mother spinning around with him and swinging him on the swing set. The graffiti and tagged art remained on the wooden benches. Home Sweet Home. And he looks back at the destination right across the street. His arm stretched out and with a grabbing hold of his hand and yank back- the front door tore easily from it's hinges and he took his time walking in, ignoring the scream of the man that had beaten him for so long... But inside was something he hoped he didn't expect. A man holding his two children close to him, gun pointed shakingly at the one that posed a threat. Their eyes meet and they stare for a long time. Fear meeting confusion- \"I'm sorry..\" He turned quickly and raced out into the street, flying off as quick as he could in a new panic. He was a idiot, he just revealed himself... twice! \"Dammit Andrew\" He growls. So Richard did do the wise thing and leave. He hoped at least. Couldn't exactly tear down every house in Seattle. \"What's wrong, Matt?\" She asked as she sat down a plate that had a short stack of buttermilk pancakes in front of him. \"You seem like you've got little sleep\" \"Just another headache\" He breathes out a sigh. It was strange. This was the second time and this time he had to fight the nosebleed he suddenly had. It was confusing and for a second he thought it was just due to the cold or something. But it wasn't the same, usually nosebleeds stop quicker but this didn't. \"Thanks for breakfast\" \"Are you going to finally mail that letter to your parents?\" She asked this twice a month. Not to be annoying in the least. Just to somehow encourage him to send the letter he hasn't sent in three plus years. He remade it so many times he had gone through a whole composition book. Explaining things or telling them he was okay. But things were so complicated. \"I want to.. but I cannot. It's hard telling them things they may not understand, you know?\" She lowers her eyes. She had met Matt after he returned from Korea. He had claimed to have actually stopped a dam burst and fixed the dam.. Unbelieveable until she saw a video on his phone. Downloaded from Youtube before it was taken down. He told her and showed her some things with a pride any super hero would have. And her, being kind and uncaring about being caught by the most wanted man. Nothing else exciting was going on with her life and him telling her things didn't really matter to her. She actually was intrigued. The years of showing he existed must of made the Government very annoyed. So many videos of him saving people and stopping disasters with a hint of arrogance and enjoyment at the cheers of the people he saved. All taken down to hide that the world now had powerful people here. People outside of the States knew more of the truth of Matt and were always overjoyed to see his shadow cast over them in his flight when he goes on to save another town or village. Only some in the States knew of Matt and the truth behind Chronicle. And now she knew to and believed he, Andrew, and Steve were never meant for anything to happen. He ate his pancakes slower than before, thinking. He heard the singing-like sound in his ears when he wasn't using his power. Was something going wrong? Maybe this power was finally to much for his brain. It did worry him but also he felt a tad peaceful. Maybe there were also indeed others like him. Yet they never bothered to contact him. Probably for themselves or something. Far off, further from the two cousins- In a garage- was a blue flame of the plasma torch cutting through some metal. \"... I will show them. I will show them..\" A female's voice behind the metal mask spoke. A cracked voice, a sign she may have been crying or was currently crying under the mask. Behind her a tv shown with different video clips. Some familiar, some not. A figure flying slowly in the air before flying off at a speed that no way the wind could cause nor a prank from some kids with to much time on their hands. Her head turns and took a glance of the Seattle Fight in the movie. \"I will show them all..\"[Chapter 5] Her eyes inspect over the damaged room. The bit of blood on the floor from the IV the Subject 0002 forced out of him. The broken window. It was interesting. \"How could he have awakened? How can he have escaped..?\" \"It's body.\" Another, icier voice corrected her. \"It's body built up a resistance Easy as that. Whether it waited or it just happened is what I wonder.\" It. She lowered her eyes at that word. This man, almost everyone in this facility refused to believe that the Subjects were human. They refused to accept that they once were. She guessed it was easier that way. That it was a fear that perhaps what the quote from the footage. 'just evolution and natural selection' Something humans were both for and against. Mostly against nowadays. \"He spared the girl though. How is she holding up?\" \"You can see her. She is shaken up pretty bad.\" She walks past the man, glancing at his name tag on his lab coat. She knew names more then faces and she knew this guy was lowly. Darren. Claiming he is doing the greater good, the good of humanity. She shook her head some when she was out of his line of sight. Her fingers pressed at the door before she pulled it open and got a little startled gasp out of her before calming herself again. \"You're still safe\" The girl lowers her eyes shaking and mumbling. \"What's that? I didn't catch that?\" \"H-He w-will make sure we pay\" She whispers. \"His eyes. Th-They.. my god.. they saw me as not a human.. he looked at me with such a...\" \"A predatory glare?\" After a nod, she continued. \"You were a bit new to this. He is Subject 0003. Claimed to be an apex predator. Yet he didn't harm you which I guess is a sign of his humanity.\" \"The camera-\" \"Yes it was missing I've noticed\" \"He saw it before he s-saw me.. He was almost mesmerized by it, like some lifeline or a thing that w-was missing from his life..\" She shook his head. \"He loves filming, it became a type of obsession with him. I believe he still has that. Meaning we can perhaps catch him that way. One upload or sight and he's going to be back here-\" The nurse interrupted with a shake of her head. \"He would kill us all. He doesn't even know what has happened to him. He was confused where he was. But one move and he.. he held me in place. Despite his glare and how hoarse his voice was. He has no idea where he was.\" \"Subject 0003 is unlike Subject 0002- I noticed them exchange looks in the camera feed. But obviously no bond was formed. He isn't attached, none of the three boys were that encountered the arcane crystal..\" The girl pulls her knees up to her chest. \"Are they really like this? All of them?\" \"Yes. Violent, deadly. Unpredictable. They are not humans any longer as soon as they meet the arcane crystal. They are doomed to it-\" \"I-I'd appreciate if I can take at least a day off?\" She silently looked at the girl for a moment. Taking her in. She was held by the telekinetic force of Andrew, but there was no sign of illness, nothing off about her, just the fear and terror that somehow he would come and kill her. \"I will notify Darren, you will be given the time you need. You have been cleared, nothing in your bloodstream or brain.\" She replied finally when she picked up the board and scanned over it. \"Trish! Ms. Trish!\" Came a much younger voice as a young man turned the corner and breathed out quickly. \"W-We- Oh I'm sorry am I interrupting?\" \"No, go right ahead.\" \"We've located Subject 0003. He was last seen in Seattle, Washington with a girl. And there's been a few reports of him at a cemetary and breaking, entering and quickly leaving his old home!\" \"Seattle. Doubt he'd be there now.. But we will see the reporters and find out who the girl is. Thank you for your time\" He beamed at her with eyes lit up as he walks past her, clearly she just made his day a little bright. He was just hired around a month ago and he shown his loyalty more then once which he enjoys being praised for. \"We need to bring the girl in.\" She walks into where Darren was. \"If she had aided in Subject 0003..\" \"If she aided.. we must bring her in and make sure she tells us where the thing's location is\" He looks at the screen of Andrew walking with the girl with a disgusted look on his face. \"Last thing we need is more of these freaks wandering around.\" She could only nod in agreement. She had to accept that the boy on screen may look like them, may once have been like them, but as soon as the three boys discovered their powers, they were no longer human, no longer to be seen as such. \"He is to be brought back at all costs. The longer he stays out in the open, the more casualties will come up- What of his cousin.. Matthew Garetty\" \"He is smart. He never stays in one place, but he is always there when disaster strikes. He is the least of our worries. Andrew Detmer on the other hand. We know his destructive nature, I'm just happy he hasn't tried anything yet... Find the girl as soon as possible and if she resists we drag her here kicking and screaming...\" Matthew sat in the deli, trying to read at the translator in an attempt to figure out how to order a sandwich. \"Why couldn't I have gained the power to know every language in the world?\" He grumbled. He ordered finally and after a few questionable looks and corrections, the word seemed to get through and he had to breathe a sigh of relief. Today he didn't have Stephanie to help him translate due to her doing her own work. Also he needed some time alone to think. He thought back of the dream. The dream where he felt it. The fear, the rage, the confusion. The hallway, the blaring of sirens that nearly killed his eardrums. And- the girl.. The girl who looked at him- no, she wasn't looking at him. The reflection shown that it wasn't Matt.. it was Drew, his cousin.. or the shadow of him. The burns were scarred. He looked like almost skin and bones.. A pitiful sight to see even if it was for a mere second- The sandwich was placed before him that broke him from the image that threatened to burn itself in his mind. It was a horrible dream, nothing more. Yet the singing in his ears when he woke up to where he ate breakfast concerned him. What if something was happening? It was overlooked at first, not noticed mostly due to it happens often now. A bank robbery and the culprit got away. What made it noticeable was when a whole town was rampaged through by.. a woman with strange equipment on her arms and.. well suddenly she began moving her arms up, and the cars were lifted into the air and thrown hard around. The screams happened but went on unconcerned. And the social media was all over it, covering it live as those that filmed either was fleeing or hiding. \"It's like Andrew from Chronicle or some shit guys!\" One video had someone whisper it in the dark and it was uploaded as soon as the car came smashing through the building. Oddly enough the two cousins just happened to see a television at that exact moment, both had their eyes wide with shock and confusion. Matt just stared at the screen. \"W-What the hell?\" Why was this happening suddenly? Andrew looks at the screen. Just like Andrew from Chronicle. Those words made him all the more bitter. Once again feeling that the world made his life out to be fictional- The car smashing through and the footage was lost. But the fact remained.. a sudden telekinetic appearing and, well, wrecking havoc out of the blue? That was confusing. Worse on Matt's perspective that they were obviously killing people. Uncaring by the looks of it and she showed no sign of stopping- And just like that, it was over. The news would talk about it for a few days. But to Andrew and Matt it looked like.. practice for lack of a better word. Nothing like what they did in the backyard or at the store, with them they just were having fun. They didn't dare do this.. Andrew had but that was much later on when Matt ignored his pain and ignored him.. a regret he's come to accept and that's why he helped people now. But what was this person? Everyone talked about it. Recalling the Chronicle telekinesis and the resemblance in it. But the people of Seattle that saw it were sent into a state of unease at the memory that they were forced to be silent about. Meanwhile in Seattle, Monica heard the knock on the door and when she opened it she received a slap from none other than Samantha. \"What the-\" She held her cheek that stung. \"How DARE you help that freak! How could you help him when he murdered Steve!?\" She knew all to well now why she was mad about it and she glared daggers at him. \"You know full well that was an accident, you saw Andrew's footage!\" \"Don't say his name! He doesn't deserve to be called a name! He killed him! Him saying it was an accident is a lie-\" She was clearly still in hysterics and depression at the fact her boyfriend was dead. \"-Wait! How did you know I helped him?\" \"I reported him in and they told me they saw you with him! How could you help the likes of him?\" Monica now no longer cared about Samantha's outburst. \"You.. reported him? To who? We are supposed to be silent about the incident\" \"Believe me. I found a way to report him. He deserves no less and you helped him.. Who knows, maybe you are a freak to\" \"If I was I'd have torn that damned tongue of yours out! He is no freak, he was broken and hurting.. and he still suffers from it! The scars he has are nothing next to the scars we mentally forced onto him. He was bullied everywhere he went, abused and he was probably broken..\" She walks back inside her home and began to pack. \"I gotta leave. Clearly you didn't think any of this through.. have you not seen the torture people are forced through?\" Monica ignored her yells as she quickly packs. But she realized to late that some people were waiting for her. \"Monica. If you would like to come with us..\" She turned and fear filled her and they grabbed her roughly and dragged her out, fighting and yelling out. Mostly cursing Samantha's name. Samantha watched uncaring. Anyone that helped her love's murderer deserved all that was coming.. \"Monica has been captured and is ready for interrogation\" \"Does she have any.. signs?\" \"No, no powers and no sign of pregnancy. She is safe\" \"Good good, but not talking I'm assuming.\" \"She claims to not know where he is. And she seems to be telling the truth.\" \"We will know soon enough. I think we should tell her the dangers these things pose. How they sure aren't our friends.\" Monica would be in for a history lesson she would refuse to believe. No matter what they did she knew that Andrew was a nice person and that something happened, a power he couldn't control fully.. a power where he can protect himself. She never can blame him after seeing what had happened. \"Hello Ms. Monica. It is a pleasure to meet y-\" \"I don't need your words. I don't know where he is.\" \"I believe you. But you shouldn't have protected him.. He is unpredictable. One of the strongest of his kind so far. We had hoped to have him contained for the good of humanity. Their kind is not human, no matter how much they resemble us. They aren't..\" \"He is human, just... well superhuman now. But he has some good in him! He at least let me help him\" \"Detmer and Garrety are the first of their kind to have a free will. And we saw how that turned out. Seattle, Washington could've been annihilated if it wasn't for Garrety to stop him\" She had to admit this man had a point. If it weren't for Matt, she was sure Andrew would destroy everything and everyone in his blind grief, rage and pain. \"His mother died, who wouldn't have snapped from that after so much abuse and shit he went through?\" They stared down each other for a long minute before the man breathes out a sigh. \"He was hell bent on going after his father- ... If he was connected. He wouldn't have gone this far.\" \"Of course he did.\" Like he'd listen to her. \"To the weird rock crystal thing?\" \"Yes. But since you don't know where Andrew is, you are free to go and I am sorry that we invaded on your privacy.\" As soon as she was left back off at her house did she lock up her door. She had now wished that Andrew at least somehow left some kind of contact for her. She wanted to find him but highly doubted he was still in the state. Hell probably not even in the country at this point. She looks at the white snow outside with a worried expression. He, no one for that matter, deserved to be hunted like this, like they were some wild animal. \"Be careful out there, Detmer\" She whispers to nothing, but hoping his power somehow could sense her warning.. wishful thinking.. And then she saw the news come on and witnessed the sudden attack in another country- At first she thought Andrew was attacking- but was quickly proved wrong. A woman was seen throwing her arms around and cars going flying. \"Another one? What's going on?\" Notes: Alright, updated finally. I feel there is quite a few pov's on here. But I hope it still keeps you all interested[Chapter 6] The attack was nothing like Andrew's rampage before. And for a while, no one could figure out or explain why it was different. And slowly the obvious became more chilling. There was no rage filled screaming, the throwing of objects were different.. and the.. thing couldn't fly it seemed.. right? There was nothing holding it back either. No nose bleeding, no nothing- Clearly an hour later. The videos were being deleted- all failing and some hackers having somehow blocked the ones that were trying to delete them. Soon many saw and were talking about it. And it didn't help that they knew that the videos were being deleted.. It just sparked from there and fear remained.. Both the obviously not fake video, and the fact that this was trying to somehow be swept under the rug! It wouldn't stand.. Andrew watched the tv with intent. Both at the person in the strange suit but also the fact that someone had compared him to this.. person. It made his blood boil. But he kept himself controlled. \"What is going on?\" Little did he know was that two other people had said it in complete unison. Monica and Matt. Matt was witnessing it with the same shocked expression. There was no way that this person was like he was. It was the.. suit that they were wearing. It was not like his powers, no limits, no falter in weakness.. It was the machine, unstoppable and it actually scared Matt. The fact it showed no care about who and what they were damaging... \"This one has no limits\" Her voice was what shook his thoughts. He stood up from the table, having lost his appetite. He opens the door and with a gust of air, Matt had taken to the sky so he could think to himself clearly.. and he worry that ate away at him.. and the memories he didn't want to remember... Memories of the fight. The blood. The sound that pierced his brain. His thoughts were brought back like he was being hit by a truck. And there was a ringing in his head.. not strong but he knew it. It was terrifying and he tried to force it out. Forcing himself to think it was just a feeling from the memory- nothing more. The same feeling was felt by the scarred male. He didn't enjoy it at all, the feeling that didn't belong to him. His eyes narrow some as he pulls away from the televisions and the group of people near him. Holding the camera closer to himself. Matt must have seen the same thing he had, only it shows that Matt is more worried than angry. He took flight when far enough away from people, breathing in the cold air into his lungs. He had to think to. It shows that the suit had destructive capabilities, but the fact he, Andrew, was compared to someone in a suit.. that didn't know the feeling of the power in him. The power that made him strong.. but also feel like he could stand tall and shake in fear no more. A suit would not measure up to him. But something told him that there was something behind the attack.. that it wasn't random. Maybe Matt's thoughts and feelings were flowing into him through the strange link.. Giving him another reason to block out his own feelings and, if possible, destroy the bond that shouldn't have been there. And his thoughts flashed to his time in Seattle. The screams, guns going off.. And the agonizing pain as his body went limp, so he could get one last look at what his cousin did... the huge stone spear that protruded out of his body and embedded itself to the concrete... and blackness.. It made his scars ache and his heart swirl in rage. And the memories that surface of him waking up some times in.. that place, lab.. seeing people, hearing muffled voices. Calling him anything but a him, and making sure to make themselves not feel a thing as they pump his body with fluids that were either cold as ice or burning hot. Andrew flew harder and faster, refusing to yield to the wind and using his barrier so to have less wind pressure and kept the breath held in his lungs due to the growing lack of it due to the speed. Until a boom was heard throughout the city below- a sonic boom that Andrew Detmer made, and even he was taken back by it- at the fact that he was able to fly at such a speed. And slowed himself, so to take a breath. The sight of it expanding but fading just as quickly... He had done what he thought he couldn't. He can fly at such high speeds.. He rethought of the robotic suit and tried to remember where it was from.. New York. He shook his head at the idea of a joke where all the villains of superhero comics seem to be. And here he was, switching his destination in the direction he hoped was the way.. Only stopping when his nose bled and when he knew his body was at it's limit. He thought sometimes back to Seattle and how different it was. Colder, and more afraid. It was no longer the city he grew up with. It was nothing like it was before. They were forced to be silent and he was sure that trying to convince the media and the world that 'Chronicle' was fully real and not some stunt would be laughable. It only drove him to hate humans more. That they made sure his life, his best friend's life, and the abuse of his asshole of a father seem like a story- a fantasy. The bed rocked under him from the motel room he stayed in that night as he tried to control his thoughts. He needed Steve, he missed him, it was always Steve that seemed to know what to do, that he could talk to.. \"Steve I miss you\" He sobs bitterly at himself as he curls up under the covers. His body shaking as much as the bed as tears were absorbed into the pillow. Her eyes look over the file of Subject 0003. All things about him. From the color his eyes were to the abilities he has currently. Apex Predator is what he calls himself and it shown that he didn't care about people.. rightfully so because no one cared for him nor shown a care. But she had to remain cold to the fact that Andrew, Matt, and any... freak, was an enemy of the human race and was to be recaptured at any cost. Killing him would be on that list.. they had ways to still examine a corpse. She looks at the vials of blood on the table and thought of the suit on the news. \"Seems you've made you move, Mary.\" She whispers to herself. The suit was not fully a secret to her or anyone here. Something that can possibly be a defense against the Kinetic- \"An... drew\" A voice shook her from her thoughts and she turned to the girl that was staring at the wall. \"What?\" She asked, more to herself. That was a turn of shock. Tiana, who has not talked once since the incident suddenly spoke? \"An.. drew\" She repeated as she looked straight at the lab coated woman. \"Stron.. ger.. than... us. Free.. but not.. us.\" She closed her eyes and smiles. \"Detmer.. will.. kill.. you... weak inferior.. flies..\" And she attacked the glass. Hands balled into fists and hitting against it, using her power in an attempt to break the glass. \"Can you feel him now?!\" The banging stopped, some blood smeared on the wall from the force. \"No.. only when.. he was here..\" \"Thanks Tiana. Your useless as usual.\" Her mind flashed with the eyes of Andrew that looked through her being. The blue eyes that she had seen that were no longer innocent and miserable.. just the rage and confusion.. \"If we find him, he will kill nothing. We contain for the safety of humanity from monster such as you. Remember that you are nothing but a monster\" She allowed Tiana to pound the glass that didn't give way and walked down the hall. \"Subject 0003 is heading towards New York. Garretty may follow. With any luck, that machine will take them out..\" \"Do we think it's wise to have an insane girl to handle the machine..? She built it yes, but it may have many glitches and malfunctions..\" \"If she gets the job HALF done than it is a sacrifice we're willing to make. I understand she's your friend but you know that you can't help her. You tried and she refused it..\" \"... I understand...\" New York was nothing like Seattle. It was busier and a bit rude. And yet when disaster strikes, they freak out like everyone else. Another attack and they scurried away in terror. Or filmed. The metal suit attacked another bank, able to tear the safe door off the frame with such ease it made people inside scream. A bullet bounced off the armor but it caught the being's attention and the one that shot it would get to see the metallic face in which they knew whoever it was behind it was glaring. But the person took the money, packing what they could into the bags. \"- To think I am compared to a suit\" The voice seemed to freeze the machine. Almost as if it was afraid to turn and face the man that the voice belonged to. But finally and slowly it turned- only to feel the push that could not be mistaken as the Telekinesis- The force left deep imprints in the wall around it- \"What the-\" \"Hahahaha! You see? You see?! It works! I knew it would work!\" She finally turned towards the other. She took in the face and body, and of course the camera that floated over his shoulder.. the creature that could've destroyed Seattle. \"Not so powerful now are you!? ARE YOU!?\" Andrew glared at her. His attack was meant to push the sorry excuse for a suit back- but it seemed to not work as well. It barely moved it. He did hear the voice though- it was a girl's. But the way she sounded- it made him think for a moment that she had someone with her.. \"You can't fight back with this! But I can fight you! Kill you like you did HIM!\" And she unleashed her guns for the first time. Mini guns! And the bullets went straight at him so quick that he barely had time to put up his barrier- The screams and debris filled the large room. Dust making Andrew cough as it went into his lungs. Andrew glared more as the bullets that were caught dropped. It seemed to take more out of him than he let on since he staggered and had to breathe in a deeper breath despite the dust that went into his lungs. \"Your alive! Apex Predator, Andrew! My revenge is justified now! You killed him! And I hope Hell takes you this time!\" And the fight began, a hard one. One Andrew struggled with. And it in turn annoyed him. Each thing he threw was dodged or shot... at least until he was blown out of the now nearly destroyed building and was shown to the world. Bloody cuts and bloody nose shown and dripping onto the asphalt without a care as he stood his ground. And that in turn was a mistake as a new attack came.. a sort of blast of power, not like the boy's telekinesis but it sent him sliding back hard against a wall- And Andrew, beaten, and clearly not ready to face death again. He lowers himself and launched off into the sky, flying hard and quickly away- \"NOOOOOOOOO!\" She cried out at him in anguish. \"Come back Come Back! Murderer!\" She screamed but it didn't stop him.. It was the shock that shook the world more than the metal suit. Unedited. The analyzers proved it was Andrew. The scars on the right side of his face and down his neck. The eye that was clouded and blinded.. it was him. And once again, no one could stop it.. would be able to. The confusion rose. The idea of it being a publicity stunt which was quickly proved wrong due to the lose of life.. All was confused.. and this time many believed that Chronicle wasn't what it seemed. Matt, Casey, Monica, Richard, everyone from Seattle saw the news in horror. Matt affected most of all and the fact Andrew was alive frightened him but also was worried dreadfully. How was his cousin alive, why was he alive- \"Andrew..\" He whispers to himself. He thought of the feeling he felt before. And it linked. Andrew was alive and he either refused to accept it or was afraid that his hope would be broken again.. But also the fact remained. Andrew. Supposedly the strongest of the... remaining two- had to fly from the suit. Clearly the fight within had exhausted him since when he had come out, Andrew was staggering and on the full defensive. Andrew who Matt had the worst trouble with.. the final fight that- if Andrew wasn't burned or drugged.. or had a moment where he screamed out and forgot Matt was right there nor couldn't hear him.. Matt would've probably been killed. He felt awful just thinking of it. The look of grief, the fight, him trying in vain to stop his cousin's grieving wrath. The fact he could've done something else- and now here he saw him again. Scarred up, scratched up and bleeding, but still standing his ground until he fled.. But the fact the girl screams, almost begging him to come back. Murderer? He shook his head. \"Think she was one of Seattle's victims?\" His friend asked. \"I wish I knew Sam. But calling out ' Murderer' may be proof enough to show she was.\" Well, Max Landis had posted his Martyr script. Very good but also a bit emotional in my opinion. And I am happy that it is different from my version/future ideas for the chapters coming. Thank you for reading! ","Summary":" One blue eye opened slowly. All a blur at first as his vision struggled to focus. Slowly but surely"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Remember Me?","Author":"Alene236","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/6131503","Passage":"[Chapter 1] \"Remember me?\" Summary: Juno graduates college with a degree in journalism. She marries Bleeker, who's a chemistry teacher and new track coach back at their old high school. Vanessa falls fataly ill and asks Juno a very very big favor, to have Juno adopt her biological son. \"I'm not going to be around much longer, and I can't think of anyone else to love him more.\" Ch. 1 The sun poured into the window as Juno opened her eyes and stretched. \"Another lazy day of doing nothing.\" Juno thought to herself as she looked around her bedroom she shared with her husband, Paulie Bleeker. On the walls were pictures of them from their wedding and of prom their senior year. That was the year after. . . well, she didn't like talking about it. Juno rolled out of the bed and got ready to shower. Juno didn't really have a set schedule for anything. She just up and went as needed. Even with her job, or lack there of, she didn't have a schedule. Juno was in the market for finding a job, as she was a freelance journalist. Admittably, it didn't pay as well as she had hoped, but she found that she was bursting with opinions and she wanted people to hear them. She was even told that her sarcasm and turn of phrase were catchy, upbeat, and addicting. Yet, she couldn't find someone to take her work and publish it. So she was currently writing online for a website that paid her per story written. She didn't have deadlines, she didn't have anything to work for with this \"job\" and Juno wanted a challenge. After her shower Juno checked her cellphone for missed calls. There were three. One from her husband, Bleek as she still called him even after all these years, even after all that had happened eight years ago. And two from an unknown number. Bleeker was at work, she'd check in on him around 12:15, that was his planning period. She had no clue who the unknown number could possibly be, she noticed the voicemail icon at the top of the screen and decided to listen. \"Hello? Juno? It's Vanessa. Remember me? I was wondering if maybe you would like to get lunch later today? I have a question for you. Call me back. Bye.\" Juno stared at her phone. \"No. No way.\" Juno thought as she listened to the message again. \"I thought I was done with all of this.\" With slightly trembling hands she called Vanessa back. \"Please go to voicemail.\" she siliently pleaded, \"please!\" \"Hello?\" Vanessa answered. Juno swore loudly inside of her own head. \"Uh, hi? Vanessa? It's Juno? You wanted me to call you?\" Juno didn't exactly know what to do about this situation. \"Oh, yes, good you got my message. I need to talk to you. It's important. Meet me at the mall around, say, 11:30? We can talk and get lunch after.\" \"Uh, yeah, sure.\" Juno said as she glanced at the alarm clock on her nightstand and noticing the time said 11:15. \"I'll be right there.\" Juno hopped into her car and just sat there. Confused, worried, what if there was something wrong with the kid that Juno gave Vanessa? What did she name him? Oh, right, Anthony. What if something was wrong with Anthony and Vanessa wanted an explanation. What if he has a sickness of some kind and Vanessa wants money from Juno? She wouldn't do that, right? She wouldn't blame Juno for something so completely out of her control, would she? Juno cleared her mind rolled down her windows and drove off to the mall. The ride to the mall was a short one. Juno was glad because her thoughts were reeling and she found it hard to concentrate. She parked the car and headed to the main entrance of the mall where she saw Vanessa. Tall, dark hair pulled back into a pony tail, crisp white shirt under a grey sweater with jeans. Vanessa saw Juno and waved. \"So. . . what's up?\" Juno asked tentatively. Vanessa took a deep breath. \"It's kind of hard to say. But I recently went to the doctor for a checkup, and. . . \" she broke off. \"And what? What's wrong?\" Juno asked worriedly. \"And I only have a month to live,\" Vanessa whispered. She broke down, sobbing. \"I - I don't know what to do with Anthony. How do I tell him? He's only eight years old. How am I supposed to tell him his mommy is not going to be able to take care of him for much longer? How do I tell him?\" more crying, \"I only have one thing to ask you, Juno, it is probably the most important thing. I need you to take custody of Anthony.\" \"Wait. What? You want me to adopt him? Are you sure you want me to do it? I gave him to you in the first place.\" Juno didn't know what else to say. So she just said whatever came to mind. Vanessa took another deep breath and answered, \"I know. I'm not going to be around much longer, and I can't think of anyone else to love him more.\" Juno didn't know how to handle this. When someone is dying and one of their last wishes is to have their adopted son taken care of by their biological mother, who knew he'd have a better life with adopted parents, what are you supposed to say? Sorry but I just can't take care of this kid? \"I don't know the first thing about raising children. Does he even know he's adopted?\" Juno asked. Vanessa nodded, \"I've always told him that he has another mommy out there and she wanted him to be happy so she let him come live with me. To let me be his mommy and make sure he was happy and safe. He never asks any other questions than that. He did ask why he wasn't allowed to see you, but I told him that I didn't know where you were. Which wasn't a lie. I had to track down your friend, Leah, just to get your number. You don't have a landline so I had to call your cell.\" Juno was dumbfounded. \"I, uh, I guess I need to tell my husband. It would probably be a good idea to let him know we are going to be taking in our child.\" Vanessa smiled. \"Thank you so, so much Juno. You don't know just how much this means to me. We have so much to work out.\" A/N: I know it's short. I'm not sure how this will be taken. I need YOU to help me out. YOU the reader need to tell me whether this is worth continuing. A beta reader will also be appreciated. Who's up for the task?[Chapter 2] Remember Me? Ch. 2 Juno was driving back home, her lunch with Vanessa was still in the forefront of her mind. She agreed to talk to Bleeker about Anthony. Somewhere deep inside Bleeker, Juno knew, he wanted to take care of his son, but now? He and Juno hadn't even been trying to have children lately. She made her mind think of anything else besides Vanessa and Anthony. She decided to focus on the road. But that didn't nessisarily work out too well. She couldn't help but think the worst at this moment. What if Bleeker didn't want Anthony? What was she supposed to do? That was all Vanessa wanted her to do and that was all she could do. Juno made it back to her house, took a deep sigh and got out of her car.Bleeker was still at work. It was too late to call him, he'd be teaching his class right now. Fortunately he didn't have track practice today. Juno, never being able to cook whatsoever, decided to get Chinese takeout, Bleeker's favorite. She wasn't exactly sure how to tell him about Anthony. She figured just telling him about what happened would do, but she had never been this nervous. To try to calm those nerves Juno sat at her desk which held her laptop that she did all of her writing from. She tried thinking of anything that she had an opinion on strong enough to write a report on. Of course, nothing came to mind. \"Alright Juno, think,\" she said to herself. It didn't work. Okay, little miss Leah, what are you up to? Juno needed to do something, talk to someone. And seeing as her husband was at work she didnt really know who else to talk to right now. She picked up her phone and dialed the all too familiar number. \"Speak,\" Leah answered from the other side. \"Leah, you're not busy are you?\" Juno asked. \"Juno?\" Leah sounded confused. \"No it's Bob Marley. Yes it's me! Do you ever use your caller ID?\" Juno asked somewhat annoyed at her friend. After all these years her friend still couldn't tell when it was her calling. \"Not when I want to annoy you. Haha I win!\" \"You sound like a four year old, you know that?\" \"So what's up?\" Leah asked finally. \"I need to talk to you. Well, I just need to talk and Bleek's working and I have no clue. . . \" she let her sentence trail off. \"June?\" \"Yeah?\" \"Just get over here.\" Juno sat in Leah's appartment at her tiny dining table. She held a mug of coffee in her hands and took a breath. \"So tell me what's up? Is there trouble in paradise?\" Leah poked. \"No, at least I don't think so, not yet. It's just. Okay so Vanessa called me earlier. She said it ws important, so I called her back and we met up for lunch. Leah, she's . . . she's, dying. And she wants me and Bleeker to adopt our son.\" Juno took a big sip from her coffee, yes, she know's drinking coffee in the middle of the day isn't the most healthy thing for her, but oh well. \"So what does Bleeker think? Or have you not told him yet?\" Leah guessed. \"I just found out today. I'm going to get some takeout and tell him over dinner.\" \"Wow, romantic, chinese food,\" Leah laughed. \"Well, June, I think you should get to know the boy, so when he has to come live with you he already knows you and he's not afraid. I mean, he doesn't know that the woman who is raising him is dying, right? So let him get to know you guys. but I don't know, it just sounds like a good idea to me,\" Leah suggested. \"Yeah, yeah, that's a good idea.\" And with that Juno left. Juno came home and found Bleeker sitting on the couch watching some pointless comedy. \"Oh, hey Juno. How was your day? Write any more reports?\" He asked. \"Um, no not really, I couldn't get in the mind set, y'know? So what do you want from Ling Lings for dinner tonight?\" Juno dialed the resturaunts number into her phone. \"Eh, whatever, I'm not in a picky mood tonight.\" Juno nodded her recognition and continued ordering. \"So, Bleek, how was your day?\" Juno asked as she sat down. \"Pretty boring. Darren Drakes decided today was the day he wasn't going to wear his safety goggles, he doesn't have eyebrows anymore.\" Bleeker answered. \"Seriously? Why didn't anyone do that while we went to that school? Man! That would have been the most hilarious thing ever!\" Juno laughed. They laughed at the poor sap who no longer has eyebrows until the delievery boy came to the door with their chinese food. Juno set up the food on the table and they sat down to eat. \"So Bleek. You will never guess who called me today. . . \" Juno started. \"I don't know, who?\" \"Vanessa.\" \"Vanessa! What did she want? Is there something wrong with, oh what's his name. . . um. . . \" \"Anthony\" \"Anthony! yes! Was there something wrong with Anthony?\" he asked. \"No, but. . . I. . . Bleeker, Vanessa is. . . she's. . . alright, she only has a month to live. . . and. . . \" \"What? What's going to happen to Anthony? Juno, do you think. .. . Maybe we should take him in?\" Bleeker asked looking up from his fried rice at his wife. \"Oh, Bleek. That's. . . wow. . . Vanessa asked me to adopt him today. She wants us to take care of him. So, I guess you're cool with that then?\" she stared at her husband in disbelief. \"Yeah I'm cool with it. Juno, I've always wanted to take care of our son. I think this is our chance to have our family.\" \"Right, well, I'll just call up Vanessa and figure out what to do next.\" Juno said reaching for her phone. A/N: so what did you think? I guess I had it in my mind that what Juno went through when she was 16 made her mature faster, so even though she's only 24 in my story, she feels kind of motherly toward her son who she never got to know. And I always had it in my mind that Bleeker didn't really want Juno to give the baby up. Like when he asked Juno, \"What are you going to do?\" and she said \"oh you know, I'd figure I'd just nip it in the bud before it gets worse. Are you cool with that?\" To me it seemed like Bleeker wanted to keep it but didn't want to argue with Juno so he basically said yeah sure whatever you want. So to me, he would do whatever he could to care for his son now that he has a job and a house and a steady income.[Chapter 3] Remember Me? ch. 3 A/N: I know I know just kill me because I haven't updated but there is no excuse other than I was just plain lazy. hahaha. I start school next week so be prepared for my writing to come to a major slow down or even a stop until I get some form of vacation. Anywhooooo. . . on with the story! Later on that night Juno called Vanessa to plan what to do next and how to move on to the next step but was surprised when it wasn't Vanessa's voice she heard answer the phone but a young boys voice instead. \"Hello?\" he answered. \"Hey, um, it's Juno. . . is your Mom home?\" Juno asked tentatively. \"Yes, she is. Hold on,\" Juno heard muffled noises and noticed he was trying to cover up the mouth piece of the phone. \"Mom, some lady named Juno is on the phone for you?\" Juno heard more muffled sounds as the phone was being passed from Anthony's hands to Vanessa's. \"Juno? Hi!\" Vanessa answered. \"Yeah, well I talked to Bleeker and he would love to take Anthony in. I was wondering if maybe this Saturday Bleeker and I can pick him up and take him out and spend some time with him, so then he knows us a little bit better before he comes to live with us?\" Juno held her breath and hoped Vanessa hadn't changed her mind. \"Well, let me ask him,\" Vanessa answered as she turned her head away from the phone Juno heard her ask: \"Anthony, sweetie, Mommies friends Juno and Bleeker want to take you out this Saturday so Mommie can have a day to herself, would you like to spend time with them?\" Juno supposed Anthony said yes because next thing she heard was: \"Alright June, he said he'd love to. About what time will you be here to pick him up?\" -Saturday-Anthony POV- I woke up today and rolled over in bed to look at my alarm clock on the table next to my bed, it read \"8:30\" Juno and Bleeker weren't supposed to be here until 10:00 so I had time to get ready. \"Anthony?\" Mom voiced from my doorway. \"yes Mom?\" I answered back. \"You all set for today?\" she asked bitting her lip. \"Mom I just woke up. Can I at least get dressed and eat before I call myself 'ready'?\" Mom laughed and walked away. I opened up the top drawer in my dresser and looked at my clothes. Since Mom still bought my clothes most of my dresser was full of sweater vests and other disgustingly \"cute\" things as my mother liked to call them. I dug for a bit until I found my favorite t-shirt that I got from Mark, a friend of Mom's who comes around on Christmas and my birthday and gives me presents that I know Mom would never even consider getting me. Like this shirt. It was gray and had a picture of a guitar on it. All I remember from getting this gift is it was my birthday earlier this year and there was a ring from the doorbell and I went to answer the door. Mark was standing there holding a present, Mom came up behind me and said \"Oh, Mark, you made it.\" In a voice that only sounded fake, like she didn't want him there. Mark handed me the present and said: \"Here bud. I thought you might like this.\" So, obviously, I tore open the wrapping paper and in the small box was this shirt. I saw the picture of the guitar on it and smiled. I loved music, for as long as I could remember I loved music, and I always wanted to play the guitar, which I one day told Mark about. He laughed and said, \"don't tell your mother.\" I didn't listen to him and I remember when I told Mom that I wanted to play the guitar she got a funny look on her face and said, \"Well I would love it if you tried the cello instead.\" that was about three months ago and I took what she said to mean \"cello first, guitar later\". I don't really think that is what Mom meant now that I look back on it, but I'm not going to give up. I'll wear her down eventually. I glanced around the room toward my cello sitting on its stand in the corner. I detested playing it. It was a nice instrument but every time I looked at it I imagined myself playing guitar instead. I let out a sigh and walked down the stairs and into the kitchen. Mom was standing at the sink and she turned around to look at me when she realized that I was there. \"Oh, sweetie, you have so many adorable outfits in your dresser, why do you have to wear that one?\" she asked looking down at my jeans and t-shirt. \"Well I like it. And it's not itchy like those dumb sweaters are.\" \"Anthony Loring! Those sweaters are cute and they look nice on you. They are not 'dumb'.\" I decided to let her win that one and I grabbed a banana from the bowl on the counter and ate it in the living room while I watched Spongebob on the T.V. A few minutes later there was a knock at the door. \"I got it!\" Mom said racing to the door. \"Hey Vanessa, is Anthony ready?\" the voice from the phone said. Why does it sound as if I have heard it somewhere else too? Like it's way too familiar. \"Yes, Juno, he's right here.\" wait a second. Juno. . . Juno? Oh my gosh Juno! I ran past the door and up the stairs to my room. Mom once had a framed note from my real mom but the note got replaced after I was born with a picture of me and mom. I opened the bottom drawer of my dresser and dug to the back corner. I found the yellow note and read it once, twice, three times before it hit me. I'm going to meet my real mom. I stood up and stared at her name scribbled along the bottom of the paper. \"Anthony! What have I told you about running in the house! And you didn't even say hello to our guests. They're here for you, you know,\" Mom said opening my door. I looked up at her and my eyes met hers. \"She's really my mom isn't she? And Bleeker. . . he's really my dad?\" I looked beyond Mom, Juno and Bleeker were standing behind her. Mom nodded and I knew she probably had a day and time all planned out for telling me about this. I wasn't angry at her, or my real parents, I knew Mom had adopted me. Now I was just excited. I'm finally going to get to know my real parents! This is so cool! \"Anthony why don't we go downstairs and get acquainted with each other, then you guys can leave,\" Mom suggested as she turned and walked down the stairs. \"Hey, kid, I like your shirt.\" Juno said to me smiling. \"Thank you. Mom doesn't like it, but it's my favorite shirt. I got it from Mark, he's one of Mom's friends. . . I think.\" Juno nodded and sat across from me on the other sofa in the living room. Bleeker quietly sat next to her. He looks like me. But my hair is darker, like Juno's. -Juno POV- Anthony was tall and gangly for his age, I mean he was only 8, but I guess he takes after Bleeker. I see a lot of Bleeker in Anthony's face. But Anthony has my dark hair. That Vanessa has perfectly clipped very short. I almost gag. This kid has no way of expressing himself. \"So, Anthony, you play any instruments?\" I ask him while Vanessa is in the kitchen getting us some cucumber water. What is up with her and her drinks? Anthony puts a disgusted look on his face and says: \"I play the cello.\" \"Oh, that's cool. . . I rock a harmony and Bleeker also plays guitar.\" as I say this Anthony's face lightens up and he says: \"That's so cool! I wanted to learn how to play the guitar but Mom wanted me to learn the cello. It's not that I don't like the cello it's just. . . . well I don't like the cello.\" I laughed. Typical Vanessa, wanting the perfect child. This kid is the spawn of me and Bleeker, no doubt about it. I think I'm going to like taking care of this kid. He's pretty cool. \"Yeah so today Juno and I were going to take you out to a movie, then something to eat, then we plan it from there. Sound good?\" Bleeker asks looking at Anthony, then me. Anthony nods and Vanessa hands us glasses of cucumber water. I thought to myself, I only have about three more weeks before he's living with us. Will he be ready? How can we prepare him for this? A/N: I always wondered what would Vanessa do if Juno's son ended up being just like her and Bleeker? So he's kind of a rebel to Vanessa. I'm not sure how I want Anthony to find out about his mom. I mean he just met Juno and Bleeker so I don't want to spring it on him, then again he supposedly only has three weeks left with Vanessa. So. . . I'm at a rut with that. . . yeah.[Chapter 4] Remember Me? Ch. 4 A/N: I know, I know, I haven't written in about a year. Stone me. I've been terribly busy but school's ended and I have time to write. I would like to address a review that I actually liked although it pointed out my major downfall. It was from Mona Ogg: \" Interesting plot idea. I'm looking forward to reading more of this story. However, I think the way you're handling Vanessa's illness is not too realistic. First of all, if her diagnosis was so bad that her doctor thought she'd only have about one month to live, she would most probably be feeling very ill and showing symptoms of weakness and pain that Anthony would have noticed, so he wouldn't be completely clueless about the situation. He may not know how bad it is, but children are usually very intuitive about such things. Another thing is that those kinds of predictions aren't always accurate, so if a doctor says someone has three months left, he may die three weeks later due to complications, or he may make it for another six months or even a year if he reacts well to the medication and is careful about his health otherwise. It's not like the doctors know everything and you can enter the date of your death into your calendar after he's given you such a diagnosis. Counting down from \"one month\" to \"three weeks\" without a new diagnosis to back it up is a bit naïve. However, it's your story and you (as the author) know best when Vanessa is going to die, so I'm not going to complain again if the countdown proves to be accurate. I'm guessing the focus of your story won't be on Vanessa for too long anyway, right? So it's not all that important. I hope you're going to continue this story.\" Truth be told I just wanted Vanessa out of the way because she annoys me. I really didn't think of what she had because I was planning on most of the story being with Anthony and his biological family and their adventures. So you caught me. Hahaha. I hope this doesn't deter you from reading the rest of my story since I'm being unrealistic and naïve about Vanessa's illness. I get where you are coming from and I'm surprised no one was yelling at me about it before hand. That and I'm not good at writing about degenerating health because it depresses me and when I'm depressed I can't write so I figured that was a bad idea. Thank you for actually giving me a real criticism that I found quite constructive, it's readers like you that keep me from becoming slack. Now on with the story! Disclaimer: I don't own Juno, or Bleeker, or Vanessa, or Winnie the Pooh (you'll see), or sour patch kids. Although the movie that they go to see I made the name up off the top of my head, so if there is an actual movie with that name I apologize because I just strung some cool sounding words together and made a name. Anthony's POV I sat in the back seat of Juno and Bleeker's car…or should I call it Mom and Dad's car? I don't know, I'll figure that one out later. We were headed to the movie theater, they said I get to pick. Pretty cool, huh? Mom doesn't always let me pick which movies we go to watch and she always drags me to some kiddy movie, one with singing bunnies and talking flowers. They made me want to gag. I tried telling her that I'm eight years old and can watch movies without disgustingly (my words) \"cute\" (Mom's words) animals and stories that have no problems throughout the entire movie. Like Winnie the Pooh…ugh…Mom took me to see that a few months ago. I fell asleep while watching it but it started with the animals in the woods jumping around and dancing, and it ended with animals jumping around and dancing. I want to see movies with explosions and gun fights! Mom says they're too \"violent\" and that they will \"teach\" me \"to kill and destroy and hurt people\" as if! I just think it's cool. We finally made it to the movie theater; I got out of the car and walked between Juno and Bleeker up to the building. \"So, Anthony, do you have any nicknames?\" Bleeker asked me. I looked up at him and answered, \"Um, yeah, the kids at school call me \"Ant\". Because I don't like \"Tony\" and \"Anthony\" is what Mom calls me.\" \"Ant? That's a pretty wizard nickname. I like it!\" Juno smiled. \"Yeah, me too. Did you guys ever have any nicknames?\" I asked them. I liked talking to them, they didn't make me feel like I was a little kid. \"Well, My real name is Paul. I've gone by \"Paulie\" and \"Bleeker\" or \"Bleek.\" Bleeker answered. \"Wait, where does Bleeker come from then?\" I thought his real name was Bleeker. \"Well, it's my last name.\" Bleeker explained to me. We made it up to the ticket window, Juno looked down at me. \"So, Ant, you know what movie you want to watch?\" \"Um…how about 'Kings of the Night?' I saw the preview for that on TV the other night.\" It was rated PG-13, I hoped they let me watch it. Mom only lets me watch G rated movies. Although there are some times when I convince Mom to let me go out with Mark, and we watch R rated movies, and eat unhealthy fast food, and he teaches me about his guitars. \"You have good taste in action movies. Kudos.\" Juno bought three tickets and we went to the concessions counter. \"Alright, kid, you get to pick a box of candy and we'll also get some popcorn.\" Juno let me get a box of sour patch kids, smiling and saying \"just like your father,\" and winking at me. We sat down to watch the movie; they let me choose where we sat. I chose to sit in the front row, center. Mom always wanted to sit in the middle; I didn't think that was any fun. The movie opened with an intense chase scene. Two guys in really cool cars were trying to out run this group of people in a big black van. There was a lot of shooting and windows smashing. I didn't fall asleep throughout the entire movie. It was so cool! There were gun fights and explosions, it was my type of movie! \"So, Ant, did you like the movie?\" Juno asked me as we were leaving the theater. I nodded my head and finished off the sour patch kids. \"Ok, so where to next?\" Bleeker asked while he unlocked the car and we piled in. A/N: So there is the first part of Anthony's first day with his parents. What do you think? And before you get all \"they let him watch a PG-13 movie at his age? I based his movie taste off of my 7 year old brothers, he watches blow stuff up movies all the time and he's completely fine. That and Anthony's character is much more mature than my brother in real life so I think he'd handle it fine. ","Summary":" \"Remember me?\" Summary: Juno graduates college with a degree in journalism. She marries Bleeker, "},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"How did I Get Here?","Author":"Heatfare","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/8998683","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Kamrynn rolled her head around her shoulders, hearing a satisfying pop in her neck. She was waiting on her best friend to show up to her house for their sleepover, finding it unusual when she realized that the girl was thirty minutes late. Kamrynn checked the time. \"9:12\" shined brightly in the dimly lit basement. As she was about to adjust her settings, the screen changed to a picture of the two. Kamrynn answered it. \"Hey, Dahl. Where are you?\" \"Kam! I'm so sorry. It'll be another hour before I get off of work.\" \"It's fine, don't worry about it.\" \"No, it's not. But, I have a surprise for you.\" Kamrynn rolled her eyes with a small smile. \"What kind of surprise?\" \"Well, how about you go put on something cute and I'll come pick you up? I gotta go!\" Kamrynn scoffed as she lost connection before pulling off the blanket she wore and making her way to her bedroom down the hall. She went to her closet and searched through for an outfit that she could go out in. Knowing Dahlia, she was probably going to take her to some kind of party. She blew some air out of her mouth, deciding on her favorite pair of skinny jeans, the same ones she always wore to parties. She skipped to the bathroom, turning on her speaker to play some music as she washed her face and fix up her hair. When she was finished, she got dressed, taking a second to admire how she looked. The jeans may have had a lot of holes in them, but people thought that they were designer, so she kept them. After her moment of self-appreciation, she went upstairs to wait for Dahlia to show up. The doorbell rang and Kamrynn answered, smiling when she saw the girl holding a small box in front of her. \"Happy early birthday, Kam!\" \"You didn't have to get me anything,\" Kamrynn complained as she stepped aside to let Dahlia into the house. Dahlia shrugged. \"I know, I know, but you're my best friend and I feel obligated to do it. Go ahead and open it and I'll be right back.\" Dahlia ran to the bathroom and Kamrynn shook her head, closing the door. The box weighed less than nothing, so she assumed it was either a piece of jewelry or a gag gift. Nonetheless, she pulled off the ribbon that held the box together and slid off the top to reveal a silver ring made into the head of an open mouthed, ruby eyed tiger. She smiled as she set the box on the counter and inspected the ring further. Eventually, she put it on, admiring the way it looked before the eyes started glowing and the teeth pierced her skin. She panicked as droplets of blood dripped down her hand and onto the hardwood floor. As soon as the pain started, it stopped and the ring disappeared from her finger. The blood was gone, and the only thing that remained was the scar where the ring attacked. She wondered if she imagined it all. Dahlia walked into the living room and smiled. \"You ready to go?\" \"Dahl...something weird is going on.\" Dahlia gasped. \"Did you open your present?\" \"Yeah, but-\" \"Excellent! Let's go. We're going to be late.\" Kamrynn barely had time to grab her possessions before Dahlia dragged her out of the house. With Dahlia's energy, she decided to worry about the incident later. They followed the GPS to a small apartment in a town that Kamrynn did not recognize. In fact, she did not recognize anything after the first turn out of her neighborhood. \"Dahl, where are we?\" Dahlia smirked. \"Did you put the ring on?\" \"Yeah? But, where are we?\" \"We may or may not be in Seattle, Washington because the ring you put on sent us into a different dimension.\" \"What the actual Hell are you talking about?\" Kamrynn was starting to get uncomfortable and Dahlia couldn't blame her as she got onto the highway. \"Hear me out, yeah? You know Nani?\" \"Your grandma?\" \"Yeah. She's a witch. She made these rings for us to explore other worlds.\" \"What the fuck, Dahlia?\" \"I guess this wasn't the best way to tell you.\" The two were silent, Dahlia keeping silent while Kamrynn processed the information. Once Dahlia got off of the highway, she sighed. \"Listen. I have a surprise for you. If you don't like it, I'll take us home and I won't involve you in this stuff ever again.\" Kamrynn frowned as they entered a neighborhood and approached a small house that was buzzing with energy from the party inside. Dahlia turned off the ignition and waited patiently for Kamrynn to react. Kamrynn sighed. \"Fine. But, you're gonna tell me everything later.\" \"I promise.\" \"Okay then.\" They exited the car and followed the music into an open door of one of the houses. The house was filled with people, but the hosts managed to seek them out. Kamrynn suddenly couldn't breathe when she recognized who one of them was. \"Hello, ladies,\" one of them greeted. \"Never seen you before.\" \"Were new in town,\" Dahlia answered. \"Heard there was a party.\" \"You came to the right place. Welcome! I'm Steve Montgomery and this is my man, Axel.\" \"I'm Dahlia. This is my cousin, Kamrynn. What school do you guys go to?\" \"Seattle High,\" Axel answered. \"Steve's running for class president and I'm his campaign manager. That's mostly what this party's for.\" \"That's pretty cool! We're gonna start there on Monday. Maybe you guys can show us around sometime.\" \"Of course,\" Steve said. He was pulled away by a girl who planted a wet kiss against his cheek. She then turned to the others. \"Who are they, Steve?\" \"Maria, this is Kamrynn and Dahlia. Ladies, this is my beautiful girlfriend, Maria.\" They exchanged greetings and Maria gave each of them wary looks. \"You guys new or something?\" \"Yeah, we just moved here,\" Kamrynn spoke, gaining everyone's attention. \"Oh, so she does speak,\" Axel joked making Kamrynn blush and the other chuckle. \"You guys want anything to drink? We've got some different types of sodas, water bottles, no alcohol though. Wanna try to keep this clean tonight.\" \"Water,\" Dahlia and Kamrynn replied together before giving each other a look and snorting. Axel ran to grab something and Maria pulled Steve away. Dahlia smirked. \"She must be the crazy type.\" \"I see it.\" Kamrynn looked around to make sure that no one was listening to their conversation before a wide smile spread across her face. \"Dahl, did that...ring send us into one of my favorite movies?\" Dahlia grinned. \"Guilty. What do you think?\" \"We just talked to Michael B. Jordan. Michael B. freaking Jordan!\" Dahlia laughed as Kamrynn made an unintelligible noise to express how she felt. \"So, was it worth it?\" \"Holy shit, Dahl. Yes! Thank you.\" Kamrynn pulled her into a warm embrace. \"This is so cool, I can't even speak.\" \"Well, you have until 3:05 am tomorrow morning to decide if you want to stay. The movie is gonna start at any time if we do, but we can't leave until the entire movie is over. That's the only time the ring will show up again. The Ring is the only way we can travel.\" \"Anything else I should know?\" \"I don't know what would happen if we died...so...dont.\" \"Noted,\" Kamrynn said, sarcastically. \"Other than that, we're good. Have fun.\" Axel returned with their waters and they started another conversation. Later, he started introducing them to other people that went to the school. They had a great time talking to people, they even danced a little bit in the living room. By the time the party started to die down, it was three o'clock in the morning. Dahlia and Kamrynn said farewell to Steve and Axel before going back to Dahlia's car. They pulled away from the house and headed for the main road. \"So, you have about two minutes to make a decision,\" Dahlia said as she fished through her pockets. She produced two rings and held them out. \"If you put the ring back on, it'll take you back home. If you don't put it on, then kiss these babies goodbye until the movie is over.\" Kamrynn thought about it as she took her ring from Dahlia's hand. She watched as it slowly started to turn transparent. She thought about the consequences. The dangers of being involved in the storyline. The responsibilities that she could possibly be putting onto her shoulders. She then thought about life back at home. She just graduated high school and she was not very fond of having to go back. And what of her family? What she could never go back? How long will it be before anyone knew she was gone? On the other hand, they were already here. And she trusted Dahlia. The girl was meticulous and OCD about everything. And with knowing that her grandmother is a witch, maybe she was one, too. Maybe she could make a difference. She sighed, closing her fist around it. \"Let's stay. I love this movie. Hopefully I can...change things.\" \"That's the spirit!\" \"This is some Matrix type shit.\"[Chapter 2] As they pulled up to the school, Kamrynn huffed in annoyance. Dahlia glanced at her as she parked in a spot further away from the other cars. \"Why so huffy?\" she questioned with a small chuckle. Kamrynn glared at her. \"First of all, we had to wake up at five o'clock in the morning to go to one of the places that I never thought that I'd ever have to go to ever again.\" Dahlia started laughing and they slid out of the car. \"Second, I graduated already in our world and was not intended on coming back to high school anytime soon, and now I have to go through all of this crap again. Third, you woke me up at five in the frickin' morning.\" Dahlia shrugged at her while they threw their bags over their shoulders and walked into the school. \"Well, I apologize. But, the only way to get out of this world…\" Kamrynn pulled Dahlia away from someone that was about to bump into her and closer so she could whisper. \"The only way to get back home is if we go through the entire movie alive.\" Kamrynn glared at her again. \"I'm aware.\" Dahlia smiled and gave her a side-hug before the two were engulfed into even bigger arms. \"Group hug with my two best friends!\" Steve said. The girls giggled as he pulled away and his girlfriend approached them. \"Come on, Steve! We need to hand out fliers!\" Steve shrugged at them before heading off with her. Kamrynn rolled her eyes as Maria ran up to someone holding a camera. Kamrynn froze in her spot as Dahlia looked pointedly at her. She knew that Kamrynn had a thing for Dane Dehaan. He was attractive in her eyes and she was heartbroken when his character was treated badly. 'I wonder how I can come up with an excuse to be his friend…' Dahlia snapped in her face as the bell rang and the crowd dispersed to their classes. Dahlia gave Kamrynn a final hug before disappearing into the crowd before Kamrynn looked down at her schedule and huffed. 'Great! I have math!' She felt someone bump into her and she caught herself before she fell. Her schedule wasn't so lucky. \"I'm sorry,\" She apologized with the stranger at the same time he did. She looked up and froze, staring at a pair of familiar blue eyes. Dane Dehaan, 'Andrew,' she thought, had his camera pointed at me as he stared at me as well. A moment passed before they looked away from each other. \"Um, yeah. I'm really sorry,\" she apologized, lamely. \"No, it's my fault,\" he said. She looked down at her shoes, suddenly really shy. \"I'm Kamrynn.\" She held out her hand for him to shake while she stared at the camera. He shook it. \"A-Andrew.\" She tilted my head in confusion and pointed to the camera, pretending that she didn't know what it was for. \"I-I'm filming everything…in my life.\" She nodded slowly in understanding before giving him a small smile. \"It was nice meeting you, but I have to get going to class. I'll see you around.\" She walked passed him, feeling his eyes on her every move. She turned around and winked at him playfully before turning the corner and going to attempt to find her class, only to groan in frustration when she realized that she should have asked him. She walked aimlessly in the halls for a good three minutes as they cleared. Only a couple of people were still around. She huffed before walking up to a random student and tapping him on the shoulder. He turned and she forgot what she was doing. 'ALEX RUSSEL! ALEX RUSSEL! BREATHE, KAMRYNN, BREATHE!' She took a shaky breath to calm her beating heart. \"Um…hi,\" she stuttered, her voice wavering a little bit. \"Hi?\" Matt questioned. She stared at him for another second or two before shaking her head. \"Uh, can you help me find this class? Room 158?\" She handed him her schedule and he looked at it for a couple of seconds. \"Yeah, we have the same class. Come on, I'll take you.\" She sighed in relief and they smiled at each other. \"Thank you. I think I've been walking around for forever now.\" He chuckled a little bit in amusement before he pushed open a door, motioning for her to go through in front of him.[Chapter 3] \"Lunchtime,\" I muttered to myself as I gathered my books after my English class. Dahlia giggled next to me while we headed out of the classroom. We followed the other students out through the back door and towards the football field. There were some cheerleaders practicing in front of it and out of the corner of my eye, I saw someone sitting in the bleachers. I physically turned and saw Andrew pointing his camera toward Dahlia and me, but did a double-take to make it seem like I didn't see him the first time. I waved enthusiastically toward him and he looked around at his empty surroundings before pointing to himself and mouthing \"Me?\" I giggled and Dahlia and I headed up the bleachers to sit next to him. \"Hi, Andrew,\" I greeted. He just stared at the two of us in shock. \"Uh, hi.\" I sat on his left while Dahlia sat on his right. \"Why are you sitting by yourself? Don't you have some friends to hang out with?\" Dahlia asked. He adjusted his camera and while he was lent backward, Dahlia and I exchanged a knowing look. \"Umm. No. I-uh. I don't have any friends. I mean, my cousin goes here, but I don't really have any friends.\" \"Is that why you have the camera? Gives you a barrier or something from people?\" I gave Dahlia a quick look as Andrew scratched his head and took out a sandwich. \"Umm. I guess.\" I shook my head. \"Well, Andrew, I would gladly like to be your friend,\" I said with a smile. \"If you would allow me to, of course. I mean, if you don't want me to then we could go….\" \"No, no. It's fine.\" I smiled at him and took out a baggie of goldfish. We all ate in silence for a second or two before Dahlia spoke up. \"I'm Dahlia by the way. It's nice to meet you.\" \"You, too,\" Andrew replied after he swallowed. A girl in a cheerleading outfit suddenly approached us. \"Uh, hi.\" \"Hello,\" we replied. \"Can you, like, not film us? It's really creepy.\" \"Oh, no, I wasn't filming you,\" Andrew defended quickly while grabbing the camera. I jumped in, trying to save the situation, seeing as I didn't know what happens after this part. \"We were doing a documentary of high school life for my blog. Sorry if it seemed like we were filming you but we were actually zoomed into the sky and the camera wasn't recording.\" She nodded in approval. \"Oh, okay. I'm sorry. I thought you were recording our practice.\" \"Oh, no!\" Dahlia slid in. \"We wouldn't do that. I myself think it's disrespectful without someone's permission.\" \"Okay, just making sure. Good luck on your blog.\" \"Thank you!\" I said as she walked off. I rolled my eyes and pinched the bridge of my nose. \"Gosh, she's not that smart. She does know that when the red light is on that the camera is recording right?\" \"Not everyone has basic knowledge like you, Kam,\" Dahlia reminded sarcastically. I imitated her childishly making Andrew laugh and I smiled at him. \"So, this is my locker,\" Andrew said as we walked with him through the halls during our off period. He was narrating and talking to us at the same time, showing us around the school. Suddenly he was pulled away from us and put into a headlock while someone else took his camera. \"What is this?\" A guy with curly hair asked, looking into the camera. \"Hey, you're on film man, smile!\" Wade, the school d-bag said smacking Andrew in the face a couple of times. I looked at the guy with the camera and groaned. \"Come on, give it back,\" I said, trying to be nice. The camera was put on me as Wade messed with Andrew and Dahlia was being harassed by the other guys. She pushed one of them and went to Wade who was still smacking Andrew around. I tried to grab the camera but he pulled it away and stuck a hand out to keep me in my place, taking his chances by putting it close to my chest and smirking. I grabbed his hand and twisted it backward and went to grab the camera but he dropped it in surprise. I stuck my foot out to loosen the impact so it wouldn't break, hurting myself in the process and I let the guy go. Another guy grabbed it from the ground and the bell rang while Wade and the rest of them left. \"Give it back, Sean,\" Andrew said, standing near the lockers. \"OH, you want this? This piece of shit from like 2004?\" He set it down. \"Here she is, still in one piece.\" He kicked it over and it smashed into the locker before he and the other guy left as well. The other guy gave me a glare and I rose an eyebrow. \"Assholes,\" Andrew muttered as he made sure that the camera was okay. \"You okay?\" I asked him after my intense stare-down. He nodded, not looking me in the eye. I frowned as he led us to our last class of the day. Chemistry, oh boy. \"So, there's a party tonight if you want to go,\" Steve stated after school ended and Andrew quickly left the classroom with his camera raised. I nodded with a pondering look on my face. On the inside, my stomach was bubbling with excitement, but I had to consider the danger of going. If I didn't go, then I would be missing out on a crazy but fun party with techno music and drunk people, and could possibly become the weird loner of the school that could be an easy target for bullying because I'm not cool enough. Plus, I would miss out on a certain event that could make or break my frienda and me. On the other hand, if I did go, then there was a good chance that I could….change things. I literally had power over the future. I had responsibility over everything that happened from this moment on. And it was that moment that I had to make a decision. I could change the course of events, or let it ride and let nature take its course. \"So, you want me to pick you up, or are you guys gonna stay home?\" Steve questioned, breaking me out of my thoughts. I smiled. Fuck it. I'm gonna get SUPER POWERS! And telekinesis out of all of them! Why not? \"Sure, why not,\" I answered. Dahlia gave me a smirk as we walked with Steve to her car. Steve's girlfriend ran up and pulled him away sometime while we were in the hallway, so we were alone among the mass of testosterone and estrogen in the facility. \"What the hell did you just get us into?\" Dahlia questioned. \"You do know the consequences and responsibilities of going right? You said so yourself, this is DANGEROUS!\" \"I know, I know,\" I said. \"But think about it. We could change things.\" I leaned in closer. \"We have the power to change the future. You know how I felt at the end of the movie. You know what'll happen and you know why, too. Just think about what would happen if we did something about all of this. Please, D.\" She gave me an unsure look. \"Besides, you said that your favorite super power was telekinesis,\" I said with a smirk. She broke out into a grin as we approached her car and hopped in. \"Fine,\" she said, finally. \"Maybe you could get through to Andrew, anyway. Make him feel like he really isn't the only one in the world.\" She wiggled her eyebrows at me and I punched her in the arm. \"Shut up.\" I could feel myself blushing as she laughed at me. \"So, how do I look?\" I turned to find Dahlia wearing a short black dress, her haired curled to frame her face beautifully, bracelets, and some nude colored heels. I nodded in appreciation. She looked amazing. She was always the hot friend, no lie. I didn't care too much about it though. If she looked good, then she looked good. End of story, no need to compare myself to her. \"Very nice. Those heels look really comfortable.\" \"They are!\" I giggled again and went back to scrolling through my dashboard on tumblr. \"You're not ready!?\" I jumped slightly as her voice rose an octave and turned to see her rummaging through her closet. \"Um…I am ready,\" I stated looking down at my t-shirt, skinny jeans, and leather jacket. \"I'm not wearing a dress.\" \"Fine, you'll need something comfortable for upcoming events anyway,\" she said with a wink. I rose an eyebrow. \"And you're not?\" She imitated me in a childish voice and I giggled before closing my laptop. She threw me a pair of flats and I put them on before checking my curly hair and makeup in the mirror. I heard a car horn go off and grabbed my phone. \"Ready?\" I questioned. \"Always,\" she said, shrugging on her leather jacket and following me out of the door.[Chapter 4] The party was at its peak when I saw a familiar guy in a dark hoodie and button up shirt with his phone out. \"Matt! Hey, Matt!\" The philosopher himself turned towards my voice before smiling and walking toward me. \"Hey, Kam!\" he shouted over the music. \"What's up?!\" \"What's up with you?!\" I giggled as we looked around at the scene before us. People were dancing, getting drunk, twirling glow sticks and jumping around. I had lost Dahlia in the festivities, but was having a pretty decent time watching everyone enjoy their time away from school. As I continued to look around, I saw a certain blonde with a camera. If you're thinking Andrew, then you are wrong. It was Casey, Matt's crush. We had photography together and I was paired up with her for a project. I looked at Matt and saw him start to walk over. I shook my head in amusement before I felt someone bump into me. \"Oh, I'm sorry,\" we apologized together when I turned around. I got lost in the same blue eyes that I saw earlier today. Andrew had his camera up, filming the party. I giggled and waved at it. \"Hey, Andrew. What's up?!\" I yelled. \"Oh, uh…. I was um….\" \"Hey!\" We both turned to see Casey with her camera held up. \"Hey!\" I greeted. \"What are you filming for?\" she questioned to Andrew in curiosity. \"I'm just filming!\" he answered. \"What?! I can't hear you!\" \"I'm just filming!\" he repeated louder. The music seemed like it was getting louder. The ravers continued to jump around with their glow sticks. \"Oh, cool. I'm filming for my blog!\" Casey said. \"You should check it out…\" \"Oh, hey! Hey Casey!\" Matt said as he approached us, trying to make it seem like she wasn't the reason that he went to the party in the first place. That's right, Matt, I know what you're doing. \"Hey!\" she responded, looking slightly uncomfortable. \"How you doin'?\" I had to try to keep myself from Matt's failed attempt at flirting at this point. Andrew was giving me a concerned look at my reaction to the event as well making me laugh even harder. \"It's pretty lame, right?\" \"Why is it lame?\" You know, Young said that parties are people's way of seeking wide spread validation and I'm not one to clamor to be cool, you know?\" I was laughing so hard that I was slightly leaning on Andrew for support. Casey was nodding with a look of discomfort. I saw Andrew smile, trying not to laugh as well. \"Wow. Way to put an analytical psychology spin on this barn party, Matt,\" she said sarcastically. He shrugged. \"That's awesome.\" She then walked away to film the rest of the party. Matt looked so dejected, I almost felt bad until I remembered how the two would turn out. \"Hey, Matt!\" He turned to Andrew who was still smiling. \"What did Young say about glow sticks?\" We laughed as Matt flipped him of and walked away. It was getting really hot in the building, besides the fact that I need a jacket, and I felt like the walls were slowly closing in and more people arrived. My breathing was getting raggedy and I was starting to shake a little bit, realizing that I didn't know most of the people here. \"Hey, Andrew!\" I shouted. He turned away from a couple of dancers and pointed the camera towards me. \"I'm gonna head outside. It's getting way to hot in here. I'll see you around.\" There was a split second where it looked like he didn't want me to leave, or he wanted to go with me, but he just kind of nodded slowly. \"Uh, okay. I'll see you around.\" I nodded and started towards the door. Hoping that I could find Dahlia in the mass of bodies. I finally made it outside to see an ecstatic looking Steve with the devil herself. When he spotted me, he almost sprinted into a running hug, picking me up and spinning me around. His energy was almost to contagious and I found myself laughing with him. \"Dude, Kam! There's something we gotta show you! It's so weird and it makes this awesome sound!\" \"What is it, Steve?\" I questioned, shaking in anticipation. I was excited and nervous, knowing exactly why he was so excited. What if something bad happened? \"It's like this hole. It's huge and it makes this weird sound. You gotta see it!\" \"You know,\" I looked toward the entrance of the party to see Andrew walking towards a tree wiping away at his face. \"I think we should get it on camera.\" Dahlia smirked at me as they followed me towards the tree. As I got closer, I saw Andrew cleaning his camera. \"Andrew!\" I called out. He didn't turn around immediately, but he did when he heard us get closer. \"Andrew with the camera,\" Steve said with a smile. \"Can we borrow that thing?\" \"What?\" he asked in confusion. I couldn't blame him. It was kind of weird when someone you didn't know to well ask to borrow your things. Especially expensive things. \"We found the craziest shit, and we gotta get it on tape,\" Dahlia explained. \"Uh, it's not…\" he stopped to sniff. \"What's up, man? Are you okay?\" Steve asked in genuine concern. \"Yeah, I'm Andrew.\" \"Alright. I'm Steve. Steve Montgomery.\" Steve stuck his hand out in greeting. \"Yeah, I know.\" I wanted to just give him a hug, hold him close and tell him how much he mattered in the world. I guess the way I was looking at him conveyed my feelings because Dahlia bumped my shoulder to get me to pay attention. I didn't notice that everyone had started to walk away. Blushing, I quickly followed everyone to our fate. As we walked, Steve continued to babble on about his amazing discovery, making me more nervous and excited than I already was. I felt a hand on my shoulder and jumped as Dahlia rose an eyebrow. I shrugged and we continued on in the dark. \"Hey, you have a light on that thing?\" Steve asked Andrew, voicing my thoughts. Andrew mumbled something under his breath before a light appeared. I dodged a tree that was in front of me before hearing Dahlia laugh. I pushed her slightly and we continued walking, the feeling in my stomach multiplying by the second. \"Oh, that's right! Andrew Detmer! I remember you from homeroom, freshmen year. You always had that grey zip-up hoodie.\" Steve stopped to put his hands around his mouth and call for the third member of the soon-to-be trio. \"Garetty!\" Blood started pumping quickly through my veins as we walked further into the woods. I turned to Dahlia and took a deep breath. \"You ready for this?\" I questioned. She gave me a head-nod as if to say 'You go first.' \"Where'd everybody go?!\" Dahlia shouted to Matt as we approached him. \"They all left! Come on! LET'S GO! LET'S GO! Is that the camera?\" \"Yeah, we got him!\" Steve answered. My eyes instinctively went to the giant hole in the ground that Matt was crowded around. We got closer and the feeling exploded in my stomach. This was it. This was our fate. At this point, everyone was talking at once and I couldn't quite catch what they were saying. It didn't help that my mind was going into overdrive as well. I felt Matt pulling me closer and the two of us crouched down lower, anticipating the strange sound that I've heard many times before. Everyone was shushed and all that was heard was the sound of the wind blowing the trees. Suddenly a loud metallic rumble came hurtling out of the hole making everyone jump back in fear. A wide smile spread on our faces and a chill ran down our spines at what we had just discovered. I giggled slightly as Steve put his arm around my shoulder. \"How creepy is THAT!?\" \"What the hell was that?\" We then knelt down again. \"Is the sound coming up?\" Matt asked Andrew. \"I don't know. I mean probably. It is pretty loud.\" I felt bad for Andrew. I stood from my spot and approached him. \"You okay?\" I questioned. He nodded a little bit. \"Yeah, I'm fine.\" \"Alright, we're going inside!\" Steve said, making a decision for the five of us. \"Wait, what?\" Dahlia questioned. A lot of gibberish ran through my mind while everyone started to talk at once again before Steve crouched down and slid inside the hole shouting \"STEVE!\" \"Oh shit, he's a ninja,\" Matt giggled as he got closer to the hole. I punched him in the shoulder and he slowly started to lower himself inside. \"Woah, Matt, what are you doing?\" Matt hesitated slightly before waving his arm slightly. \"Hey, can you give me some light?\" \"Matt!\" He slipped, and I heard the echo of his feet sliding deeper into the hole. \"Matt you're my ride home.\" Andrew pointed the camera at me and I shrugged. \"They're crazy…\" He then pointed it back towards the hole and I patted him on the shoulder. \"I'll be right behind you.\" He bit his lip slightly before slowly lowering himself into the hole. Dahlia grinned at me and we did our handshake-one that we made up in the sixth grade. \"I'm behind you.\" I took a deep breath. \"You better be. You got us in this, and we are going to get ourselves out, together.\" She rolled her eyes and nudged me closer to the hole. I nodded and walked in. My foot slipped and I slid the rest of the way in. When I attempted to stand, I heard a scream and laughed. Dahlia slid into me and I felt my hand touch something wet. I grimaced and wiped whatever it was onto my shirt. Andrew coughed in front of me, shining the light of his camera around in the hole. \"You guys!\" he shouted. I walked behind him, Dahlia in toe. Steve jumped from behind the wall and screamed, scaring Andrew and making him bump into me. I giggled as I imagined him glaring at the boys. \"Andrew's such a pussy,\" Matt remarked. Dahlia walked passed me and I saw her reaching for him, but he was quick to evade her hands. \"Does it go down much deeper?\" That's what she said I snorted. \"Yeah, man,\" Steve answered. \"It goes really really far.\" I snorted again and Steve laughed, realizing what he just said. We continued to journey through the hole, not seeing any kind of end. \"Look at the walls, it's like a straight shot down,\" Matt said. I moved in front of him, shining my phone's flashlight on the ground to see where I was stepping. My stomach felt queasy and tingles ran down my spine. I wanted to get this over with. Find the crystal and leave. I didn't want to be in this hole anymore. For the most part, I ignored what the boys were talking about, having heard most of their conversation many times already, and I ventured closer and closer to my fate. \"Woah, Kam, slow down.\" I paused and turned to see Steve chuckling at me. \"Don't get too excited. It could just be a…\" I waited for him to finish, but his mouth was wide open. I rose an eyebrow until I started to see his face glowing blue. He started to walk passed me and I followed, awed by our discovery. \"Holy shit,\" I mumbled. The crystal was bigger than I expected it to be, taking up most of the room in the cave. Black vein-like roots seemed to grow inside and around it. I stepped closer, holding onto the back of Steve's jacket. A loud noise made me duck and I covered my ears. I slowly started to put my phone back into my pocket, not wanting to accidentally drop it. Out of the corner of my eye, I could see Steve touching it. I let out a breath and decided that it wouldn't be too harmful if I did too. I reached out and grazed it with my fingers. It was smooth and solid. \"Guys! Guys look at this!\" I looked to Steve and saw his sweat being pulled from his nose and onto the crystal. My eyes widened and another thundering sound boomed into my ears. \"Shit! Did you guys hear that?\" They didn't listen to me. \"Guys!\" \"This is awesome-\" \"Woah, dude, your nose!\" Steve's nose started to gush blood before he passed out. Matt was thrown into the wall by an invisible force and another sound made my vision go blurry. I fell to the ground, holding my ears, and I screamed. \"Kam?\" I frowned at the sound. \"Kamrynn, get up.\" I pulled my covers over my head. \"Kamrynn Lin Maklane, get your butt out of bed, something weird is going on!\" I chucked my pillow at the source of the noise. \"Don't say my full name like that,\" I mumbled. I felt something soft start to repeatedly hit me in the head. \"Steve's here. He's gonna take us to his house. Plus your pencils are floating.\" I sat up, rubbing my eyes. A couple of small objects clattered to the ground and my eyes widened. \"Dahlia?\" \"We're still in the movie, Kam. Remember the rock?\" 'The rock?' The memories came crashing onto me. I remember waking up in the darkness of the cave. The rumbling as dirt started to fall from the ceiling. The adrenaline pumping through my veins as my friends and I made our way out before the cave collapsed on itself. \"Kam?\" \"That means that…\" I looked to the floor where my pencils sat. I focused on them, wanting to know if it was true. That I did have powers. One of them started to shake and I concentrated harder. It started to float and Dahlia gasped, making me lose my concentration. \"Dude, that was cool.\" \"I can't believe it.\" \"Well believe it, honey. Hurry up and get dressed. Matt said he wanted to explore these powers or something so Steve's here to take us to his place.\" A/N: Boom, longer chapters. Enjoy![Chapter 5] Sooooooooooooooo you guys have been very very VERY lovely readers and reviewers. I love each and every one of you for encouraging me to continue this fic. But, here's the dealio. I don't have the movie to make this fic as accurate as possible, so, I'm going to move on to the next part of this project until I can get what I need for this to be a better experience for all of us. With that said, thank you again for letting me know that you would like to see more of what I create. Be on the lookout for my next fic (follow me if you want to be a part of the action) and I will see you all soon. I love you all. Ciao! -Heatfare[Chapter 6] I stretched with a yawn. \"He's already here?\" \"Yeah. He's downstairs. We're leaving in a half an hour whether you're ready or not.\" I grimaced and threw my covers off of me to get out of bed. I left the small trinkets on the floor and stepped over them to get to the bathroom in the hallway. After getting myself halfway together and throwing on some clothes, I went down to the kitchen where food was laid out on the island. Dahlia's grandma whistled as she continued to cook. \"Morning, Nana.\" \"Kamrynn, honey, it's passed noon.\" I glared up at the clock next to a window as I shoved some food into some tupperware containers and put them into my bag to eat at Steve's house. I gave Nana a hug and went into the living room where Dahlia and Steve were glued to Steve's phone. I clapped my hands and pointed towards the door. \"Let's go! You guys woke me up.\" Dahlia rolled her eyes and we all headed to Steve's car. \"So, are Andrew and Matt meeting us over there?\" \"Yeah, they said they had some tests and stuff they wanted to do, but they're backyards aren't secluded enough to try anything.\" \"Okay, cool. Can I eat in here?\" \"Will you vacuum afterward?\" I scoffed as Dahlia giggled as we sped off. \"Matt turn your phone off!\" Andrew reprimanded. \"Alright, alright.\" \"Steve, you have to document this. Okay, are you guys ready.\" We all agreed as Andrew uncovered the camera and Matt walked out to a spot that we marked out for the test. Andrew directed him and Steve in front of the camera while Dahlia and I sat on the sidelines to watch everything unfold. \"Alright. This is the ball test.\" Matt and Steve readied up, Steve ceasing to throw the baseball in the air. Steve winded up and chucked the ball at Matt's face, hitting him squared in the cheek. I burst out laughing, clutching my sides as Matt backed away from Steve, who was trying to hide his giggles to console him. \"Dude, we said underhand!\" Matt said, cradling the forming bruise on his face. Eventually, Steve stopped trying, falling to his knees. Dahlia stood, a wide grin spread on her face. \"You want me to get you some ice?\" she questioned. Matt just nodded and he and Dahlia went into the kitchen. I picked up one of our spare balls, tossing it into the air and attempting to use my new powers to keep the ball in the air before it could land in my hand. By the time Dahlia and a devious looking Matt walked back out of the house, I was able to make the ball hover for more than two seconds. \"Alright, let's go again,\" Matt said as he picked up the ball. \"Steve, it's your turn.\" \"Okay cool.\" They both got into position. \"Alright, let's do it,\" Andrew said. \"Oh, wait wait wait wait we did say underhand right?\" Steve said as he held his hands up to stop the test. \"Yeah, it's underhand,\" Matt said in spite before throwing the ball towards Steve's feet and using his powers to bring it back up and hit Steve in the face. We all laughed again and Matt punched a fist into the air as Steve stumbled to get back up. \"Paybacks a bitch,\" he said between giggles. Later, after multiple trials and error, Dahlia and I decided to play catch on the side as the boys continued to abuse each other. We managed to get a few throws and catches in, but it frequently hit the ground. We started to get better, though, doing tricks and things like whipping the ball around our bodies and tossing it back. \"You're not gonna hit me this time,\" Steve said as the two of us stopped playing around to watch the guys again. After Matt and Andrew finished whispering to each other, MAtt turned around and threw the ball at the fence. Steve stood from his readied position and the ball flew back at his face. He made a dramatic show of throwing his head back and landing on the ground with a thud. I couldn't help the giggle that escaped me. Matt started to jump around. \"The crowd goes wild!\" he screamed with a huge smile on his face. \"Hey, Andrew,\" Dahlia said, catching the cameraboy by surprise. \"It's your turn. Kam, you're at the mound.\" I cringed, catching the ball that Steve tossed to me and I took Matt's original position while Steve took Andrew's camera. I rolled my neck to the side as Steve and Matt whispered at me to beam him. I shrugged them off as Andrew stood before me, shaking his arms out and getting ready. I nodded at him. \"Ready?\" He nodded. \"Yeah, go for it.\" I didn't think twice, throwing the ball at him. I covered my mouth in a silent scream as the ball stopped inches away from his face. We all gathered around him as he screamed and pointed at the ball in shock. \"Oh shit, your nose,\" I said as I watched blood run down his lips. The ball dropped as he wiped at it and Matt tackled him in a hug, exclaiming how proud he was. After the excitement wore off a bit, I walked with Andrew to the kitchen. I grabbed a handful of paper towels and cleaned him up before twisting one up to stuff up his nose until the bleeding stopped. We were giggling like idiots. \"Thanks,\" he said after a minute. \"No problem. How'd you do that? You're learning really freaking fast.\" \"I-I don't really know. I just kind of imagine that I have, like, an extra hand, you know? And it caught the ball for me.\" \"That was pretty cool. You'll have to teach me sometime.\" I winked at him and he blushed. I couldn't help but blush myself. A/N: Guess who hates me? All of you? I'm sorry for the hiatus. I've finally got the movie and I am ready to get right back into this. You can hold me responsible for the next updates. Thank you for your patience. I love you all so much! Mwah![Chapter 7] A/n: I'm sorry earlier for the formatting issue but it should be fixed now! If you do read these notes (I'm very thankful for that btw) please read my end note. This chapter is going to be very short but it's only to give me some time to edit and re-edit this story to give you all some better content. Thank you all so much for being patient with me in writing this. I really appreciate you guys coming back and reading my work. I love you all! 3 weeks later \"Put on some music,\" Andrew said as they finally settled in Matt's bedroom. Matt pulled out a tub of legos and poured some onto the carpet while the others gathered around it. Steve was glued to his phone while Andrew was fiddling with his camera and the girls started building little structures. Matt then turned on his speakers and music flooded the room. The girls stopped playing with the legos when Matt started to make two pieces float up into the air. He tried to get them to connect but they just hovered around each other and did not really touch at all. \"You gotta pretend like you're squeezing them together with your hands,\" Andrew commented. Matt continued to struggle before he finally gave up, waving a hand and letting the legos fall in front of him. \"You do it,\" he said. \"You're better at this thing.\" \"Oh really, am I?\" Andrew teased. \"Just do it,\" Matt said. The girls watched as Andrew leant forward with a grin spreading across his face as he pulled a couple of pieces off of the floor to hover over each other like a tower. Steve's twinky fell out of his mouth, the girls were clapping and cheering him on, while Matt watched in disbelief as Andrew built the Space Needle. \"Dude, what? I hate you so much right now,\" Matt said after he finished. Andrew gave Steve a high five and Kamrynn lightly pushed him on the shoulder. He was a blushing mess until Matt sarcastically said, \"That was amazing, dude. That was awesome,\" and slammed the tower to the floor, effectively breaking it back into its original pieces. Everyone shouted in protest as Matt shrugged and said, \"What? Their MY legos.\" Steve gave a look of discomfort before setting his phone down and looking around. The phone buzzed and everyone stopped when they noticed that he was trying so hard not to answer it. When it stopped ringing, he picked it back up with a slight frown. \"What was that about?\" Dahlia questioned as they focused their attention on him. \"Maria has been calling me nonstop. I really don't want to hear from her, especially now.\" \"Why? What happened?\" He started to tell a story about something that she has been doing within the past month, but before he could start to go into detail, his phone buzzed with a message. He went to his voicemail and listened to it before grimacing and putting it on speaker. \"Steve, you've been avoiding me! I see you hanging around with those guys and whoever the fuck those girls are.\" Kamrynn and Dahlia shared a look, trying to hold in their laughter and Steve started to imitate the message. \"You haven't even tried to speak to me in the past three weeks!\" Andrew and Matt chuckled. \"I'm not stupid! You better call me back! I love you.\" Steve ended the call and the group burst into fits of giggles as he looked genuinely afraid for his life. \"I'm gonna get a brick through my window. I am legitimately scared I have an election coming up, and I don't have time for this shit.\" \"Wait, why are you asking us advice on girls?\" Matt questioned as he fiddled with the camera. Dahlia and Kamrynn went to argue, but were cut off when Andrew smirked. \"Because, we're his mistress.\" Everyone but Steve burst into laughter. A/n: This is my short Thanksgiving present to you guys! I'm very thankful for everyone who takes their time to read this and to comment and favorite this along with adding me to your favorite authors list. Like...You guys are the best and I don't deserve you guys at all for sticking with me since 2012! Thank you guys so much! Alright y'all, here's how this is gonna go. I'm doing a lot of rewriting for this fic. I didn't want to leave you guys hanging and I already know that I'm deeply hated for this. This hiatus was caused because I had a serious case of writer's block, but I thought I could help it if I continued working on the other parts of this series that I'm planning on making. I was going o just go ahead and post the next part, but I felt bad because this one isn't even finished yet. Nevertheless, thank you all for the support. On another note, you guys hear about the Net Neutrality thing going on? It will definitely have a huge affect on us if they bash it. I don't want to go into too much detail because I'm learning more about it myself, but if you didn't, I'd say whenever you can, please check it out for me. If you'd like for me to do a full thing about this problem, just message me and I'll tell you about it. I would really appreciate it. I love you all! ","Summary":" Kamrynn rolled her head around her shoulders, hearing a satisfying pop in her neck. She was waiting"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Sweet Little Handfuls","Author":"RAW-SYNTH3TICA","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9472325","Passage":"[Chapter 1] A reader who just e-mailed me today (whom I will name if she would like me to) asked me to submit these pieces here. So thank you, KK! The mesas ran red as the sun cast down the last rays of light to the west, falling behind ancient rain-washed canyons and sandstone ravines reaching as they held up the ceilings of heaven upon their stone pillars. Tonto's arms extended to the very skies where crystal-white and multihued stars emerged from the covers of day, his fingers seeming as if to touch each icy droplet frozen in the dark still seas rippling with falling stars and nature's nocturnal children. High above into the sage-scented skies came moths sprinkling their silver ashes, bats chirping their language, pollen passing upon tree to tree as the wind swept up the sands around Tonto's folded legs, and mosquitoes the size of a man's fist being slapped away by John. \"Why couldn't we have ourselves a night at Red's or a proper place of rooming?\" John at last pouted to his companion whom only proceeded to murmur under his breath of protection chants and gesturing the motions of touching the stars. \"Not much sleep at Red's,\" his voice came as one beats two stones together, his language less hindering than one might think of a Native who appeared no less educated than a slaughter lamb, \"Too many distractions.\" \"We should forget about this business of masks and 'Spirit-Walkers' and Mosquitoes,\" John complained a little as he untied the leather band from his face and took off his sweat-rimmed hat, he loosened a button on his shirt to itch at a rash on his neck where his collar chafed. \"They do only what they do to survive,\" Tonto reached up to his riding partner with both pairs of blue eyes following his hand's motion until both eyes were crossed and Tonto picked a mosquito off the man's forehead, \"Wouldn't you, Kee-Mo-Sabe?\" The question was a little hard to answer, but more than offensive to not answer for what seemed as if he were defending his entire half of humanity which called themselves 'Civilized' and his 'Savage', John swallowed his tight jaws and decided to think before giving a reply. \"My people don't need much, Kee-Mo-Sabe. Beautiful land is good enough,\" Tonto alas lowered his arms and rifled through a saddle bag, throwing things like a shoe over his shoulder, a brassier over the other, he found a shiny jar and tossed it after opening it's contents of a set of wooden teeth, he continued to speak after setting aside one or two items, \"Hunt, water, skies - all good enough for us.\" John shifted to sit against a dead juniper tree and felt just a little sorry for this man with a crow nesting on his head and face painted the way a drunk cancan dancer would, Tonto took a basin from behind the tree and filled it partway with water from their shared canteen, he then pointed with his chin to the saddlebag, \"All is good when you don't ask for White Man's junk.\" \"Did this come from Red's?\" John took the saddlebag in hand, shaking out things like lacey pantaloons, jars of white powder and rouge, a trashy can of snuff and bullets, Tonto only 'Hmm!'-ed and rubbed his face with a wet flowery lady's kerchief and shrugged, \"Why did you take it when I could've bought it? This is very, very bad, Tonto.\" \"Kee-Mo-Sabe didn't ask,\" Tonto shook his head and dried off with an embroidered corset, he then pulled the article back in wonder before holding up the piece to the fire in order to make out the threading, he huffed, \"Makes a nice bundle for wood.\" John snatched the corset away and hissed, \"It's for women! Not that the long hair of yours' can fool me!\" \"Can't fit you still,\" Tonto took a comb and began untangling the knots from the weeks of busy riding and the seemingly days before he had seen a proper bath. John lost the words he had been saving for the long haul to outwit his unlikely partner, but they disappeared the second he saw his tracker giving such a look of amusement and something bordering seriousness. But not for the lack of humor, because if things were not so hectic or tense, John would have found himself laughing at the simple and well-put phrases Tonto answered his long-running prattling with. The paint did very much to hide more than Tonto's expressions, it hid the White-Man's ideal imagination of the 'Nobel Savage's' handsomeness. \"You should really stop stealing from women, Tonto. It isn't very civil to take a lady's things,\" John looked far off to where the wild hares hopped about spackled in white and streaked red while two scampered along with the brassier looped over their heads. \"Gave them help and fun for fair trade,\" Tonto explained, but was unable to see John's face as they always used to talk, he yawned as the hair gave way to long black rivers from his crown, he wriggled his nose after sprinkling seeds for his crow, \"Could have asked nicely.\" John leaned forward and pressed his stiff lips to his companion's, his eyes tightly shut and nose scrunched, he pulled back long enough to open his eyes and see Tonto holding the white horse's muzzle in place of his own, he pointed up at the crow, \"Bird made me do it.\"[Chapter 2] He peered about beneath his hat to the land painted crimson and streaked black beyond the moving sands, dry copper granules rustling beneath Silver's hooves as they pushed onward into Tonto's tribal encampment which was a day's ride north, John held unto the uncomfortable end of the saddle his body clung to instead of properly holding unto Tonto's waist. He knew the man would not at all mind being held unto for safety's sake, but John had a mouthful of trouble swallowing when Silver lurched forward suddenly and John nearly slid off the saddle blankets he designated for himself at the rear. Tonto grabbed his wrist and slapped it on his own waist and said, \"Spirit horse would hate me getting you hurt.\" He remembered then of his partner mentioning that Silver was in fact the Spirit Horse and that he was chosen to awaken by chance when he had, not before scaring Tonto half to death and getting a rock to the face to prove death was still Tonto's unwelcome guest. John sat rigidly against Tonto, his cheeks heating against the danged crow's tail which batted his nose and eyes, he blew at the stiff feathers as if they would move a tad to the side so he could concentrate on Not touching his partner, \"I can't get hurt, remember?\" Tonto shook his head which made the feathers brush under John's nose, the ranger heaved forward in a sneeze but righted himself after feeling himself curl over the tracker's naked back, \"Small accidents can still do Spirit-Walker in.\" \"Taking advice from a homeless local who has a crow for company and a horse for transportation is very normal,\" John said to himself, he scooted back away from the saddle seat and made sure not to touch his chin against Tonto's shoulder as he craned his neck about to look past the crow's wings, he mumbled in annoyance, \"The seeds and paint do you no favors in your questionable sanity, Tonto.\" \"Why wake from graves? Why dressed in too many clothes when we all look the same underneath? Why ask stupid questions?\" the ranger jumped at his companion's words since they seemed as if to pour from Tonto, they were the kinds he could not answer, just the types he could laugh about if he was more calm, \"Why ask too many stupid questions, Kee-Mo-Sabe? Save your breath.\" \"I don't suppose you have a suggestion for us being on foot?\" John raised a brow behind his mask, Tonto turned around and looked him in the eye. \"Born with legs, why not use them?\" the tracker shrugged as he resumed to keep vigilant of their surroundings. \"Point taken,\" the ranger then nodded. The rest of the way was more quiet save for the sounds of hares nibbling brush and bluebirds perching on thorny berry bushes, mustang herds whinnying over dune hills and their hooves thundering over sandstone tors peeking through the wind-whipping sandbanks. Horses of all colors, shapes and breeds flew alike mixed colors of the rainbow into the nearby canyons where none but those of Tonto's tribe dared to venture. John felt a little silly for trying to make conversation or asking questions about a place he hardly knew aside from wondrous accounts made by travelers who came back east and published novels of the savage lands out west, very few pages touching upon the Indigenous peoples who inhabited these vast, sprawling lands. He also felt small, miniscule compared to the world which lay beyond his eastern city, law books and small time crooks, there was a whole continent untamed and wild as the people who cared not to change with the times pressing forward into the new ages of Civilized advancement. But there too were small pleasures of the seemingly isolated country of lawlessness; men held their families before their tribe, each person had their purposes and functions down to the elder and child, they cared more for the land and animals than themselves. The title 'Nobel Savage' was only a tiny thread upon the woven tapestry which made a native tribe who they were and the legends of their ideal selves. John pulled back as a small band of braves rode forward to welcome them both back into their settlement. By this time the sun settled six hours from sundown, making their shadows squat and imprinted by Silver's hooves, Tonto dismounted first and John second. The place of current encampment was near a creek surrounded by waxy juniper trees heavy with blue powdered berries and standing cottonwood trees leaning slightly toward the creek's edge, the pale green leaves slapping against each other in the breeze and cotton seeds floating about the playful wind. As embarrassing as it was to mention, John knew very little about Tonto and his crimson-painted home. In the indecipherable language, the two were ushered into a teepee, various foods in earthenware laid out before them, neither said a word as they dove in and ate heartily, both drinking from the same jar of spring water as they did. Once done, the two were herded out to the creek most covered by cottonwood saplings and a wall of tumbleweed, John did by example as Tonto undressed down to his breechcloth and slipped into the pool. \"Is there a place I can-\" John turned about with this folded clothing, but set them down where he stood, he shakily waddled in and sat at the deepest end until the clear water lapped at his chin. Tonto proceeded to rub his face, the paint washing away slowly, the crow and bandanna no longer in view as he dipped himself into the water, emerged with a splash and just as suddenly submerged himself. The pool became still, almost as if John was there alone, he gulped as panic overtook him, he stood up, but nearly fell back as Tonto also flew up. The tracker proceeded to wring his hair and rub his arms until the grit revealed his natural skin, he wiggled his nose and scratched his side. \"The land really is good enough for us,\" John chuckled, Tonto seemed as if to float across the shallow pool until they were only separated by John's height, he asked, \"Everyone is gone, your tribe is saved; what next?\" \"My journey is over-\" Tonto smiled, he was indeed different without the paint, John much preferred him this way, \"Back to sheriff business.\" With their clothes taken to be washed, they both knelt back in the water as once again the sun began to drop ever so reluctantly behind a puff of rain clouds. John scooted himself close, his hands cradling his companion's neck and face as he held their foreheads together, Tonto's own palms resting on the flexed biceps, the silence was all that was needed to answer what came in the moment of the land's hushed peace. If what they felt was not deeper than friendship, then it must have been something more.[Chapter 3] A little more plot & a little less crack, enjoy! The two, Lone Ranger and his riding partner Tonto sat in the overcrowded tables at Red's Bordello establishment, John downing drinks for the madam Red Harrington's gratitude for killing the bastard Cavendish who stole her leg and prima ballerina dreams along with all the promised fame the wide stage could offer her. The men sat at their spot front and center of the stage with their table full of shot glasses stacked to two levels, of Red's 'House Specialty', Tonto sipped at his shot outnumbered one-to-eight against John who had a touch of buzz going as the stage paraded expensive French ladies catering to pleasures of the flesh. The most offensively high-piled hair and the lowest bodices, and the showiest lace stockings up for grabs as each woman spread her arms to reveal lace embroidered into wings , dresses flashing a long ivory leg as she marched forward, her wooden heels stomping in a set tempo which the saloon pianist followed with a buoyant ditty. Among the whiskey-soaked joys being lapped by the happy patron, creamy bodies scantily-clad, John found his eyes wandering back to his partner whom sat straight, his unpainted face showing signs of absolute bore, he looked exactly like a child who dreamed of playing when forced to sit through Sunday school. John smirked as he leaned forward to his partner, his voice raising several times to a shout since the other sounds drowned out his tipsy laughter, \"You should go up there and give that crow of yours a reason to flap around.\" Tonto's eyes widened, then narrowed with a raised brow in the ranger's direction, he crossed his arms and raised his chin in defiance, John kept on pushing with a devil-may-care shrug, \"Well, that's if you're not too scared-\" \"Won't do it?\" Tonto stood up instantly, his posture terrifyingly serious but his eyes playfully shining in the bordello's pink and orange spotlight. \"By Red Harrington's red heels - I doubt you'll even lift a leg and step in step, Tonto,\" John smiled good naturedly since he knew this was all in good fun with his riding companion. \"We shall see,\" Tonto put down his bandanna and the crow along atop the table, he hopped upon the stage as another tune played teasingly from intermission into a lively work of the devil himself to have the women already arranging themselves so quickly. Tonto bowed gracefully as a gentleman does, his legs together and straight, his right arm placed in a low sweep to his waist then raising as the madness began, a lady wrapped an arm about his neck as she hooked a leg over his hip, he swung her easily from his left to his right while two marched towards him with their knees and toes kicking high along the maddening cymbal crashes. Four in dainty black ballerina slippers rose on their toes behind, their lace wings drifting up in flight, their long legs whipping their bodies round and round in circles. Brass horns blew as the two in heels reached their destination, Tonto flipping one easily over his back, the other swinging underneath, they stood at his side flapping their dresses until the lace seemed as the downcast lily blossom whipping in a flurry of snow. John's heart leapt from his own chest not for the flashing of legs nor the rouged smiles shot his way, he watched wholeheartedly at the fluid motions of Tonto lifting and keeping in stride lest his moccasins get stepped on, the ranger laughed as the girls each spun furiously and languidly lifted the lace and silk dresses up to their thighs, Tonto instead crossed his legs and pulled the leather tail of his waist attachment down in show-modesty. Cheers erupted from the crowd as two slender ballerinas sat hauled up upon Tonto's shoulders, the girls in heels stomping with angry cadence, they bowed and backed away only to charge forwards, the two slender dancers lightly flipped off the shoulders, they circled him as a predator to her prey. Just as suddenly the tempo heightened, the girls and Tonto stood in a line, their arms hooked over the other's elbows as they held themselves in a forward-facing chain, the girls kicked their knees high in the air followed by their straightened leg sweeping high into the air. John grabbed his sides as nervous laughter filled his lungs, he watched while his partner marched forward with the girls in stride, the mood of the bordello livening to the oncoming crescendo of the evening neared. Tonto stood and kicked soundlessly, his own mouth blown into a full grin, he stood a head above but felt overpowered by all the energy ready to set the stage aflame, the girls whooped like singing water birds in the midst of play, and all fell to the floor over their split legs, Tonto instead sat cross-legged and happy as a sunbathing lizard. \"That was so-!\" the ranger sat down from the bordello-wide standing ovation and calls for encore, he allowed Tonto a seat before finally sitting down himself, his hands patting his friends back as he shouted over the cheers, \"I didn't think you'd do it!\" Tonto nodded with this wide smile as he shrugged off the rain of compliments his partner showered him with, he sat back and kicked out his moccasins from the bottom of his chair and quietly accepted his friend's praise. \"Tonto, this calls for celebration,\" John shouted as he filled their shot glasses, he leaned forward and commended, \"To the bravest man I ever knew. Cheers.\" \"And wildest women to live,\" Tonto mumbled and tilted back the shot. John wrinkled his nose, he looked down at the shot glass obviously confused, he took another filled glass and tossed back, Tonto followed along after watching what the ranger did, they downed nearly a dozen before John realized the taste and content of the drink was very Off, he felt sick to his core as if someone had kicked him in the liver. \"Strange,\" he proclaimed, catching a tray-toting bordello maid by her arm and holding up the glass to her, \"Excuse me, miss.\" \"Anything wrong, sugar?\" she smiled the rouged come-hither smile seemingly for women not looking for a friendly chat. \"I'm sorry, but I'm not drunk enough to ride backwards,\" John explained, \"The whiskey is defective.\" \"Aw, hon, Madam Red serves what she wants and the special is Special because you can have however much you want,\" the barmaid thoughtfully clarified of the drink, she put a hand on her hip and looked to both men blankly staring at her as if she grew an extra eye on her head, \"No man never complains for having supply of too much the good or bad affair.\" Realization caught the ranger by his throat, he swallowed the bitter aftertaste and just Knew he should have caught on sooner than having the woman Tell him what they were drinking, \"This is-\" \"Triple-distilled grade-A pigswill, hon, made by Madam Red herself,\" the maid smiled, Tonto swore John's face turned green at the answer. \"Excuse me!\" John stood up and rushed to the nearest door, Tonto and the barmaid stared after the swinging bar doors beyond the maroon curtains. \"You'd like another?\" she turned to Tonto whom shook his head in answer, she turned away and continued her rounds through the packed tables, \"Sure thing, hon.\" They both departed at least an hour before dawn, John completely leaned over Tonto as his empty stomach rumbled and throat burned from drinking too much of 'Red's Special'. He found dots connecting symptoms to the drink consisting of barley and corn odds and ends stewed haphazardly in dried sugarcane, that what they both had was a weakly alcoholic cure-all invented by Madam Red Harrington. The tracker was not at all affected, not visibly at least, John on the other hand was sicker than a dog that got kicked by a dozen porcupines sniffing the wrong end of trouble. He remembered trying to heave the night away but could hardly get anything up past his stopped up throat. \"Dig me a hole and throw me in, Tonto,\" the ranger said limply before they stopped long enough to decide on going westward on the invisible fork-in-the-road trail. Tonto snorted, then chuckled, \"By Red Harrington's red heels!\"[Chapter 4] John could hardly count the days between those numbered on the notches in his saddle and those stitched into his friend's empty leather gun belt, there was a holster but no heavy irons weighing the tracker's hips. The ranger decided it was the day they headed back to the Comanche's tribal village, upon the way they encountered something most unexpected: a wounded yearling limping along the trail to nowhere, it's front left hoof dragging long lines into the red sand, a weak wheezing rasp from it's chest as it continued onward. Tonto wordlessly dismounted and approached the colt, his arms at first raised slightly up and forward, the colt's weak eyes followed only rim white and huff nervously. The ranger's spurs jangled as he was about to reach for their rope, the tracker held up a hand to keep John from spooking the young animal. What surpassed between the two was nothing short of unusual in John's view as he scooted forward and leaned over the saddle horn, Tonto and the colt stood face to face, the colt showed signs of an attack, long ugly welts of red paired into threes smattered the colt's flanks and legs, it's knees skinned as was it's stomach, twitching red muscle visible and swelled with blood. Cougar attack, by the looks of it. The colt blinked it's dead gray eyes, sand and twigs caking the corners of freshly dried tears, the tiny muzzled then sniffed Tonto's upturned hands, sensing for traces of decay which are the trademark of predators, be they four-legged, two or a hundred-limbed count. John knew he had much to learn when comparing himself to his partner, he was a little dulled by his privileged lifestyle to the awareness of what lay beyond cobblestone roads, and English horses which were so learned that they needed their own translator and trainer. Tonto on the other hand was taught on his fourth summer balance, that the world was filled with both wonders and dangers, and respecting each thing for what they were was not only the way of life, but also lay a foundation for a peaceful and prosperous lifestyle ahead. He glanced back to the ranger, those blue eyes on him, he nodded for John to dismount, joined by another pair of helping hands, he fought the impulse to show his obvious unease as they proceeded to search out water-retaining scrubs along the sandy banks appearing, alas reaching cactus-looking spiny plant with a healthy plumpness in it's long waxy fingers, Tonto broke off the uppermost piece, and smeared the watery oils upon the colt's wounds. By example, John dutifully imitated his companion's gestures almost perfectly, save for once reaching into the flesh a little too deep, otherwise Tonto stood at his side pleased of the ranger's ability to pick up granules of knowledge when taught once, which was a much sought-after quality in both child and lesson-seeker. John and Tonto led the weak colt to shelter beneath a flat rock atop a hill overlooking the grooved mesas, winds blew in the scents of oncoming rain where they could rest for only but a few moments, they continued again to find the camp while supporting the drowsy yearling, a few drops wet the thirsty earth, her skin welcoming the thunder and droplets which only seemed as if to grow with each step the pair took. Silver nudged the colt soothingly as the young animal began to whinny faintly, the soil churned in it's saturated state, their tracks beaten away by the heavy dollops of dark rain. Noon became night as they alas found the camp glowing dimly beneath the swaying cottonwood trees, white streaks tore the sky in half followed closely by the roar of the black clouds grouped tightly about, Tonto first led the colt into a teepee and emerged empty handed. John dismounted, taking his saddle, bridle and blankets along, Silver trotted to the herd sheltered inside a shallow cave, the two men then trudged sleepily into their designated home away from home. A tribesman having already fed the fire lest they come back at any given time excused himself from their teepee and went respectively back to his own family, they shook the rain away and sat face to face across from each other near the fire, a bundle of dried berry cakes and an enamel pot of stewed jerky meat boiling carefully over the hearth as both John and Tonto helped themselves to the foods without invitation nor thought to speak of the events which occurred. \"I hope the colt doesn't die,\" John said alas, Tonto met his eyes as he was about to take a mouthful of berry cake behind the unruly long black cascade reaching well past his waist, the ranger figured that he had seen all there was to see as he bashfully averted his gaze. \"Maybe will, maybe won't,\" the tracker answered, he sipped at the wooden bowl and helped himself to more of the broth. John again felt strange for having not seen Tonto's face all day, and now for the first time he saw something bordering worry, concern, but it might have been his imagination since the man's expression again became fierce but placid, as if not wanting to talk more of the little things which remained pure and wild such as the young mustang colt appearing an omen of even the young being touched by death. A tribeswoman then took from behind the hide doorway their empty water jug, their used dishes and pot carrying only air from the pair's full stomachs, John pulled off his sopped clothing while Tonto sat turned away as he too stripped and tied another breechcloth to himself, he hook off his beaded war shirt and began plaiting his hair. He patted the crow in endless flight which sat next to his bedding as he lay face up in thought, his fingers counting along his silver beads upon his wrists, John then resumed changing. Tonto again would not gaze his way, he shimmied into an extra pair of trousers and a sleeping shirt a little disappointed that he was not the last man alive on earth, he huffed and covered himself with the quilted hide blanket a tribal elder had made for him, he thought to himself how his rebuffed attempts at appearing less platonic to Tonto were bordering the shameful lines past downright embarrassing. Each kissed missed by a mile and always ended up on either Silver or the air surrounding Tonto or the wall between tribal taboo and the Lone Ranger's spotless social reputation, either way, the last thing he wanted was not only to completely crap on his next attempt or to see only Tonto's shadow as a farewell if he ever tried too hard or pressed himself too much on his friend. Gifts were the Worst part; strings of pearl beads were given to children, a small box of seashells re-gifted to the tribal medicine woman, expensive furs became the chief's most prized possessions, strings of corals and turquoise disappearing without a trace as did John's silver concho button from Silver's breast collar. The worst thing to do was point fingers in a place where each person surrounding him was their own sheriff by right of stone blades in their belts. \"Why does no one ever look us in the eye any more, Tonto?\" John asked, fully settled into his bedding, he peered over to the other side to Tonto whom glanced his way and raised a brow in confusion, \"There is the rule of etiquette consisting of two people making something polite called 'eye contact'.\" The pause while Tonto spoke was deafening, he answered, \"People think we're different.\" \"Obviously,\" John flopped unto his back recounting the ways they should appear 'different'. First, being Tonto's winged company now not being present in public, but was always treated as if it were alive. Secondly, no person had ever seen an Indian and 'White-Man' together as other than captive and captor. Third, John wore an all-eclipsing hat never seen in the west and Tonto wore roughly-worded humor like fleas on a drunk. \"How does your people say-?\" Tonto closed his eyes to the shame which flooded him as soon as he answered, \"Like you are my life mate.\" The fire died down to juniper and cedar sap-scented coals, the rain by chance falling in and sizzling away through the teepee's pole gap, the world outside lit white flashes before John asked another question in the simplest of words he could muster, \"Do I shame you, Tonto?\" \"No,\" the tracker stared straight up to the smoke curling upwards and funneling out of the slight gap in the teepee, he spoke slowly, his voice soft, \"Have no wife, no children. Am alone.\" Realizing his friend was unhappy by tone of voice, he prodded a little further, \"Do you want a wife?\" \"No,\" Tonto made a move as if to turn unto his side away from John, but paused and returned to his back, \"Too ashamed to want one.\" \"Is this about money? A woman?\" John asked, he propped his head up on a hand and waited. \"You're my friend,\" Tonto merely said, he then closed his eyes so their discussion would end where it had. \"What does it all mean?\" John's voice rang out in the bordello the next day. \"Uh-hm,\" Red sat upon her velvet high-backed loveseat as she listed while John paced back and fourth before her, \"The love bug seems to have infected your redskin, lawman.\" \"There's no such thing as the 'love bug', it's a myth,\" John turned to her and jabbed finger in her direction as he grew angry with worry. \"I'll bet my shiny ivory leg he likes you,\" she spoke all the while swinging her good leg over the heavier one. \"Of course he likes me, I'm his friend,\" John was about ready to tear his hair out by the clumps for his annoyance at Red being so cavalier. \"Oh, he used That word, now did he?\" Red rose up to lean forward, her rouged lips ticking up one side a touch upon her white skin. \"Yes, and I'm a good one at that, too,\" John mumbled began furiously pacing again. \"Reed, the use of 'friend' implies a little more than it does to us white folk,\" she giggled, \"You're a smart man, think about it.\" The ranger's legs and hands shook, he was so happy he could burst or whoop out with joy, he could run the world over twice and land on one knee when he stopped, he instead marched stiffly out while murmuring to himself, \"Baby steps, John.\"[Chapter 5] Thank you all who follow, review & most of all Read! & if you are wondering if these places I write are fictional, I'm sorry but they're not. They are places I have been to & continue to care for now that I'm of age. I'd have provided pictures, yet FFnet does not allow things as such, but I will have some up on Ao3 soon! Thank you again for reading! :) The very next few days of the calming monsoons washed away hazy railway smoke and the seemingly bad luck, John fully clothed for whatever may come- emerged from the teepee Tonto had shared with himself for the past two weeks, he stretched and drew in a deep breath as he walked across the soft red sand to a log downed by nearby floods, the scrubby white bark stripped away leaving a soft spot for anyone to sit. He watched as women and children foraged for plump sour red berries among the thorn brush from which they grew, behind were the sounds of men chattering their language strategy for hunting elk and small game for their own children to learn skinning and proper cooking. Even the horses themselves were busy kicking up great gusts of copper sand as they tumbled unto their backs, squirming this way and that to rid themselves of fleas and biting flies; all the camp was busy except himself and his unseen partner. A hand tapped him on the shoulder, snapping John suddenly out of his thought as he met his friend smiling ear to ear for reasons unknown, Tonto without explanation whistled, from the herd came prancing the mustang yearling, the little head playfully nudging John on his elbow in passing, Tonto patted the strong neck and shoulders, asking, \"Remember him?\" \"The colt. Tonto, how was he healed?\" the ranger left the log and appeared at the colt's opposite side, he gently patted the colt's solid chestnut coat and hanks of black hair whispering freely with the wind, he searched out with his hands the wounds that were now fully healed scars, the short hairs slightly raised upon the welted skin, he proclaimed quietly, \"This is amazing!\" \"I know who would love this colt!\" John smiled warmly, but Tonto's eyes raised from the colt's shoulder; being as it may how he could have given the colt to any of the people of his tribe, yet could not object since John also helped in healing the young animal, \"Danny would be so happy.\" Tonto's smile dropped completely from his face, he brushed past John and saddled up Silver, his motions bordering cruel yet gentle, he led the fully saddled Silver to a stop before John and led the colt along whom had bonded with the white horse days before, the tracker simply said, \"Come then.\" John was left to wonder what he had done to offend his riding partner, Tonto on the other hand felt a cold fury like no other strike him in the heart, an icy frost so bitter he was nearly paralyzed the moment he felt it, he was ever more angry at himself for being helpless to say 'No' to his only friend, to deny him anything the happy White-Man asked of him. Onward the tracker went with Silver's bridal in hand, the mustang colt dancing on the hot dunes behind John, his heart mourned the fierce bitter tears he had yet to understand while his face remained stone-impassive and his body became rigid and unwelcoming. The territory gradually became familiar to John, he glanced about the scrub-spackled ground and saw over the hill his first love's home, Rebecca stood at the clothesline pinning skirts, trousers, and shirts to the line. A small, cheerless smile spread over John's face, his mind unable to keep his memories from warming to the first person who held his heart and broke it just as easily, Tonto in turn handed the bridal to John and turned away to the trail from whence they came. John took Tonto by the arm, he asked, \"Where are you going?\" \"You, Kee-Mo-Sabe-\" Tonto peeled off John's arm, he then held up both hands before his waist, palms outward and pushing, then John understood clearly, he finished the name of his sign language, \"-stay. Go home.\" Already, Rebecca came running in her skirts with her two work hands and Danny at her side shouting 'Uncle John!' Once more the cold stab shot through Tonto's chest the moment he glanced from Rebecca's overjoyed face to John whom looked as if he regretted smiling, the last pull of his then-pale now sun-baked cheeks disappeared. Tonto understood then the emotion he felt, and the cure to keep himself from ever having his chest hulled out again, he began his long trudge through the sand dunes back to his tribe, and to most likely have the woes of the world married to him instead of an eligible young lady. It was good business for a man with no true home to go back to. The true meaning of love dawned on him along with the bothersome weight he carried in his head; being together was to have the sun never set, being apart was to have an incurable sorrow tear him of his honest and proper thinking, all he knew seemed to be scratched into the air and reluctant to come back down. In his mind, there appeared to be no word with the same meaning equal to 'lover' as there was for 'friend', because it signaled the budding of a friendship which would then lead to the sharing of their souls if ever luck deemed fit to grant him his only wish. The colt followed after only to be chased away by Tonto while his heart wept in place of his dry eyes, he went on with his heavy spine and weightless arms until the sand swallowed him whole and John was unable to look on after for the stupid crow and long, black hair which whipped about the mirthless wind, almost mirroring Tonto's emotion. He despised himself for not running after, for not speaking in his partner's language so that they may understand each other more fully, yet he stayed like the man unable to weaken his grasp with the past and abandon all burdens to lighten his step toward the future he wanted the most. John kept himself from trailing behind like a lost soul searching for nothing, a child crying helplessly for their dead mother, without Tonto he felt as hollow as a song without music, a voice without sound,… a man without his wife. 'What was That just now?' John lost his bearings as Rebecca drew him down for a kiss, he could not find it within himself to push her away nor run after the long-gone tracker. Was it just days ago he had been told he was Tonto's only 'friend'?[Chapter 6] Okay, okay, who says I don't love my readers? So here, I'm putting up something happy which is a traditional rendition of a fairy tale of my tribe & there are many different renditions worldwide of this story, yet I only know two traditional versions ultimately leading to the same conclusion ('The Man and the Dove'/'The Man and the Pigeon-Girl') It's a little sad & romantic, but I'm giving it a twist of comedy so John & Tonto's divorce doesn't get you down, take note that this is not an Exact word for word retelling, it's an 'inspired-by' piece. The last half will be posted on Ao3 since it'll be an Explicit-Version (NC17), I'll give you a heads up in future chapters if I get it done in time. this story was born from watching too much 'Crybaby' & 'Mirror, Mirror' There was once a lake, the water clear and sweet as one might expect from spring water which bubbled only walking distance away, the west side spanning to the south of the lake rippled shaded by leaning cottonwood trees by which's roots tangled into the lake and braided itself among the soft copper-streaked sandstones at the warm lake bottom. Gravel glittered as a polished quartz crystal does after first being shown to the sun, tiny frog children swam in play at the bottom as did the water skeeter paddling their four legs over the clear surface, the sandstone spring dribbling water from between it's smiling lips boasted islands of pale green orchids, bright bunches of turquoise moss and strings of falling vines which curled gracefully by their roots. Beside the gentle cleft cut by ever running water lay cotton-like puffs of silk-wrapped spider babies lulling softly in the light breeze from the east, and never was such a place seen by the foreign blue eyes of outsiders, except one fateful day when the people of the neighboring east flew from their homes to the lake to bathe. There perched atop a naked juniper a flock consisting of six elder sisters and their youngest brother Tonto, one by one descending from the sky they flew in one swoop gracefully hanging their feathered coats as their slender limbs emerged golden from thriving under the sun, their hands swathed in riches of carved bone bracelets, shell beads and prettily-colored stones strung about their necks in thin, yet clothe-like layers and hanging to their waists. The girls were equally beautiful, their hair tumbling low until each dark strand submerged itself into the water, which framed succulently round curves and gently pleasing faces. Lastly and wearily to land came their brother Tonto whom first circled the lake to seek out intruders, once satisfied, he flew to a nearby rock and emerged from his coat protectively of his sisters, his own beauty that of a battle-hewn warrior as did one speak of his arms devoid of idleness, his limbs boasting leather and silver riches won as favors from the neighboring tribes he had counted coup against. He wore no jewel except his beaded war shirt being that his father the Chief had once told him his own bravery was the Only treasure worth a man's wear. So then he checked once, twice, a dozen times until his sisters pleaded for him to play in the water and to stop worrying, alas submerging himself and resuming with their rare peace. Off from the east came an outsider weary from his travels, John Reid knew he was lost the moment he lost sight of the city and confusedly sought out the town he once called home, bumping into tribes and drunken cowboys on his way. With only his horse Silver and an empty canteen at his side, he haggardly marched on through the wilds of unmade roads and intertwining trails until he heard the merciful sounds of girls giggling in the distance behind a great sand dune, he gratefully urged Silver onward until he dismounted and marched forth to introduce himself and to ask of sharing the water. Upon seeing seven semi-nude natives to the land and robes hanging upon a tree as if to display the death of a thousand merlin, John ducked behind a stone roughly his height, he peeked over to the forms whom had their backs turned, seemingly occupied with catching the dancing seeds of dandelion flowers puffing along a northeastern-bound breeze. John assumed he could be excused by the seven indigenous maidens if he could explain his thirst easily enough, and that he could keep a blindfold if they were more than uncomfortable with him being the only man in their presence. Behind him came screams, John quickly blindfolded himself as he blindly felt his way to the directions of the screams, he bashfully shouted as he forgot of speaking only in sign rather than using a language most likely not known in these parts, \"Excuse me! I'm sorry to barge- Barge into your place!\" \"If only you- If you would please kindly allow me passage to the water source, I'd be most grateful!\" John's cheeks flared as the screams amplified and the splashing of wet bodies clamoring out of the water became clear, his legs were about to bolt and carry him far away since the poor girls had seen him while he in turn saw them seven naked, he then made out sounds of an airborne flock chattering above him, he quickly said as best as he could without stuttering, \"P-please don't be frightened. I wouldn't dream of harming any of you fair maidens, or trying intentionally to catch you in such a vulnerable state. I'm just very thirsty-\" The knot on John's head came undone, the sun made his eyes ache as he stared wide-eyed to Silver nudging a head rising from the water, until the wet form in question sat leaning forward upon their palms and staring up into the white horse's nose. Tonto had never seen anything with flesh so tall and nearly hairless unless he were looking at a mangy, white, elk whose horns had rotted off, he first wriggled his nose as Silver began sniffing at the strange water creature who did not run as did the girls whom called to Tonto, their voices sharp and loud in the air, which could not deter Tonto from his rarely-satisfied curiosity. He heard over and over 'Get away, little brother!', 'Fly, Tonto!', 'Do not stare at the sickly Moose!' How could he not look away from an animal so gentle and loving? Those dark eyes lined with long lashes and the warm mouth stretched down to the ground as it's white nose nibbled at his shoulder and sopped hair, Tonto's eyebrows furrowed as his face lolled side to side as a curious little pigeon does when enquiring about questionable seeds. John found the courage to approach then, his boots tracking through the sand as he continued to observe the person half sitting in the lake's shallow edge and half leaning out upon the smoothened gravel layered with a sheet of damp algae. He knew enough by the collection of scars to draw near the people of the west with utmost care, lest he get either an arrow to the limb or a club to the chest, he slowly allowed himself to be seen by wise young eyes doubtlessly regarding him with a mix between uncertainty and interest. To his utter surprise, whom he presumed to be a Man slithered out gracefully from the water, but nestled between the strong jaws lay lush lips and a narrow, straight nose, above those doubtlessly feminine characteristics were a pair of eyes which only a mother doe had for her fawn. John straightened up his back as he knelt down and offered 'her' a hand, which she took as her eyes lay on his unmoved, \"Ma'am, I-\" Tonto stood fully as John took in the flat chest clothed by leather-woven beads and long legs tapering to places all too familiar to the male species, he gasped as he slapped his other hand over his eyes, \"Oh, dear God!\" Tonto on the other hand grew ever more tied to drinking in the new things he had now just seen, he was even more worried of the man with eyes the same color of a blind elder's, he reached up to the hand and pulled the limb away to reveal eyes which mimicked the jewel-like blue of the mating dragonflies, he arched a brow as he brushed a hand up John's cheeks along the stubbly skin, his fingers pulling away as he felt as if he had grabbed a handful of the juniper's scrubby white hair. His thumbs gripped at the sides of John's lips, pulling and molding the skin whichever way as if to wipe away the desert's white dust from the sickly pale skin, yet the color stayed, John was likely reminiscent to a man toiling in the sun all day with his blood-filled complexion, the pale man's teeth big, white and all the more menacing while he stretched the slightly dry lips every which way he could. John at long last had gotten over the initial shock of calling a man 'ma'am' and in the least finding her…him Attractive. Tonto could almost think the same, as he leaned his nude body flush against John, he sniffed the man's mouth as if expecting something foul, but drew away only slightly, to pull at the waves of hair which were the same color as burning amber sap. He was so curious of the man's skin color. Had the pale man bleached in the sun as a cleaned bone does? Had the poor stranger fallen ill by the cold fever? Most likely not since the man's skin was burning and sweating in his hands, he dared to lick a wet stripe from John's stubbly chin to his cheek. John's breath sounded halfway between a surprised wheeze and a moaning gasp as he righted himself to watch the native man's lips work at sampling what he could only describe as 'the exaggerated motion of tasting.' Now somewhat satisfied of his prodding, Tonto wrung his hair which stuck to the back of his thighs until he peeled the wet strands away and walked with his bare feet across the mingling gravel and golden sand to the rock he had whence hung his feathered coat. John found his opportunity then to seize the other man for his knowledge, he ran across to the coat with it's fur interwoven and braided in alongside a layer of feathers, he grabbed up the clothing before Tonto had the chance to touch a tuft upon it's glossy surface. Tonto in turn reached to the coat held out from his grasp, realizing that if he could not have his coat back, he would not be able to return home to his tribe and family, with gentle words he explained as calmly as he could manage: \"Please, honorable Brother, return what belongs to me. I will give you anything you wish in return,\" Tonto read nothing but embarrassment on John's face, maybe for the fact of their current states, he mentally scolded himself for not offering the lake to the pale man first before jumping in with his sisters. What a rude man he felt for being so ungenerous to the obvious newcomer to the lands he frequented. \"Please, honorable Brother, I beg of you. Return what is mine and no harm will befall you, this I swear to you as the son of Chief Wise-Eagle,\" he stepped forward only to confusedly listen as if he were hearing the babble of elk calling to one another in the forest. \"I'm sorry, mister. I really am, but will you Please put on some clothing! It's very distracting to speak with a nude man!\" John held the coat away, weary of the possible weapons or poisons harbored in the various invisible pockets and assumingly stitched bags beneath the folds, he motioned downward to the blank and troubled gaze of Tonto, he motioned overstatedly to the parts of the native which troubled him the most all the while saying to himself, \"Why do I always talk to the village idiot and over prepare for nothing.\" Tonto could hardly understand what the man before him was telling him; either the pale man had an unusual affliction of the kidney or had an urgent ailment of the reproductive sort, it was suddenly too ridiculous with how John kept motioning over his crotch area that he burst out laughing outward from his belly, the sound rolling through his chest and outwards tumbling from his lips in mirthful waves echoing happiness and humor. Being the only thing with a decipherable brain and two legs in the desert for the past two weeks had John in shock at the lethargy he had within himself, he stopped mid-grind, mid-crotch-gesture, mid-heartbeat as the naked man hunched forward and slapped his nude knees as tears poured down his cheeks. He nervously chuckled, but quickly covered the aforementioned parts he had been making a spectacle of only a moment ago, he tossed Tonto a spare shirt and a dark tan pair of pants he felt himself unable to wear for the too-small waistline and close double-stitched high waist for suspenders. All John wanted was a decent exchange between two decently Clothed gentlemen for directions to the place he lost in his childhood, which was not so hard was it? But Tonto was completely in awe and in frustration that he first examined the clothing instead of putting on the strangely and thinly woven fibers, he could hardly understand if the material were wool, yet was not thick enough to be definitely wool, the clothing was airy and flimsy, maybe it was taken straight from the clouds and dried on land, even still was the pattern of the cuts and stitches very much unusual. What a stranger he had come upon! Of course John took initiative and fitted Tonto with the clothing, which instead the native man just as quickly shucked himself of, and the game continued until John gave up and finally began speaking in heated and terribly worded sentences: \"I need directions into you- -into Your to Town! Do you understand!\" John knew he was shouting, but it seemed to stop all of Tonto's laughing, he paraded around in circles and paced back and fourth before the man who stood a head smaller than he, he felt his skin beginning to scald with the heat he had surging under his cheeks and neck, \"My horse needs rest and I need stalling- No!\" \"What's so funny! I'm sure I'm not the only man you've seen out here dying of arousal-!\" John whipped about only to come face to face with that same laughing man who could not for the life of either figure out what the other said, he instead shook Tonto's hand in farewell, \"You know what? Thank you for your directions, and good luck with the nude colony, it must be wonderful having the gait of a stork without the reprisal of breeches.\"[Chapter 7] \"How've you come to find us, John?\" Rebecca asked, her eyes alight and wonder just as expectantly pouncing on the few words John suddenly had to offer during their brief hello, she settled into her seat as the table before them was served up a platter of beef cutlets, potatoes and a pitcher of warm milk, \"I expect them people wouldn't let you leave even if you wanted.\" \"Which explains my lack of understanding this place if Tonto was the one to lead me here,\" John crookedly smiled though half willingly since he was still at a loss of understanding How he had offended his friend in the first place, he murmured a quick 'thank you' to one of the farm hands as she poured him a glass of whiskey which he could not find the stomach in him to swallow, he instead smoothed out the cloth napkin over his lap and took up his silverware in hand, \"I guess he wanted me to get reacquainted with my past.\" \"Of course he would, you're not one of them,\" Rebecca only smiled around her dainty bit of cutlet, their eyes made brief contact before John made such a painful-looking grin which instantly caused the whole jolly affair to sour and become all the more uncomfortable, she concluded, \"It's a sad truth, John, but we'll never have anything in common except for the land we live on.\" If John were saying he had never been hurt by Tonto, he would be lying, the first time he met his friend his head was bruised then like a plum growing outwards from his forehead between his brows, now he was trying his hardest not to massage his chest for the ache he found there hiding, the seed Tonto planted there now dying from a starvation he knew was one made by love. A kind so pure and seemingly able to withstand anything if only they did not part, was now withering, he could feel the roots crumbling inside his bones, the buds which had yet to flower already curling into themselves and freezing in the unfruitful autumn with unripe discontent. He felt as if he were being studied by the people he once knew, Danny himself found it hard to ask his uncle questions about the tribe next door, about how it felt to kill a man, about why John looked so sad while glancing to the sand dunes and about where his trusty riding partner went. The boy went about quietly chewing and sipping his milk, his gaze shooting to his abruptly stiff mother and his hound dog-faced uncle cheerlessly picking and gobbling the food. \"The natives are nothing at all like the way we heard them to be, Rebecca,\" John attempted to smile, only wavering slightly as the last touch of Tonto he remembered was on in farewell, \"I have in fact been treated well while resting in their camp. They are wonderfully equipped and knowledgeable of this land we've come to call the 'Wild West'.\" \"Absolutely, though it's an equally wonderful change from all the smoke and noise back east. I miss it sometimes,\" Rebecca nodded, though trying her best to sway the subject from a topic she was quite foreign to, she sipped her hot tea, \"Don't you, John?\" \"I can't remember how the east was from time to time,\" he shrugged, again trying not to recall the hurt flash across Tonto's face before melting into the coldest stare he had ever received from him not since he screwed up apprehending Cavendish, he stabbed into the meat and took a mouthful, \"Maybe it was 'civilized'.\" \"It's probably all that trail dust clogging up your better judgment. Besides, this place is full of liars willing to spin a good tale for the few listening ears,\" Rebecca was none the less a little disturbed, but more than happy to serve her homed love at the sight of his returned appetite, \"More potatoes?\" He finished his meal with a side of a full stomach and heartburn from eating so quickly, saying goodnight to Rebecca was more or less familial without feeling in the deep kiss bestowed unto her. Unable to sleep properly in a bed, John carried a blanket and pillow out unto the porch to watch the full moon rise from the east, the moon Deity floated from her home and flashed her white buffalo robes as she sought out her husband the Sun Deity, unable to find her only equal love, she sat amidst the clouds and comforting stars as she wept tears which were made into shooting stars. John had a dream that very night, he was wandering a path with no goal, no sun shone a light nor gave him a direction for which to follow, he felt as if he had walked for hours by the pain in his legs and thighs, soon he felt parched, almost dried out to exhaustion. Far away and quickly approaching, came illuminating the dark a faint light, as if it were only a candle fighting against a wind alone, John's legs would not stop moving long enough for him to think if the place he was heading near was safe or even Not a trick his mind was playing on him. His fingers swept along a solid object, the source warm, soft and tight, just below near the height of his waist lay a movable cloth-like hide, he peeled the skin aside and crawled into the teepee's entrance. Before him sat Tonto, the man's hands in continuous motion of combing out his long hair with a wooden comb which John had given to him as a gift after complaining of the hair tangling in his suit while riding, but there was something also amiss: a trail led from Tonto's eyes to his chin which then in turn dripped unto his ever-moving hands. John tried to make sense of everything he was seeing, he had never knew Tonto possessed more than the stoic face he always wore, only once in a great while seeing the man smile was like an eclipse every four years, and suddenly as if being revealed the secret of longevity, he felt the slap of pity leaving a bruise across his pride's cheek. Movement caught his notice as he watched a tear form, the liquid growing at the base of Tonto's eyelash, and slowly riding across the high cheekbones unto the tightly-clamped chin, the minute flash as the tear caught light from the fire only made the ranger more curious of what secrets those unwanted tears contained, and like a knife upon flesh, John felt the sharp edge of each tear bite into him. The first vision to assault him was a night five days after their agreed partnership: They walked for a while tracking Butch Cavendish in the red sands and spackling of tall yellow scrub blooming tiny white flowers, they had been on foot for hours while Tonto urged John to ride behind instead of poking around the sand and being led astray by the simple rabbit prints, or the slithering four-legged stride of a rock lizard, or the dust-laden stomping of a herd of the unseen mustang herd, and a few crooked loping prints of downed drunks. John found and interesting trail once, watching the trail wind and cut in graceful indents before he could ask Tonto what they were, he heard and felt it: a rattling followed by the fiery twin sting of teeth to his upper shin and one to his right hand, he fell before the hissing could subside and lost consciousness. Yet the vision kept going, as if he were watching a silent film in school or witnessing a picture come to life - Tonto picked up the diamond back by the tail, and he also spoke perfectly! \"Why did you have to go and do that, little nephew?\" Tonto picked up the snake by the cusp between rattling tail and belly skin, his voice sounded strained, strange to John's ears and urgent, \"He is a friend!\" \"White Men came and killed all my daughters, my sons, my wife and parents! And for what, for the plain clothes We Snake-People wear!\" the snake transformed into a man being held by the wrist by Tonto, he was tall and dark-skinned, his long hair plaited with wide leather strips to make the illusion of diamonds being printed down his back, his face smooth and serpentine-like, his clothing made of scales all the while he gripping two white daggers dripping something foul, \"If they wanted to wear it, we would give it!\" \"Little nephew,\" Tonto knelt down to John's splayed body, he smoothed back the damp hair and explained warmly, his brown eyes not once moving from the downed ranger, \"-he is different. Spirit Walker is my only hope for making right what was wrong, he knows my ways, he understands me like no other - even that of my own kin.\" \"Ay, you've given him a name,\" the Snake-Man slapped his own head, he then untied the rattling pouch hanging at his lower back and reached in, he placed the contents in Tonto's hand and instructed, \"Take my magic and heal him, give him a sign of protection after you are done and my kin shall never harm him again.\" \"Thank you, little nephew,\" Tonto shifted the contents in his open hand revealing white liquid which hardened in the sunlight into four white crystals, and a silver arrowhead engraved with the sign of the Snake-People, Tonto closed his eyes for a moment, then prophesized, \"In four days, you shall meet a beautiful snake-maiden named Coiled-Skin Girl. Keep her safe and she will give you many more children.\" \"Farewell, uncle. Thank you,\" the Snake-Man gripped Tonto's shoulder in farewell as he nodded good naturedly to the ranger still on the ground, \"Tell the idiot to keep his nose out of dens; he is very noisy.\" \"Don't forget 'Curious' like all men's nature,\" Tonto shouted to the running figure who then crouched down low and dove into the sand, leaving behind a long slithering trail in the brush and sand. \"Like all men!\" the snake hissed back. Tonto took no mind of the stars rising from the east and the sun falling behind the canyons in the west, he rolled up John's pants leg, and put his lips to the bruised flesh turning a sickly shade of reddish-black, John's head rolled from side to side as the pain gripped his mind one last time and left in a burning pulse. Tonto spat out the poison which glittered and shined under the starlight, he sat back on his hunches to regain his breath but gulped in air as he gently took John's right hand, he glanced to the ranger to see if he was watching, yet quickly caught his bearings on the dreadfulness of the situation, he lightly placed his lips on the flesh between John's thumb knuckle and index finger knuckle, he sucked in a strong rhythm to draw out the spreading venom, until his mouth was full of the bitter stuff, he spat only to look upon John's face and see a pair of blue eyes watching him. The tracker at first wriggled his nose and peered into the unmoving blue eyes trained solely on him, he kneeled in closer until they were both nearly nose to nose, and John blinked. Tonto grabbed the nearest thankfully thin rock and cracked it on John's head, he instantly balled up his fists and hissed at John's knocked-out self, \"You see what you do to me!\" John grabbed his forehead with both hands as he fell on his rump and a curse back inside the teepee. Inside the warmth of the place he stayed, a woman entered behind him and spoke to Tonto as if they both could not see John sitting near the fire, she was the tribeswoman whom fed the pair and had smiled hellos whenever seeing the pair together: \"Where is he?\" she looked around behind her two white braids to the hide-walled teepee as if she were to find whom she was looking for behind a mysterious fold. \"Where is who?\" Tonto shifted uncomfortably, his steady motions of brushing the long black hair surrounding him becoming more of a caterpillar inching down a mountain. \"Of all the years feeding you, Wild-One, Man-of-the-Water-Place, I see you Alas with someone you love,\" the woman came into the teepee with her iron pot of stewed meats and the small bundle to berry cake and acorn bread, she easily took her fire stick and arranged a neat set of coals until she could set the pot atop the hot surface, her voice was whittled but clear, \"He makes you smile. Spirit-Walker makes you laugh like you had when you were a child.\" \"All children grow up sometime, especially one in his thirty-fourth spring,\" the tracker placed his head in his hands and shut his eyes to the tribeswoman's kindness which only served to usher out more unwanted tears. \"Oh, young Wild-One, if you live to see me at my age, you'll learn that not all White-People are bad, not all life is meant to last,\" she limped slowly around the fire, she sat atop the bundle of John's mattress and blankets, her hand slowly stroking Tonto's head as it came to rest on her knee. \"Is it why being apart from him hurts so much?\" his voice was low, cracking, broken and fighting to steady itself. John's shock became anger at himself. \"I will not lie when I say it is the worst pain of all,\" she quietly reminded Tonto, \"Remember, my child: remember the times he had brought you so much happiness…\" A second vision came to John, the teepee became distant, almost as if it were a toy placed behind a dune: \"These. For food,\" Tonto lifted up an intact thorny branch displaying the round red berries, they were both crouched side by side behind the berry bush as he continued to explain in his own broken English, \"Better in the summer.\" The land once parched had just drank up her thirsty fill of her season's first monsoon, and for the faithful people's efforts in her, she provided a bountiful game of deer, plump hares, wild chicken and fattened mountain sheep. Since then, Tonto had decided to teach John in the ways of his tribe, or firstly 'how to survive with nothing', which was seeming to go swimmingly until the tracker began 'Shushing' John's every question and comment, it somehow felt connected to something John could not understand. \"Are you sure the pine tea won't give me an upset stomach-?\" John asked before being again shushed, but John standing apart from himself had Heard what it was that Tonto was hearing all this time. He took off his hat and listened to the whisper in the trees: 'Don't they look the pair!', 'I see Wild-One blushing!', 'Look at them! Look at them!', 'My, my!', 'Wild-One and Spirit-Walker sitting in a tree-!' There was a flutter and a crack as the voices disappeared, John looked across from him to see Tonto smirking at the many winged birds take flight, a bird dove in and whistled into Tonto's ear: 'Kiss him, you idiot!' Tonto growled, just then the songbirds settled back into the shading cottonwood tree leaning over the two and then came more whistling voices twittering to one another: 'You're going to regret Not doing anything!', 'Don't they just look twitter-painted?', 'Oh, the way they sit so Close!', 'Off your butt and into his Arms!', 'Hurry up before I steal him myself!', 'Oh, the clueless fools-!' John squinted into the sunlight, and saw maidens with long hair and dressed in brightly woven skirts giggling to each other, their loud whispering voices muted by the passing breeze, he then looked at Tonto's head only to see an old man dressed in black robes sitting on Tonto's shoulders and shouting at the girls, \"Shut up, you hags! Can't you see he's trying his Best!\" Tonto then reached into his leather bag and sprinkled seed into the old man's pointed mouth, which he noisily gobbled and coughed, \"Just you wait! Just you silly girls wait - he'll have this White fool yet-!\" The combination of wording and watching John's dream-self taking the first sip of bitter pine needle tea, Tonto fell unto his back laughing, his smile so wide and stomach so full of joyful sounds that John wondered if he would ever see the man's stoic face again, not that he cared to welcome it back so soon. \"Do you enjoy these visions?\" the voice so distinctly his partner's rang behind him, John spun about to be met with the handsome unpainted face of Tonto, \"They are my most precious memories, Spirit-Walker.\" John's mouth fell open, he asked Tonto, \"Why was that the only time I have ever seen you so truly happy, Tonto?\" \"If you knew my heart better then I did, you would know of what I truly considered the state of 'Happiness', Spirit-Walker,\" Tonto smiled shyly, almost sadly as he led the way to the darkest corner of the setting, the sands became a blackness, the tree shrunk into nothingness as did the mesas, Tonto gently took both of John's hands into his own and spoke clearly, \"You truly are - Different. Not many people come to this place and can say much to another Spirit-Walker like yourself.\" They had both come to a place, stars dotting the sky all around except for four places and the glittering bridge upon which both John and Tonto stood. \"Do you see behind me to the west?\" Tonto asked, glancing behind him to the teepee below the seated Moon Deity weeping shooting stars. \"Yes,\" John nodded in remembered sadness. \"It is my home. Our home if you decide to follow me,\" Tonto brought up the clasped hands to his chin and felt the warmth with his cheekbones and explained of the lights and towering buildings illuminated by the Sun Deity whom glanced around for his Moon-Bride, \"Behind you is New York, a place you may go back to.\" \"To our left is Red's where you will spend forever regretting everything you have done, and you will die there a sorry drunk,\" Tonto said, they both looked down from the bridge to the lantern-like glow, songs jangling as did the wild moaning of both sexes, they glanced down the other side of the bridge to the other side, \"To our right-\" \"Rebecca,\" John answered, the image of Rebecca sleeping alone as a soft glow of moonlight lit her face softly, her inner voice whispering to him in her sleep: 'John…John…John…' \"You will live out your days as happy as you can be, she will give you ten children,\" Tonto explained as he lent his power of foresight to transform the present to the bright future, John sat surrounded by many children while the many bodies pranced around himself and the smiling wife and mother Rebecca; the setting remained the same, yet the time appeared into the far future: John lay in his deathbed, his beard long and surrounded by all his grown children and their own numerous children, \"You will grow old and die in your great-grandchildren's arms.\" \"I cannot promise you anything, John Reid Spirit-Walker,\" Tonto looked up at John; the scene again changing into a vision of the possible: Tonto being thrown into the streets from establishments, his people being treated unjustly, \"For I am a child to this land, I will always be seen as an animal.\" \"For I am seen as an animal, I will never be civilized or an equal,\" Tonto directed their gazes to a vision of the Comanche people being put into tiny jails made up of land, and another vision of them both fighting hand to hand seemingly to the death, \"For I stick with my choice, I may not always see eye to eye with you.\" Again all visions reverted to the peace of the stars for one more truth was made clear, John saw only two graves deep inside a canyon and beneath those graves lay two men embracing for eternity as if in an eternally tranquil dream, \"For I am a man, I will not bear you children.\" \"Yet because you love me, it is all I can promise to love you in return if not equally, then more than you,\" Tonto said calmly, his hands clasping John's one final time before he let go and proceeded to walk down the starry bridge westward back to the teepee they had once shared, he looked back and waved, his hands flat and closed atop one another as he closed them over his chest, one hand leaving his body as the other lay at his side, he swept the hand to John. The sign language meaning more to John than he could ever force himself to care for. \"I love you, Wild-One!\" John threw his hands skyward to shake the stars from sleep and shouted to the world as the sun began creeping over to the west, the Sun Deity alas coming to his bride the Moon Deity, taking her cold hands in his hot ones, they met for a kiss which turned the world black and lit up the sky in the fires of their eternal love. John awoke with a start, he sat up on his hunches and glanced up vaguely at the eclipse burning like a black sun in the heavens. He saddled up Silver and rode to the one place he decided to call home. hi there, readers! :) Thanks for your patience, & as for my thank you- I've started up a group on DeviantArt called 'TontoXTheLoneRanger', very original huh? You'll find some hard-worked TontoxJohnReid pieces made by awesome people I had the pleasure of meeting...& as for the afterthought, there's a contest too... :P go ahead & check it out :)[Chapter 8] i'm so Very sorry if following the chapters have been well...confusing...but some of these stories have been samples & they will say so at the very bottom, i'll delete them as soon as i've updated their second half on Ao3. Excuse the porn on Ao3, that's where my stash is hidden. This story was requested especially by a reader & her themes: Tonto!Dom, LoneRanger!Sub, Marriage, & Slight Angst enjoy the first half of the fic while I get the second half ready~ Priest or Witch-Doctor Needed Tonto lay on a ruffled maroon spring mattress, his weight making the springs creak as he turned to face John who lay in a separate bed, his blue eyes closed and breathing calmly, he stood up and rubbed his face, feeling the skin of a stranger as his hands passed over the unpainted panes which he had once diligently covered with the pigment of finely ground crushed herb and cedar oils. He looked to the crow perched atop a risqué painting just above John's bed, drawn to the image below the erotic work of art Tonto dimmed the yellow lamp on the stand to a faint glow and uncovered the upper half of John's body. The scent of sacred herbs burning on the stove sated the injured ranger as much as possible, John slept unawares while the bruises on his body were observed, careful fingers brushing sweat off his skin and cleansed him with water drippings from soaked leaves, roots and dried blooms. A bundle of spare sheets lay in a pile, reaching for one, he dipped the cloth into the basin of fragrant water, his fingers and cloth emerging soaked, wet leaves clinging as roots lay at the bottom of the cracked white enamel basin. John shivered at the touch of Tonto's fingers clutching the cloth to his bruises, a cool which first dampened his skin and a warmth of the palm sweeping over his skin calmed him, a deep sigh no longer able to hold itself from behind his slightly opened lips. The ranger's body twisted in search of Tonto's light touch, his aching skin craving to have the painful throb once again soothed away, his ears picking up faint sounds of Tonto's voice shaping without words unknown to him a chant, a prayer of wellness to beseech to an all powerful being he had not a name for. Noises of giggling women, of laughing drunkards and the banging of the upright piano were drowned out to John: Tonto's breathing, his hot palms and the prepared herbs, his soft voice gently nudging the ranger away from the wounds' smarting sting existed upon the shared present they both occupied. Tonto massaged the bruises, his fingers slowly edging toward the bullet wounds in John's lower right ribcage and left thigh, he made sure not to twist any muscle nor attempt to reach into the broken flesh, he instead concentrated, trusting his body to the being in the world above his own to save his friend. The last thought gave him pause only for the second his mind was occupied by an idea other than saving his partner, he closed his eyes in the dimness, the shadows overtaking John's sleeping form, alas the world became quiet, the stillness expanding unto forever, nothingness turning into a knowledge, a much-needed while he had before he let his mind wander and possibly damage John more than was already done. The vibrating floorboards and rhythmic stomping of the girls' heels came back, as did John's consciousness, he blinked at first, his voice raspy as he saw Tonto's shadowed form holding his fists above his body, \"Tonto?\" \"Lucky Spirit-Walker,\" Tonto answered, he opened both palms turned upright, two bloody slugs shone in the weak yellow light, he threw both objects out the open window and took his place next to John, \"Take care next time.\" John gulped weakly at the fingers tracing over his two nearly closed wounds, the first instinct told him to say thank you like a well-bred man, the other infected by Tonto's stoic nature screamed for him to claim what had been stolen from him since the hours before, the evening preceding the current night when his heart was taken from his chest and awaited an answer from Tonto. Bones heavy and muscles weak, the ranger attempted to sit up, Tonto quickly hooked an arm under his shoulders, the other around his waist, John lay against the headboard atop Tonto's arms, and he lay so close in his partner's gentle grip. Aware of the heat on his cheeks which only made Tonto's eyes widen just slightly. Maybe out of surprise? Out of disgust? Possibly from desire? Amusement? John had no idea, he rather would not tempt fate nor his luck in finding out which made the tiniest of reactions possible, yet he was in so much pain to find out, to see if there were a light at the end of this endless tunnel he seemed to be lost in with Tonto at his side. His skin heated, his chest felt both full and light, his blood seemed as if to rush to his cheeks and throughout his entire body until he sat completely flushed from head to toe, his body numb to the agony he once retained. There was the notion of whether Tonto had ever been in love or if he was drawn to a certain person, the torture of both not knowing and already positively predicting the answer was the greatest of his anguish. John instead laid his forehead against his tracker's jawbone and licked his lips to whet the yearning tingle he felt beneath his skin, too tired and his heart too weak in his pursuit of an already-clear answer. Surely Tonto had many admirers, the dangerous and chivalrous qualities about the strange man was a definite trait which drew more than the occasional woman of ill repute. John could not at all say if Tonto even Knew how to buy a woman for the sole purpose of pleasure, since it was already spoken that most or all tribes considered doing so a taboo. Was the notion for falling in unrequited lust with a 'white-skinned demon' under the same category as such? But the ranger was no fool after seeing yankee schools with children despised by society, sometimes the story being that their birth came to sired by a winsome brave or their mothers having been stolen and married to the chief's eldest son, the stories went on and on. Tonto was a mystery at best. John at first decided to pretend-faint, afterwards ask if the crow had seeds, but finally pushed all cowardice aside to do what better judgment required of him, \"Thank you.\" John found himself a little awkward and rude to demand or even steal an unsolicited kiss from his partner; a mental scolding was in order. Alas growing accustomed to the thought of preserving his friendship through ignoring his longing, Tonto took John by his nape and tilted the man's chin upward, his brown eyes sad but betraying his joyfully tender expression behind the long wisps of black hair, the tracker only spoke triumphantly, his tone low and free of vanity, \"Don't ever - Ever take journey without me, Kee-Mo-Sabe.\" \"Not without me,\" Tonto heaved his companion close, his body bowed over the injured man, he felt himself so close to tears due to the fact that everyone he seemed to know died, especially one who became more than a blood brother, he kept his voice strong as he declared quietly, \"Will always find you. Will always bring you back, Kee-Mo-Sabe.\" The tiniest waves of relief swept over John, like the soothing touch to his cheek, a few deft fingers ghosting along his skin as the soft sensation of Tonto's lower lip stayed set gently over his upper lip, and he gasped, his mind unable to believe the telltale beginning of a kiss. The weakness in his body refused to allow him to take initiative and change their touch into a answer to Tonto's questioning hint of warmth, he instead clung with all his might to remember every detail of this moment, his strength-sapped hands attempting to grip Tonto's arms, his lips only lightly closing over the tracker's lower lip in farewell to the dream he would tomorrow wake from. John's form melted into gravity's pull, his eyes no longer able to fight against the delicious caress of his friend's gestures. Sleep came unwanted, the sun rose from the east that cold mid-spring morning and John's health along with Tonto's need to ride away from Red's bordello. Shadows of the earth came hardly alit before the tracker hurried himself and John away from the house of empty pockets and full breeches, on they rode to a town famed by it's Pony Express route. Gray and scrub-colored penny lizards skittered over flat stones upon their trail, rattlers and harmless corn snakes hissed from under yellow brush and thick foliage of wild blue sage pluming straight up from the soft red grains of earth, sand rolling beneath the darker soils while the wind seemed as if to funnel a whispering echo through the canyons. For the first time since their meeting, John wholeheartedly leaned his body into Tonto, his arms slightly dangling as the tracker kept a woven belt sash tied over their buckles, Tonto smiled every once in a moment after hearing John's relieved sighs against his shoulder and at the memory of their all too brief evening. As the town came into view, Tonto held tight to John's lax hands, townsfolk stopped, pointed, stared, whispered of the two men riding a white horse, one White with a mask, the other a savage with his head held high and jaws unmoving, almost proud if anyone saw the tiny smile on his lips. When John came to, he found himself on his back with gentle fingers dabbing away the noontime sweat collected on his neck, a damp cloth draped over his forehead and a hand lightly tracing his hairline, his vision slowly focused on the tracker perched above him and face soft with concern, John had to touch just to see if he was at all dreaming. The slight motions of his fingers tracing the lips and chin had Tonto smiling, John drew back and quickly mumbled what his raspy voice would allow in a rush, \"Tonto- I should apologize for what happened last night. I wasn't all there and I'm sorry if I've offended-\" Tonto stole the rest of John's words from his chest and the tip of his lips as they inevitably drew close, the tracker dove headlong, their lips enclosed upon the other, one so mild and tender until John found the strength within himself to lean up and into the taste of mashed juniper berries and the tiniest bite of teeth against his lips, John opened himself a little wider as he swallowed what little fear he had left in facing the world. Tonto hummed appreciatively, not because the popular belief of his people not accustomed to kissing, which was partially true, he inhaled the breath of his partner, his lungs seeming as if to flutter as the flavor of John's favorite foods made him smile: dried jerky and berry cake, all of which Tonto made for his partner when they were more than three days from the Comanche camp. Tonto made his mind up then, he came upon one knee and took John's hands into his, \"Marry.\" Untrue to popular belief that a 'savage' forcefully took white brides against their will, this was truly an strange gesture which Tonto was making: Formally asking the bride-to-be of a courtship, since said-consenting brides were married on the spot by way of word than ceremonial pomp. \"I don't know what to say…\" John paused, his mind trying to catch up with what Tonto's hands were already doing, taking from his own wrist a silver concho inset with a leather band and fastening the ends to John's right wrist, finally the meaning dawning on John, he began to lay out half-made plans, \"Should I invite my family? Should I get together a priest? A padre? A judge? A witchdoctor? And about the suit-\" Unbeknownst to John, Tonto retreated to the door asking for the made infamous Madame Red to look after John while he was away on 'urgent business', she nodded while leaning up against the doorframe and watching John talk on about the affairs at hand. \"-there should be a reception. And celebration-\" the ranger counted off on his fingers alas asking his groom a question worth answering, \"What about invitations, Tonto?\" \"Will be back soon,\" Tonto poked his head in only to give the 'what ever suits you'-wave as he merrily whistled his way out of Red's Bordello, \"Be ready.\" The next few days were filled with butterflies in John's stomach, air in his steps and fireworks in his heart going off at every thought he had of the wedding between his groom Tonto and himself, he wondered then when he had started thinking of himself as the Bride, he murmured after his days spent recuperating were left quiet and he thought some of his suit for the ceremony, \"Such a silly thing to refer to myself as.\" The world suddenly seemed awake as he sat in bed with Madame Red at his side once in a while saying as she gave him cups of medicinal tea, \"That man must be outta his mind to love you, lawman.\" John was easily seated on the bed, his wounds almost healed but still retaining the slight bruises if he pressed too hard on the areas, he sipped the hot herbal mixture as he again asked her the question they had both dwelled on for the duration he was boarded in Red's private rooms, \"What makes you think so, Miss Harrington?\" \"A white man and a redskin, nothing never sounded so ridiculous as the flying pig circus,\" she easily said in her sure-to-the-fact-manner all the while brushing her hair and redoing her ginger curls to the perfect height atop her crown, \"I'm sure he ain't the very first person you've had eyes for, anyone even blind can reckon you've got the late ranger Reid's widow. She's the pretty sort. The easily hurt-kind.\" John hated this part of their talk: the direction of him telling his brother's widow and sealing his fate as a dead ranger killed by a ranch woman, he peeked from the cup to Red whom was currently awaiting his reply in her womanly manner not yet extinguished by her deviant profession, her eyes prompted him to answer and her leg pointed his direction pressed for the truth, he felt less threatened of Red than Rebecca's anger, \"Telling Rebecca of the wedding will only make her see my brother's ghost sooner.\" \"Is giving her false hope what you want for her, lawman?\" Red pursed her lip as she smoothed out her skirts and continued on her candid way explaining her thoughts, \"She'll be old and dead before she ever sees you again, and only swine would let a poor thing like her wonder all her years what is wrong with her to turn a good man away.\" \"You're right. I shouldn't keep her in the dark,\" John set his empty cup aside, finally deciding to Think rather than talk Around the subject of inevitably Telling Rebecca of the marriage, he felt the dark cloud hanging over the day to happen, but resolved that tipping off Rebecca was for the best, \"Maybe I can tell Rebecca indirectly, kind of talk a bit of sense while letting her down gently to decide what she makes of the entire matter.\" \"Just don't mention you're marrying a Man, she'll doubt herself and take up arms before marching through the affair,\" Red then unbuckled her ivory leg and handed John the barrel end as she began to polish the smooth limb to perfection as her rouged lips lifted in a grin, while they alas came upon an agreement. \"Acting unladylike isn't at all in Rebecca's nature,\" John answered, feeling an odd absence of lust as he held the prosthetic limb in his hands while Red continued to dab and buffer gently, \"But she will try and make light of the situation, I think.\" The girls of Red's never slept being that they took many naps during the day to remain awake far into the night, John slowly grew accustomed to the singing, tapping, laughing, and obvious state of the oldest profession in other rooms below Red's where he stayed. By candle, he sat at her desk with a borrowed quill and paper, a stack of lists at his side and another stack of hand-written invitations on the other, he was writing out his last invitation and he was suddenly hit by doubt, his fingers hesitating to pen out simple sentences, and his mind refusing to step away from the past they had shared as near-lovers. He cursed himself, head in hand and the fresh page wordless, John wished now more than ever to be encouraged by Tonto's presence to make everything clear to Rebecca of his finding an unlikely half of himself, yet he knew this was a struggle against the memories he had to try alone to fully get over Rebecca. He haltingly began: Dearest Rebecca… John paused, his finger wrapped around the pen as he wondered to himself when Had he stopped pursuing Rebecca Reid; the very first signs he felt that he could live without his first love was the moment Tonto showed him a sign of friendship. So small was the gesture just two weeks after Tonto and himself's all-too-platonic-alliance, but understanding how not only water and food being natural sources of living were hard to come by, he was even more surprised by the fact that both were prepared already by the time they headed back to camp on their first day as riding partners. It was such a short and instantaneous memory, yet he remembered every detail down to the Almost-kiss they had before being interrupted by a mouse running up John's night clothing, he slammed his head against the desk in embarrassment as he remembered nearly falling out of the teepee. Our time together, though short, was one of the greatest times of my life… He balled up the page, feeling as if he were writing to a corpse or an epitaph for a tombstone, the thought revolted him as he pulled out a new page and started fresh: Dear Rebecca, We both can't lie for Danny's sake… He threw the next on into the flaming stove and again thought for a moment, thinking twice before putting his pen to the page: Dear Rebecca, You have taught me what it is to love someone with all my heart and to let go. I admit not being able to live day to day, and the thought of Dan taking care of you and Danny made everything better, you had the best man named Reid to have your hand and he in return gave you all he had to give. The one person I was meant for found me in all ways unmarriageable, and yet still pursued to be at my side. Please come to our wedding. - Yours Truly, John Reid The invitation was simple, short and to the point in case Rebecca wanted to skip the bells and whistles reading two pages of flowery language, there was also the lack of gently saying 'I'm not attracted to you anymore'. And a few many things a woman can take - unreturned love? Sure, she can manage. Inability to father? Maybe. Said-first-love marrying a man? John shook his head of the disaster to impede, but once she saw to Whom he was giving himself to, she could in the least understand and perhaps - just Maybe give their marriage her blessings for the long road ahead. He decided to forget wishful thinking for the present time being until the calamity came and it was time to really panic. Rebecca coming to the wedding was an unavoidable disaster ready to happen, he was sure of it. Days turned into a week, nights became warmer and John was sure his invitations were now distributed to the many maybe-surprised public, some of the girls of the establishment now hung from the windows dreamily of the wedding, giggling of things that made John blush as he heard through the walls of his and Tonto's wedding night. They spoke openly of sex: touching what with where, kissing and licking forbidden places, and putting a certain organ in a certain body part, John was suddenly bothered by an absent man doing who-knows-what to him while saying racy little English phrases. Gods and Deities unknown! John's hand suddenly reached down only to be slapped away by Red, she mumbled something close to 'Quit pawing at it or I'll have you tussled in a chastity belt', he stood straighter atop the raised platform with his hands at his sides as the girls with the best sewing fingers fitted the ranger into a white satin vest and a white velvet tailcoat, all which were surprisingly tasteful in elongating his already impressive stature, pins stuck to the unstitched ends while gray chalk outlined the slim fit of his suit. \"I'm confused how we're going about making this suit all fancy when Tonto'll rip it off at the sight of John.\" John blushed and squirmed uncomfortably at the mention of the suit laying ruined while he stood, kneeled, or lay spread naked for his groom-to-be, brown eyes raking hungrily over his body and alas diving towards him… \"Oh, John-\" he glanced down to the voice at the floor, a rouged smile parted to giggle out to him, \"-tell the mister down here to relax.\" \"Stop it, John! We are civilized!\" he cursed quietly under his breath as he slapped a palm over his head, the ladies about him tittering like a lady does when told a joke, \"This is the Fifth time today.\" \"Fancy seeing him awake earlier than usual,\" Red's monotone voice carried over the kneeling and bustling forms beneath John, she hobbled towards the low table which held a rubber-stopped bottle of spirits and a jarful of pins, \"You're stretching out your trousers, lawman, you best keep your pistol holstered before it goes off. We don't want any accidents on the eve of your betrothal.\" \"And I suppose we have a Better suggestion for making me at ease, do we?\" John's cheeks again flared as he marched down from the pedestal stiff-legged and leaned forward to relieve some of the pressure against his Peculiar areas. \"Ladies,\" Red caught the attention of her girls, she nodded to the door and hobbled out behind the gaggle filing out to the main stage, \"The lawman wishes to be alone-\" \"Ah-\" she came back in as an afterthought and warned playfully, \"-Take off the suit before it gets ruined, my girls'd kill you for destroying all their hard work. It ain't like any of these girls're ever gonna see a wedding again, especially one of strange circumstances.\" \"I'd sooner cancan in spurs,\" John replied while taking off the clothing until he stood in his under britches and shirt, Red tutted with a grin and swished her crimson skirt tail out to close the door and leave the ranger in peace. Alone at last with his thoughts, John released the breath he had been gagging on since the day Tonto had left him in the Bordello alone, his feet felt like lead dragging against the worn floorboards, his arms swimming and head thrown on backwards, everything seemed in perfect pace and yet too slow for his liking to hold and be held by the absent groom. Deliberate impatience was the main enemy at the point where John lacked Waiting for the good to come out of the strange arrangement he had knowingly made, yet in it he knew in the moment he shared only for himself he would never be allowed the comfort of peace, thought boring was predictable, but he understood he had the will to follow the chaos along Tonto's path. He had the strength and the courage to 'keep on keeping on', and what he left behind was a past which hurt the only people he cared for: Rebecca and Danny, sooner and equally Tonto. Suddenly, John found he could not calm himself down from the anticipation of belonging to and having for himself the peculiar man who fed a flightless crow, he Wanted that maddening fellow Now. \"Tonto,\" John leaned over the windowsill as he had seen for the longest time and peered into the boundless sky glaring the brightest and most true pale blue he had ever seen, \"When are we getting married?\" TBC on Ao3[Chapter 9] For a wonderful reader who gave me a piece of his mind... & the full Explicit-Version is on Ao3, the link will be provided on my profile page...Please bear with me & thank you all whom migrated there to write me a comment/kudos, Thank you all! The Light of the Dark Moon John could hardly shake the image from his head, a thing that was to haunt him to the end of his days if he was to ever outlive the horror he tried and tried again at erasing his shame, his personal ghosts leaping every shadow and hiding within each face he encountered: Tonto's betrayed stare burning his disgrace and what little respect remained for their friendship. The gesture was small, nearly insignificant, and yet John felt himself buckle and fall like he had been struck at the sight of Tonto's twisted grimace, they had not known each other longer than four months, still there was an unspoken bond between them in which they had felt since first setting eyes on each other, it was more like a pull to one another, their words and minds intertwining at each occasion. Now understanding himself and what he was feeling, he would never gain admission from Tonto as to confirm the unsteady madness enveloping his mind, breathing from his mouth, dancing upon his skin and enclosing his heart – as if he were being fed the first fires of lust. Be what they may, he stumbled tiredly to the rickety single bed inside his tiny home set upon his wide spread of land, and such a lonely place it was for him, his sheep having been sold for the extra money, his chickens going from the coop into hungry coyotes' mouths, his cattle rustled and horses thieved by nearby ranchers, leaving himself with a patch of dry scrub land and a hungry dog ready to eat his own legs. Injustice in all it's untempered glory shone on the land and the people which it served, he hoped he could sleep in peace for one night if fate would allow him, yet there beyond his slightly-opened window came a mournful cry whittling and whispering along the curled grass swaying gently in the wind, spending nearly five weeks in the west and capturing Cavendish, John prided himself in having expanded a little in his knowledge of the wildlife and some of the beautifully painted landmarks erected along the desert – once more the deep cry resounded, startling him for a moment, but knowing that wolves never attacked humans, his body resettled into the bed mattress, pulling the quilt higher up his chin as the lonely song continued. Alike the wolf, John grieved silently within himself, for his tracker-friend whom sat in a jail cell possibly cussing his good name while working magic to cause him bad luck, and in the twist of irony, John felt that he deserved being cursed for betraying his friend – mostly because the people of his town put their trust in him and not agreeing with a lone witness saying he saw Tonto pillage and murder a group of travelers was one way he chose justice over his friendship. Though he was lying on his back, arm over his eyes against the wilted slice of moon peeking through his lightly billowing curtains, he felt as if he were endlessly pacing with his eyes wide open and drinking in memories of his friend; he experienced several touches which he brushed off as mere curiosity. Once while he was telling a horrible story of remorseless killers from back east, Tonto touched his wrist, John was slightly confused being that a touch to the hand conveyed platonic warmth and higher near his elbow was something intimate and sensual, yet to his wrist was altogether tying his logic in knots of hesitancy; another time he had fallen off Silver while being reckless, Tonto's hand was on his lower thigh even as he was laying on the harmless sand dunes on his stomach, again the action in no way shape or form gave him a coherent clue as to What his friend seemed to soothe. It was as if Tonto was avoiding touching something on his body, and yet John considered himself a modest gentleman, too prudent to think even further or to flip his way of thinking and rather understand Why he was no longer being touched except for those very rare moments alone, though townsfolk talked always, never swaying Tonto as they both took on dangerous assignments together. Why loneliness had finally played the sad fiddle for him was no mystery: even as they were private men, they had done nearly everything as a pair. Tonto at his side and himself next to Tonto, and being private men, they kept their personal lives from interfering with their seamless teamwork, it became a challenge the day Rebecca remarried to an honest farmer and Tonto became a holy man bound to thousands upon thousands of rules and taboos – the main one being that he was to live in complete solitude for the remainder of his years without companionship of any sort. All of which lead to Tonto being incarcerated and charged with multiple murders, the man was to be hung the next day – John felt his mind grow distant, cold, empty, and sick with a lifetime of lethargy, the only man in his life as honest and caring as a priest would be taken from him tomorrow and buried in a criminal's grave, it was reason enough that John wanted to spend this night awake, committing each breath as he took to memory, pretending that his friend were taking the air of the free world into his lungs and expelling that of the jail cell. His belief in the higher-thinking, the duality of justice, righteousness in humanity was betrayed not six hours prior, what seemed to be the work of bandits was blamed on one man only for the sole fact that he lived alone and near the area of slaughter, John tried his best to vouch for Tonto's innocence, but his best being only as good as the hate-filled townsfolks' eyes burned him of his resolve, and he gave in without so much as calling for witnesses or evidence. The New York professors in charge of his education may have applauded his decision in dumping all crimes upon the shoulders of one to save the town from anarchy, then again, John had them all put away for more heinous crimes than purse-stealing and horse-thieving, no person showed their true skin by the clothes they wore the same as not 'savage' committed the same crime by his infamy and self-imposed ostracism. The throaty bellow as if coming from a twisted pipe grew louder, and what John learned previously from Tonto was that wolves took one partner and if that partner had died or gotten sick, they whither away soon after of 'dying-heart', for animals seeming so vicious and wild, they were far more affectionate than actual humans who could map out the heart and brain and still not understand whether to love or fight, John made up his mind and withdrew his quilt as he strode blindly to the kitchen with renewed purpose of granting the wolf a death of mercy. The duster he took from the hook beside his door proved too heavy against the light breeze playing along the patchy grass and sand beneath John's bare feet, he went out with a lantern in hand and gun in the other, he glanced about the bare countryside for the wolf, in the distance came a light tinkling as if beads on a trinket-belt were making music from simple movement, he lifted the lantern higher until the light caught a pair of unusually brown eyes. Glinting and glowing like two stars, they disappeared in a gust of black fur, John ambled after upon the deep sand hindering his steps, he scrambled up the hill following the hirsute shadow receding further upon more shadows, the tracks being washed away by the gust of wind following the wolf. John ungracefully worked one leg before the other upon the glowing sand, staring so long so as not to step on tumbleweed seeds, he looked up only to be met with the same pair of eyes, the wolf seeming as if to wait for John, he took note of the beads and bits of bone in the Wolf's scruffy mane, the decoration concentrated upon the canine's neck and paws with one silver clasp at the end of the thick black tail tracing lazily in the sand, John figured that it was a tamed wolf. The wolf bolted towards a wild scruff of juniper trees lining the hill before trickling into the canyon, he shouted after, \"W-wait-!\" They played the same game until the moon touched the eastern rim of the earth, John was by that time exhausted from wandering so far, he had seen places unmapped by eastern eyes, tripped on plants never discovered by anyone other than himself, and shocked half to death of the various strange animals on the way, he came to a lone fire in the distance between a stone and a tree, the wolf sat expectantly between the tree and the fire, again waiting for John. He slowly pulled himself from the bottom of the hill to the top where his lupine host awaited patiently, upon his appearance, the wolf vacated the area and sat on the western side while facing the moon, muzzle pointing out a single bowl of warm tea and an accompanying bowl of berries, John instantly gorged himself with the mixture of powdery red berries, sweet blue juniper berries and tart young black berries, gulping down mouthfuls of springwater after each bite. The wolf sat back on his black hackles and observed John smacking his lips, swigging the sweet water and not once taking notice of the expectant eyes surveying him, blinking and breathing silently without breaking John's concentration; once forgetting he had an audience, John ate more, drank more, unable to see that the food-bowl did not empty and that the water-bowl did not dry, one remained full as the other stayed filled with berries. John alas gave a final sip of water, unable to see the flock of maiden-birds sleeping peacefully in the tree, or the mischievous child-lizard taking berries and running into the bush, or the napping butterfly-children asleep on the nearest tree bark, or the woman-spider walking across her silk rope from one rock to the other; if Tonto were there, he would have scolded John for losing his foresight as a Spirit-Walker whom saw animals in their intended form and not in their given form as Tonto could have. So overwhelmed by his warmed muscles, his tired overburdened mind and full stomach, John allowed his eyes to shut the world out as he passed into the deepest sleep he had ever been in, and was suddenly jarred awake by a sound to his left, he sat bold upright and stared in awe at the black wolf; the wolf once sitting stood upon two legs in which it stepped back and still faced the light of the moon. At first where there were hind legs lengthened and became a pair of moccasins complete with legs, the wolf from down the neck split and revealed a bare chest leading down to a modest breech cloth, strings of beads dropped from the wolf's neck and settled themselves upon the bare chest, beneath the paws grew fingers, jeweled wrists, and arms, lastly, a face beneath long black waves entwined with beads and etched bone. John's shock barely hid itself behind his fear, before him stood Tonto, his partner that was supposedly currently in the county lock-up, he was both drawn to reach out and repelled by a strange aura which permeated the air around Tonto's uncovered self. The expressionless face staring back at him, did little to help John rationalize with himself of how a true actual Wolf had suddenly became his tracker-friend, being that the wolf was large but it could not possibly have hidden his friend in the small area so easily, he said to himself without truly believing his words, \"I-I'm dreaming! I'm at home, in bed dreaming! Tonto's in...-\" His words cut itself off, his mind abruptly stopped and backtracked, yet he could not deny himself of the sad and obvious truth as he uttered defeatedly, \"...jail waiting to die.\" believe me, there is a very Happy ending & smut ;) on Ao3 ","Summary":" A reader who just e-mailed me today (whom I will name if she would like me to) asked me to submit t"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Eighteen Years Later","Author":"LeahAnne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4615574","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Chapter One: Doctors Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Juno or anything else you recognize. Summary: Jack and Juno Payne find out that they are infertile. They decide to adopt a child. Will Juno's past come back to haunt her? -- My name is Juno Payne. I'm 34 years old and married to the greatest guy in the world, Jack. We've been married for two years. We don't have any kids. It really sucks because I can tell that he wants a kid sooo bad. I wouldn't mind having one either, really. I mean, I know they're a lot of work and they cry all the time and stuff, but I can't help but wonder what it would have been like had I not given my first one up 18 years ago. Jack and I moved back to Saint Cloud six months ago because Dad and Bren were getting older and we needed to be with them. I ran into Paulie Bleeker in the grocery store a few weeks back… he's married to Katrina Dvort and they have three kids. I haven't seen Vanessa Loring anywhere and I don't know if she moved away or where the kid is. He'd be 18 years old this week and not a day goes by that I don't think about him. Jack and I have been trying for a baby for a while, but no luck. He says it's about time that we go see someone and figure out what's wrong with us. I'm anxious about the whole thing and I don't want to. But I can tell that Jack is worried, so I might as well give in. It's not like there's really anything wrong with us, right? I'm just scared of what we might find out. -- I hate waiting rooms. Always have, always will. There's nothing worse than sitting in an impersonal, surgically clean room, waiting for someone to take you into an even more surgically clean room and poke you with needles and draw blood and open your legs and stick some long thing up your vag to examine you. I hate it. Hate it, hate it, hate it. Jack squeezes my hand. I look up at him. \"Junebug, don't worry about it… everything's going to be fine.\" I peered into his blue eyes. \"You don't really believe that, do you?\" I countered. \"You're the one who wanted to come in here, just to make sure. What if something is really wrong? What if we can't have kids at all?\" Jack sighed. \"I don't know, Juno. I honestly don't know.\" I paused. Jack was usually one to fight back, to come up with a reason… any reason to make me feel better. For him to be completely out of answers was a first. It made me feel really insecure. I turned around in my chair and glanced at the door anxiously. \"Payne?\" a nurse called, walking out the door. I got up and looked back at Jack nervously. He followed suit and grabbed my hand and together we followed the nurse to the room. She took down all of the necessary information, weighed us, and asked us a few more questions before assuring us that the doctor would be in with us soon. Dr. Jain came into the room about fifteen minutes later. \"You didn't tell me this guy was foreign!\" I hissed in Jack's ear. \"Good morning, Mr. and Mrs. Payne,\" the doctor said in halted English. I could barely understand him. He kept smiling at me and then at Jack. I wanted to smack him. \"Mrs. Payne, come up on exam table?\" he asked. \"Uhh… no thanks. I'd rather have a woman examine my vag, you know? I'm not really into the whole spread 'em wide and peek inside regimen.\" Dr. Jain looked at me in confusion. Jack was trying to conceal his laughter as he spoke. \"Honey, Dr. Jain is the best of the best. I think he really does know what he is doing.\" \"Jack, why don't you ask him to stick that probe up your ass, then?\" I said. Dr. Jain left the room and came back with another doctor. This one was quite noticeably female with blonde hair pulled up into a ponytail. Her name tag said Dr. Vanarsdale. \"Is there a problem I can help you with?\" she asked me kindly. \"Yeah,\" I said. I really don't want some foreign guy I can't understand poke a spec-whatever up my vag. I'd rather have another female do it,\" I said flatly. Dr. Vanarsdale's eyes widened a bit before she shook her head. \"Okay, then. Dr. Jain, you can go talk to the patient in Room 413 if you wouldn't mind. She's got a few questions that I couldn't answer.\" Dr. Jain nodded. Dr. Vanarsdale proceeded with the exam. She finished and threw the gloves away and looked back at Jack and me with a sad expression on her face. \"I'm guessing you've figured out what's wrong?\" I asked, getting scared. \"I think so,\" she said. \"Mr. and Mrs. Payne, please come into my office.\" Jack and I walked into her office and sat down. \"Have you ever heard of Pelvic Inflammatory Disease?\" she asked, sitting down at her desk. \"No,\" I said. \"PID is a disease that can affect any of the female reproductive organs. It's a bacterial infection. Have you had more than one sexual partner, Mrs. Payne?\" \"No,\" I said, getting angry. \"Of course not.\" \"I'm sorry, but I'm trying to figure out where you would have gotten the bacteria from. It is sometimes contracted during abortion or childbirth. Have you had an abortion or do you have any other biological children?\" I looked at Jack. He didn't know about the baby I'd given up for adoption. We'd never discussed it. I looked back at Dr. Vanarsdale. \"I gave a baby up for adoption when I was sixteen,\" I said. I could feel Jack tense up beside me. I grabbed his hand and he squeezed it. \"Mrs. Payne, judging from the extent of the damage to your reproductive organs, it is highly unlikely that you will ever be able to carry a fetus to term. I would suggest looking into surrogacy or adoption.\" Her words hit me like a brick to the face. I had never thought I would be faced with infertility. I figured it would be so easy for Jack and I to have a baby whenever we wanted to, especially since I had already had one. Jack and I went back out to the car and I sat down in the passenger seat, shocked. \"Why didn't you tell me?\" Jack asked, looking at me hurt. \"We've been married for two years and we dated for four years before that and not once did you bring up the fact that you had given a child up for adoption!\" \"I tried blocking it out of my mind. Vanessa was so happy to finally have a child after so long and I was only sixteen… I couldn't have taken care of that baby, Jack!\" \"So, somewhere out there, you've got an 18-year-old son, and you don't know where he is or anything…\" Jack broke off, looking at me. \"He's not mine. He's Vanessa's. I might have carried him for nine months, but I was in no way, shape, or form ready to have a child. I might regret it now, but at the time, it was the best decision for everyone involved.\" \"So what are we going to do, Juno?\" Jack asked, changing the subject. \"Do you want to adopt? Do you want to look into surrogacy?\" \"Does it matter to you, not having a biological child? Do you want a child of your own or do you just want a child?\" \"It doesn't matter to me,\" Jack said, at last. \"I just want to be a dad.\" I nodded. \"Then let's adopt,\" I said. \"Let's give a kid a home that needs one.\" Jack smiled and leaned over and kissed me. \"Okay, then,\" he said. \"Where do you we start?\" \"I have an idea,\" I said, grinning foolishly at him. So, I know Juno seems to have lost a little bit of her spunk, but she's a 34-year-old woman now… I didn't see it fitting for her to be running around yelling \"home skillet\" and stuff. Hope you liked it! Please review![Chapter 2] Chapter Two: Newspaper Ads Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Juno or anything else you recognize. Summary: Jack and Juno Payne find out that they are infertile. They decide to adopt a child. Will Juno's past come back to haunt her? -- After Jack and I made the decision to adopt, I knew exactly where I'd go to put an ad. Vanessa and Mark had done it almost nineteen years earlier, so I figured I could do the same thing. Once we got home, I put my laptop on my lap and began looking for it. I opened up Google and typed in the Penny Saver . Sure enough, the website was at the top of the listings. I opened it up, typed in Saint Cloud's zip code and started making an ad. I pulled upan old picture of Jack and me sitting on the couch and cropped it to show our happy, smiling faces. Okay, so maybe we didn't look exactly like the picture of Mark and Vanessa Loring. Oh well. We weren't perfect, and I figured that picture of Jack and me, sitting there laughing on the couch showed that pretty well. Score one point for us. It took me about half an hour to compose the ad and for it to meet both Jack and I's approval. I submitted the ad and looked over at Jack, who was sitting next to me. The confusion was written all over his face. \"Why the Penny Saver?\" he finally asked, puzzled. I sighed. Of course, he wouldn't understand. I hadn't actually explained it to him. \"Because,\" I explained, \"it's the first place I looked when I gave the Kid up for adoption.\" I also remember my old high school friend, Leah (yes, the one who hit on all the teachers), saying the Penny Saver was the perfect place to find parents. \"Desperately Seeking Spawn\" are the words she used, I believe. But, I was smart enough not to put that on there... I didn't want to scare anyone away with that notion. Ahaha... Jack frowned for a second before looking back at me. \"If you're sure,\" he said, his voice betraying his disbelief. \"I'm not sure. I'm completely positive that this is the right thing to do. It feels right,\" I said. And it really did feel right. It was like the big man in the sky had arranged it himself. I had a really good feeling and it wasn't going away. I was beyond excited. -- I figured it would take a couple of months of placing the ad in the Penny Saver for us to get any results. Come to think of it, Vanessa never told me how long it was that she and Mark had put that ad in there before stupid old pregnant me came along and accepted the bait. Then again, I have a feeling that Mark probably put in in there without Vanessa's knowledge or approval. He always was pretty cool about that. There were a lot of cool things about Mark, now that I'm thinking about it. I often wondered what the Kid's life would have been like, had both Mark and Vanessa raised him rather than just Vanessa. I'm sure he was raised with more Baby Einstein and flashcards than any other child known to mankind. Regardless of the time it took for me to fall pregnant and find Mark and Vanessa's ad, it only took us two weeks to get a phone call. I couldn't believe it. I had thought it was going to take MUCH longer. I answered it with the usual, \"Hey, it's Juno. What's up?\" \"Hi, this is Jude Cates... umn, I saw your ad in the Penny Saver...\" My eyes widened in shock and I flagged Jack down. He came running. \"Umn... hey, Jude, this is Juno,\" I said, completely at a loss for words at this awesome, completely momentous occasion. \"Well, umn... not that I'm quoting the song or anything, but you know... I say 'hey' when I greet just about everybody.\" I could have gone back and smacked myself in the face. Who makes fun of someone's name like that? Oh, wait... I didn't know she was going to offer to let us adopt her kid. Oops. My bad. \"Hi... umn... I'm pregnant and I saw your ad in the Penny Saver, and I was wondering whether or not I could give thekid to you guys. I mean, I'm obviously ill-equipped, considering I'm only sixteen. And you guys seem pretty cool and obviously more equipped than I am. So, since you obviously want what I can't have right now... uh... would you take this thing,\" the girl on the other line said. She reminded me so much of myself already... I mean, I knew I was ill-equipped when I had the Kid. Well, that and her nervousness reminded me a lot of me, too. Gosh, what is it with the kids who look up parents in the Penny Saver? Are we all the same or something? \"Okay,\" I said calmly. \"Umn, why don't you come over at around 4:30 on Friday. Let me give you my address.\" I started planning things out with Jude on the phone. I couldn't help it. I couldn't help but start to get excited. \"Alright,\" she said. \"Thank you so much.\" \"No, thank you,\" I said gratefully. I sat the phone back in the cradle and looked back at Jack. He had the stupidest, goofiest grin on his face. \"Hells yeah!\" I yelled, running over to him and kissing him. -- Friday couldn't come fast enough. Jack had gone out and found an adoption lawyer a few days after we decided to adopt. She had been on the look-out for prospective birth parents. When he told her that a girl had called us, saying she was pregnant, she was completely shocked. She cleared her Friday afternoon appointment for us and was there before Jude Cates even showed up. Wanda Francis was the oldest lady I had seen in a very long time. She looked like she could just keel over and kick the bucket at any moment. But then again, I trusted Jack to pick a good lawyer for the adoption. The doorbell rang and Jack rushed to the door in excitement. \"Hi, Jude,\" he said, grinning. I peered through the hall to see a teenage girl standing in the doorway. \"And you must be Mrs. Cates,\" Jack said, looking at the woman behind her. \"Umn, not exactly. I'm Vanessa Loring, the baby's grandmother. And this is my charming, yet irresponsible son, Ben,\" the lady said, smiling at Jack. I about shit my pants. Thanks for reading. Please review!! And for those of you who have read my Instant Star fanfiction, I just used Jude's name because it was very unique. This is not the same Jude and this is not a cross-over story. Thanks, much![Chapter 3] Chapter Three: The Kid Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Juno or anything else you recognize. Summary: Jack and Juno Payne find out that they are infertile. They decide to adopt a child. Will Juno's past come back to haunt her? -- I sat on the couch in shock. Seeing Vanessa Loring walk into the house and over to the couch was like seeing a vision from the past. She hadn't changed a bit. The same bright smile, perfect hair, perfect clothes... I suspected she had probably undergone some plastic surgery, too... because no fifty-year-old woman had flawless skin like that. Vanessa sat on the couch and looked at me in shock. \"Juno?\" she asked, gasping. I nodded, completely stunned. What was the likelihood of Vanessa Loring showing up with the Kid and his girlfriend, offering me their kid for adoption? Like one in ten zillion?? My eyes flashed over to the Kid. She had said his name was Ben. He looked so much like me... it was scary. Except for he definitely had Bleeker's cheeks and nose. Oh, and he definitely inherited Bleeker's tallness factor. And unlike Bleeker's three kids, he didn't have the squinty-eyed factor or smell like soup. Victory on my part, I guess. I shot up and smiled at them before grabbing Jack. \"We'll be right back!\" I said cheerfully before dragging Jack down the hallway to the kitchen. \"What is going on?\" Jack asked, searching my eyes for an answer. \"Did you not see that kid?\" I asked quickly. \"The girl?\" Jack asked. \"Yeah, she seems pretty normal to me.\" \"No!\" I snapped, exasperatedly. \"The boy! That's him! That's the Kid! That's the Vanessa Loring.\" \"You mean, the baby's father is your son?\" Jack asked, looking like a pan had just hit him in the back of the head. \"Yes,\" I said, trying to hold back tears. I couldn't cry now. I just couldn't. I had to go back in there with a straight face. I wasn't going to be a wimp. \"Does he know he's adopted?\" Jack asked. \"I don't know,\" I replied. \"I'm just going to go back in there, pretending everything's just peachy and normal. Way to go for the Kid to follow in my charming, yet irresponsible footsteps, huh?\" Jack suppressed a grin. \"Alright, let's go back in there and pretend everything's okay,\" Jack said, squeezing my hand. We headed back into the sitting room. \"Sorry about that,\" Jack said, holding my hand. \"Hi, I'm Jack Payne and this is my wife, Juno. And this is our lawyer, Wanda Francis. She's drawn up the first few papers that we'll need.\" \"Hi,\" the girl said. What was her name again? Oh, Jude. Yeah. Like the song. \"So, Miss Cates. How far along are you in your pregnancy?\" Wanda asked Jude. I finally got a good look at the girl for the first time. She had light auburn hair and really pretty green eyes. She was short, too. She was probably as tall as me. She looked like she would have been skinny, too, except for the belly. It wasn't really big yet, though. \"I'm 20 weeks,\" Jude answered. \"Do you know the sex of the baby?\" Jack asked her. \"No,\" she answered. \"I figured I'd let it be a surprise.\" \"That's what I did,\" I said, smiling at her. \"You had a kid? I thought the two of you didn't have any kids?\" she asked me, frowning. \"Well, it was really messed up,\" I said. \"I was in your position when I was sixteen. I gave a baby up for adoption. Then, I found out I couldn't have anymore kids.\" Jude's eyes widened. \"Do you regret it?\" she asked, placing one hand on her belly. \"No,\" I said, daring to look at Ben, sitting on the couch, holding Jude's hand. \"There was no way I could have raised a kid at that age. I think I did what was best for him by giving him a family that could take care of him.\" \"Okay, then,\" Vanessa said sharply. She looked at me, a worried expression on her face. I understood. Vanessa hadn't told him he was adopted. I backed off. \"When is the baby due?\" Jack asked her. \"November 16th,\" Jude said, looking at Ben. \"How do your parents feel about the adoption?\" I asked her. \"My parents don't even know I'm pregnant,\" Jude said, looking down at her belly. \"How do they not know?\" I asked. \"You're five months pregnant and obviously showing...\" \"Jude's parents aren't exactly the most supportive of people,\" Vanessa explained. \"They kicked her out of the house when she turned seventeen. She's been living with me ever since. She found out she was pregnant while she was living with me and she will continue to live with me until she finishes her senior year of high school. As to whether or not the baby was conceived in my house is another thing I'm unsure of,\" Vanessa said, looking at Ben in disappointment. \"How do you feel about the adoption?\" Jack asked Vanessa. \"I think it's the best thing to do. By the time this baby turns eighteen, I'll be 68 years old, and there is no way I'm raising a kid when I'm ready to retire.\" She smiled at me. I nodded in understanding. \"Are you looking for an open or a closed adoption?\" Wanda asked Jude. \"It doesn't really matter to me. I mean, honestly, the most important thing is that this kid gets two parents who love it and can give it everything I can't. I mean, I wouldn't say no to being a part of the kid's life, but I don't want to be known as the kid's mom. If you want to tell it when it's older that it's adopted, then that's fine, but I don't want it to come looking at me like I'm supposed to do something... take care of it, you know. That's why I'm giving it to you guys in the first place.\" \"I understand,\" I said truthfully. \"You're welcome to be in the baby's life as much as you want to. We'd even be willing to make you an honorary aunt or something.\" Jude smiled. \"I'd like that.\" \"Do you have any plans for after the baby is born?\" Jack asked her. \"I definitely want to go to college... probably Saint Cloud University. I want to be a doctor,\" she said, smiling. \"Cool beans!\" I said. \"That's totally awesome.\" Everyone kind of looked at me a bit strangely. \"My wife is a bit quirky,\" Jack said, smiling at me. \"She's not your average 34-year-old.\" \"Thanks for telling the age, man,\" I said, punching him lightly on the shoulder. Jude smiled at us. \"I really like you guys,\" she said. \"Ben, I think this is who I want to give the baby to.\" Ben nodded, holding her hand. \"You guys really do seem like awesome people,\" he said, looking at me. Our eyes locked for a second, and I just wondered if he really looked hard enough, he could see the resemblance between us. \"Juno, could I speak to you privately for a second?\" Vanessa asked kindly. \"Sure,\" I said, gesturing back toward the kitchen. Thanks for reading, please review!! Does anyone have a particular sex in mind for the baby? I haven't really decided yet. Go ahead and vote in your review.[Chapter 4] Chapter Four: Revelations Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Juno or anything else you recognize. Summary: Jack and Juno Payne find out that they are infertile. They decide to adopt a child. Will Juno's past come back to haunt her? -- I led Vanessa into the kitchen and was sat down on the bar stools beside the island in the middle of the kitchen. \"It's great to see you again,\" Vanessa said, smiling. \"I could say the same,\" I said, looking back at her before looking back at the tile on the counter. \"What does he know?\" Vanessa looked back toward the sitting room to make sure no one was coming. \"He doesn't know that he's adopted. I never told him,\" she said, staring at her hands in her lap. \"He never asked who his father was?\" I asked disbelievingly. \"He did. I always told him that his father wasn't around and wasn't part of the family. I told him that I didn't know where his father was,\" Vanessa said, refusing to look up at me. \"Why did you tell him that? Paulie has lived in Saint Cloud for the last eighteen years, even if I haven't,\" I exclaimed. \"I sent letters... what did you do with them all?\" I asked her. \"I put them away. I couldn't tell that little boy that I wasn't his mother,\" she murmured. \"You are his mother in every way that counts. That's what I always told myself. But I always figured that you'd at least tell him... and now, he's here, giving his kid to me and I'm supposed to act like everything's hunky dory and that he's a complete stranger. Vanessa, I can't do that! \" Vanessa paused before she looked back at me. \"I know. I can't believe how hard this has to be for you. I should have talked them into choosing another couple. But they looked into the Penny Saver and Ben came home from school, saying that he and Jude had found you two. I figured it was fate or something.\" I nodded. \"I'm glad you didn't talk them out of it,\" I said quietly. We were quiet for a second before I looked up at Vanessa again. \"So, what kind of kid is Ben anyways?\" I asked her. \"He's always been a very interesting boy,\" Vanessa said. \"Never fails to amaze me. I think he gets it from his mother,\" she laughed. \"Yeah, maybe,\" I said, still feeling rather uncomfortable. \"He's quirky. He's always had a way of his own. He was always a loner in school... had one or two close friends, but was never incredibly popular. He was always impeccably dressed, too. He even plays soccer. He loves to run.\" I smiled to myself. Just like Bleeker. Vanessa opened up her purse and pulled out her billfold. She pulled out a wallet-sized photograph, and handed it to me. \"For you,\" she said. I took it from her and smiled. On the back was written Benjamin Mark Loring, 17 years old. The picture was a school photograph of him, smiling brightly at the camera. Something I had never done. When I was in school, it was always a quick half-smile and then hurrying out of the way. Staring at the picture, I felt a gaping hole in my heart. Kinda like something had been taken from me and there wasn't a way to get it back. \"He looks so much like me, doesn't he?\" I looked up, asking Vanessa. I searched her eyes and she nodded. \"He does. I think he saw himself in you... and I think that's what brought us here. I'm planning on telling him soon... he's 18. I just don't know how to bring it up,\" Vanessa said sadly. \"Bring what up?\" a voice asked behind us. We turned around and Ben was standing right behind us. Vanessa's face grew white and I felt uncomfortable. I couldn't look at his face. \"Nothing,\" Vanessa said. \"It's just legal stuff.\" \"Mom, it didn't sound like legal stuff. It sounded like something more personal. What's going on? How do you two know each other?\" Ben looked back and forth from Vanessa to me, looking for an answer. Very smart kid , I thought. \"Juno and I are old friends. We've known each other for a very long time,\" Vanessa said. She was skirting the issue BIG TIME. \"You're planning on telling me anyways, Mom! So go ahead and tell me now. I can take it. I promise,\" Ben said seriously. \"Not here,\" Vanessa said shortly. \"Why not here?\" Ben asked, getting frustrated. \"I mean, it's not like it's some huge revelation, is it? Like I'm adopted or she's my long-lost sister?\" He nodded in my direction. I immediately walked over to the kitchen sink to hide my face before I gave something away. \"So go ahead and just tell me what it is.\" Vanessa was silent. \"Mom!\" Ben said, raising his voice. \"Benjamin, you are being disrespectful. This is not our home and I will not have you talk to me like this,\" Vanessa said evenly. \"Something is going on. Mrs. Payne, you know... I know you do. I'm not stupid. Please, just look at me?\" he asked me. I forced myself to turn around and the tears blurred my vision. \"I can't,\" I told him. \"I just can't.\" \"Fine,\" Ben said. \"We're leaving. Thank you very much for your time, but we're going to look for another family to adopt our baby.\" I felt like someone had just turned around and punched me in the gut. I looked at Vanessa helplessly. Please , I mouthed to her and flashed a glance in Ben's direction. \"Benjamin, sit down,\" Vanessa said, pulling a bar stool back from the kitchen island. \"No, Mother. Jude and I are leaving.\" \"Benjamin Mark Loring. Sit down. NOW,\" Vanessa growled. Ben turned back around and sat down. \"Now,\" she said, after he had taken a seat. \"I want you to be quiet and don't say anything until I finish.\" Ben nodded. I sat down next to Vanessa. \"Juno, do you still have a copy of that first letter you ever wrote?\" she asked me. I nodded. \"It's in the wooden box on the mantle,\" I said. \"Let me go get it.\" I walked over to the kitchen fireplace and brought the box over to the table. I started rummaging through it. It wasn't long before I found what I was looking for. It was yellow envelope, worn with age. The ink was stained a dark brown. It was simply labeled To Baby Bleeker-Loring in my 16-year-old handwriting. I had sealed it after I had come home from the hospital after having my baby and I had never opened it again. One copy I sent to Vanessa. The other, I had stored away for I handed it to Ben. \"Who is Baby Bleeker-Loring?\" he asked. Vanessa looked back at him. She looked at the countertop's surface and didn't say anything for a bit. \"Mom?\" Ben asked softly. Vanessa looked back up at him. \"Ben, you're adopted.\" He reeled backward in shock. \"You must be joking. I'm not adopted... I'm not! You've got pictures of me in the hospital and stuff and when you brought me home...\" He looked at Vanessa who was trying to hold back tears. Her bottom lip quivered. \"You're not joking...\" he said, stunned. \"But how do you know about this? What do you have to do with it?\" he asked me, obviously hurt and confused. \"Ben, I'm your biological mother,\" I said quietly. Wow, this new login screen has me beyond confused. It took me forever to find everything!! :/ Thanks for the reviews!! Sorry this chapter was so late... I've been really busy with school stuff... College is hard! lol! Please review!! Constructive criticism is always accepted. :)[Chapter 5] Chapter Five: The Truth Ben just stared at me in shock. His eyes slowly made their way back to the envelope in his hands. He flipped it over and opened it, pulling out the paper yellowed with age. He unfolded the paper and began reading. \"Ben, I want you to know that I love you more than I've ever loved anyone. You are so special to me. I just wanted to give you a better life. I found Vanessa in the Penny Saver and I knew she would have been able to give you more than I ever would have been able to. I just wanted to give you the best life I could, even if that meant that I couldn't raise you myself,\" I tried to explain. \"Then, Jack? He's not my dad?\" Ben asked after finishing the letter. \"No. My high school boyfriend Paulie is. He's married and has three kids with his wife. Two girls and a boy. They all smell like soup and have a weird squinty-eyed expression on their faces… just like their mother. Be glad I gave birth to you and not Katrina.\" Ben tried to hide his laughter, but without much success. \"Why can't you have anymore kids?\" he asked. \"Just me?\" \"It's called Pelvic Inflammatory Disease. After I had you, they left some gunk in me and it fucked up most of my reproductive organs. I didn't find out until Jack and I had been going at it for a while. We went to one of those fertility people and they told us that we wouldn't be able to have any children and that if I did get pregnant, I would never be able to carry another kid to term. Everything in there's just royally screwed up. I understand if you and Jude want to give someone else your baby… if me being the kid's biological grandmother is too weird and all.\" \"No… better you than some stranger raise it, I guess,\" Ben said. He paused. \"What do I call you?\" His face contorted into a look of confusion. \"I mean, she's my mom… well, adoptive mom. And you're my mom, too. Just my biological mom. You didn't raise me.\" \"You can just call me Juno. That's just fine with me,\" I said. \"I didn't raise you, you're right. I think you should save the term 'Mom' for the one who really did all the work.\" I grinned at Vanessa. \"Seems she did a pretty good job, from what I can see.\" \"Yeah, yeah, she did,\" Ben said quietly. His soft voice painstakingly reminded me of Paulie. \"But if you need anything at all, don't hesitate to ask, kid,\" I said. \"I still love you, and I haven't gone a day without thinking about you since I gave you up eighteen years ago.\" Ben smiled. \"Thanks, Juno,\" he said. \"Well, Ben,\" Vanessa broke in. \"I hate to break this up, but we should probably get going. We need to take Jude to her doctor's appointment.\" \"Well, Jack and Wanda and Jude probably have the majority of the paperwork done anyways, at least for now,\" I said. \"Thank you SO much.\" I paused for a second and wrote my cell phone number on a pad of paper and ripped it off, handing it to Ben. \"Here's my cell phone number. It's not the one you've already got… that's our home phone. If you ever need anything at all, just let us know, okay?\" \"Alright,\" Ben said. \"Thank you, Juno.\" He came over and shook my hand awkwardly and headed into the other room. \"Boys,\" Vanessa said, smiling that same bright smile. She shook her head. \"We'll call you, okay? Let you know how the visit went… she's going in for her anatomy scan today, so it should be pretty exciting. Do you want to know the sex of the baby?\" \"I don't care. Whatever Jude wants. If she wants to know, then she can find out and tell me. If she wants to keep it a surprise, that's fine, too.\" Vanessa smiled kindly. \"I never thought I'd be on the other side of this… it makes me realize how hard it was for you to give him up,\" she said. \"Hey, no mushy stuff. I don't regret it for an instant. I did the right thing.\" Jude looked back and forth between the two of us. A frown creased her brow. \"Did I miss something?\" she asked. \"I'll explain when we get out to the car,\" Ben said, taking her hand. I smiled at them. \"How sure do you think you are?\" I heard myself ask. \"Would you say you're 50% sure? 60% sure?\" Jude smiled. \"I'd say I'm about 104% sure. I like you guys,\" she said. Vanessa hurried both Ben and Jude back out to the van and Jack shut the door after them. He smiled at me. \"See,\" he said. \"Everything is going to go just fine.\" I sighed. \"I hope you're right.\" A few weeks passed. Vanessa called me periodically to let me how everything was going. I talked to Jude a few times, too. She seemed like a really cool chick. I liked her. One day in late February, I heard a knock on the door. I opened it in curiosity. It was Jude. \"Hey, Juno. Just thought I'd stop in and see what you were up to. Ben dropped me off,\" she said. \"I hope you're not busy.\" \"Not at all,\" I said, a bit confused. \"I was just about to head out to the mall to pick up some stuff for the baby. Do you want to come with me?\" I asked her. \"I guess,\" she said. \"Are you sure you want me to come?\" \"Of course! Yeah! Duh,\" I said, grabbing her hand. I grabbed my jacket and threw it on and headed back out the front door. I unlocked the doors to the Jeep and we got in. \"We don't know if the baby's a boy or girl, so how do you know how you want to decorate the nursery?\" Jude asked me suddenly. \"Well,\" I said, thinking. \"We've decided to paint the nursery kind of a lighter green color. And we've decided that we want to do zebra stripes. So, lots of black and white zebra stripes and then green accents.\" Jude's jaw dropped. \"That is totally awesome,\" she said. \"Way cool.\" \"I'm glad you approve,\" I said, grinning. \"This is going to be so much fun.\" Jude nodded. \"Yeah.\" We stopped by Ashley's Furniture Store near the mall and picked up a really nice black crib and nightstand and a matching black changing table. The salesperson helped us put it the back of the Jeep. We headed back to the house and dropped it off and then came back to the mall a couple of hours later. \"Alright,\" I said. \"Zebra fabric. And I mean lots of it.\" Jude laughed. \"What?\" I asked, looking at her. \"You're a woman on a mission!\" she said. \"I now know where Ben gets it.\" \"Ben gets what?\" I asked her, as we started walking to a fabric store in the mall. \"He's not like Vanessa. Vanessa is very… strict, I guess. Ben's more laidback. He takes things as they come, but he won't let you run over him, either. He's not a Nazi about it by any means, but he's just… Ben. He gets moving on his own terms, and only his own terms. I get that same kinda vibe around you.\" I couldn't help but grin. \"Aw, shucks,\" I said. \"You're gonna make me get all emo now.\" \"Slash your wrists and black your eyes?\" Jude asked, putting her hands on her belly protectively. \"I don't know if I want my kid with a suicidal woman, now…\" she trailed off, laughing. \"Hey, I'm not suicidal.\" She looked at me. \"Well, I'm not!\" I exclaimed. \"Okay,\" Jude said, rolling her eyes. We found our way to this little hole-in-the-wall fabric store near the back side of the mall. It was one of my favorite places in the world, and definitely in that big old mall. Fabric was strewn everywhere. It was like trying to find something in a scavenger hunt. We started searching for zebra fabric. After searching for a good half hour, I found some. Okay, not just some. A lot. Four whole 5x20 yard skeins of zebra-fleece goodness. I was in heaven. I cleared the store of their fleecy zebra fabric and picked up a few skeins of light green fleece on the way out. \"So are you hand-making all of the nursery stuff? The bed stuff and curtains?\" Jude asked. \"Yeah,\" I said. \"It's not like you're doing all the work. You grow the baby and I sew stuff. Sound like an even trade-off?\" I asked her. Jude laughed. \"I guess so,\" she said. We headed back to the Jeep. On the way home, I dropped Jude back by her house. I couldn't help but smile to myself. What a great day. Sorry for the long wait. I just really don't feel like doing this story right now. I had this half done so I kind of half-heartedly finished this chapter. Review? Maybe it'll get me out of the slump I've been in lately. ","Summary":" Chapter One: Doctors Disclaimer: I DO NOT own Juno or anything else you recognize. Summary: Jack an"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Hamish, The Sidekick Love Story of Braveheart","Author":"Dream.Write.Live","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/5392677","Passage":"[Chapter 1] VevillanMcAndrew, what have you gotten yourself into now? That'snall Villy could think, as she struggled against a very large, verynstrong red head. \"What in God's name...bloody! Lass, what donyou think you're doin tresspassin in William Wallaces camp!\" thenman had removed her hood, and could now seeher very long, verynfeminine hair. Oh dear, now she was in trouble. \"I did nonsuch thing! You buffoons are the ones tresspassin! I been campin 'erensince night before last, I fall asleep, wake up, and all of you'snhave set up straight around me!\" she was angry, and embarrassed,nand had no time to think before shouting at the man holding her. Whatnshe said was true. She'd been on the run for overtwo weeks. Daynbefore yesterday, Villy had stopped in this grove, and camped herselfnin a niche under a hill. She tended to sleep during the day, it wasneasier to run at night, and she woke up this afternoon to findnstrange men setting up tents and starting fires all around her littlenhill! \"Now will you please let the bloody hell go!\" Shenstruggled again and he tightened his grip around her waist. \"Feisty!nAnd with a mouth to match! Would ya look at this, HEY WALLACE! YOU'VEnGOT TO SEE THIS!\" he was laughing, a big, booming laugh thatnshook his large frame, and consequently, hers as well, as he now hadnher trapped to his side. Though she kicked and screamed, he didn'tnlet her go until another man entered the circle of men now standingnaround them. \"Hamish, where did you find her? And let thenpoor lass down!\" Saints preserve us, it was William Wallace.nStanding right in front of her! Good God, was Angus aroundnhere? \"Awh, come on William, it's only a bit o' fun!\"nbut he did put her down. She glanced around quickly, how was shengoing to get out of here?! \"Now don't be tryin to escape,nyou wouldn't make it far, not with this many men, and that manynguards out in the woods. What's yer name?\" that was Wallace. Shenlooked up at him, and defeated, crossed her arms and scowled. \"Vevilla McAndrew.\" \"Come on now, Hamish.nWhat's in your head, you want to keep her? She isn't a stray dog.\"nthe men around them laughed, and the big redhead, Hamish, rolled hisneyes. Villy only blushed. \"You're alone, aren't ya lass?\"nhe was looking at her, but not really needing an answer. She lookednat the ground, this was making her look idiotic. She noddednstiffly. \"See now William, we can't let her go off allnlonesome; she could get hurt. We took down three English scouts todaynalone in these woods. It's too dangerous for her.\" he stopped,nthinking hard for a moment, \"She could cook or somethin i'llnwager, until we hit another village for supplies andnvolunteers!\" \"You know that won't be for a good longntime, Hamish. And I don't think your as worried about her beinnlonesome as you!\"Wallace grinned. Lordy, he was teasing him. Nownshe was done for, they were friends. \"Comennow William! Don't make me fight ya fer her!\" \"She'snyour responsibility, don't make me hurt you for her.\" Hensmirked, then looked down at her. She was wide eyed, and trembling.nThis was bad, very very bad.nStuck, in a camp full of grown men, tiny, 17 year old VevillanMcAndrew? Dear lord... \"Be nice to him lass, it's not hisnfault his Ma dropped him as a babe.\" Then Wallace walked offnchuckling, and the rest of the men scattered. She glared atnHamish. \"I will not!\" she muttered. \"I donbelieve we have a problem...\" she looked at him curiously. Do wenreally? Her mental, sarcastic comments continued to doubt hisnintelligence as he looked around and then looked down at her, anwolfish grin on his face. \"I can't exactly shove ya off intonanother man's tent, bein as your MY responsibility now can I? Insuppose you'll just have to sleep with me!\" her jaw dropped andnhe chuckled. He couldn't be serious! But he started to walk off innthe direction of a few tents, and looked over his shoulder at her.nShe was still standing, frozen where he'd left her. \"Wellnmove now! I'll drop in a moment I'm that tired, and i'd prefer we werenin bed by then!\" He put extra emphasis on the we andnshe cringed, but followed slowly. She had no choice, as she lookednaround she realized most of the men were sleeping in front off fires,nif she wanted a bed, it had to be his. They walked for a fewnminutes, and then he looked down at her still shaking form. He put annarm around her shoulders and said, \"Don't worry, it aint thatnbad, I keep a good house! And you wont want for warmth\" hengrinned boyishly at the last, and Villy cringed. Hamish frowned, andnstopped infront of a tent. He opened the flapfor her and she duckednin. A pile of blankets in one corner,a bag of clothes, a hammer, andna sword in another, and just to her right, a plate, loaded with food.nShe looked at it longingly, besides some berries and nuts, she hadn'tneaten since her first day out. That afternoon, she fell into anstream, and her food was ruined. Hamish looked at her and shenlooked away from the food, embarrassed at her preoccupation. \"Arenya hungry?\" she shook her head, she wasn't going to look like anbeggar, he'd humiliated her enough today. Hamish looked her up andndown, turning her to him. She looked away. \"When was thenlast time you ate?\" He looked really worried, she knew shenhadn't washed in the last few days, that and not eating, she mustnlook wretched... But she didn't want to lie to him... \"I...Indon't know...\" she mumbled. He sat her on the bed, and broughtnthe plate to her. \"I'm going to find you some stew.\" andnthen he left. She looked at the vegetables and cheese and bread, andnwithout another thought crammed half it into her mouth at once. Hernstomach growled it's approval and she sighed. It felt good to notnhave an empty stomach anymore. Still, when he brought the stew back,nshe ate that too. Mmmm thick broth, lots of venison... \"I'mnglad you like it.\" he chuckled and she realized she hadn't saidna word since he'd come back. She'd been to busy eating. Shenblushed, \"Thank you, very much.\" she tried to smile butnit hurt and she ended up wincing. He looked at hernquizzically. \"Why'd ya run?\" She looked down and pushednher hair back behind her ears, she did that sometimes when she wasnnervous, and she didn't want to talk about that... \"Bloodynhell, what happened?!\" The alarm in his voice forced her to jerknher head up and look at him. He was staring at the right side of hernface. Oh. Right. Damn. \"Nothing.\" that was a lie but shenwasn't going to complain to him, he was being so good to her... \"Thenis NOT nothing. Who hit you like that?\" she cringed, he'dnguessed. In truth, it had been her father. It wasn't the first time,nand it wasn't the worst either, but the message behind it waswhy shenhad left home. Home, oh the memories, poured in and she could barelynstop the flood... Shenwas sitting at home, folding the dress she had finished hemming fornMaria, her first youngest sister. There were six of them, girls. Hernonly, older, brother had left to join Wallaces rebellion with theirnuncle 6 months ago now. Villy was waiting for her father to get home.nHe'd be drunk, again, and Vevilla knew her stepmother couldn't handlenhim on her own. The poor little woman was terrifyed of the crazed mannshe'd been married to for 12 years. Before Angus left, he'd alwaysndealt with the menacing old man. But now it was up to Vevilla tonprotect her sisters. But tonight would be different then thenrest... Whennhe finally came home, he brought a stranger with him, a man close tonhis own age, both almost passing out from the whiskey. \"VILLY!!!nCOME MEET YOUR MAN TO BE!\" he'd given her away. Just like that.nHe expected her to marry and leave with him the next day. Shencouldn't believe it. The man left, and she told her father to hisnface she wouldn't marry that drunkard. He'd given her that black eyenand shouted at her, hitting her with his famous leather whip, tellingnher she'd marry and that was all there was to it. He'd called hernnames, and cursed her mother too. But that was too far. She turnednand wrenched the whip out of his hands, he was old, and the liquornwas fading in his system. She was young and strong, and more thannused to this treatment. She looked him in his terrified eye and saidn\"No. I. Wont.\" she'd burned the whip, gathered hernbelongings, kissed her sisters foreheads, and left through a windownin the back of the hut. Inntwo weeks, it was the first time she'd thought about that night, andnit still hurt, like it was only a few hours ago. If only she couldnfind Angus, send him home... \"Papa...\" still wrapped innher memories, she hadn't realized she'd spoken aloud. He looked atnher in amazement, and then she looked up. \"I'd like to go tonbed now, could you give me a moment...?\" she wanted to changenout of her filthy dress. He nodded and left. She fought the tears,nand when she finally got herself together, she decided just to sleepnin her clean underthings. He wouldn't be touching her or seeing hernto know that anyway, and so she got inside the blankets and scoochednto the edge of the tent, as far away from where he'd be as she couldnget. Hamish's POV Lord, that girl... She'd been beaten, rannfrom home, half starved herself to death, and then he'd practicallynkidnapped her and forced her to stay in his tent with him. What didnhe do? What could hendo? After about an hour of staring at a fire, he went back into thentent hesitantly. She was asleep, by the looks of it. He grinned anlittle, she was in her under clothes. God, she was gorgeous, dark,nflaming, wavy hair. Not that frizzy orange like his. He didn't neednher to open her eyes to see their beautiful emerald green depths.nPerfect, pale, smooth skin. And she was strong, too, he'd felt thatnwhen she'd tried to get away from him this afternoon. he could justnpicture her body...Hamish shook his head. He wouldn't do that to her,nhe wouldn't even touch her. He suddenly realized he wanted her trust,nand he would get it too. No matter what he had to do. He was downnto his winter underwear, just thinking maybe he would go sleep by thenfire, give her her room, when she started tossing. Her head shakingnback and forth, her hands pulling and clenching the blankets, andnthey she started to cry. \"Papa no! Please, run Maria, go!nPapa!\" she screamed, and then slowly started to sob, crying outnfor her Ma. He slowly got into the blankets beside her, and after anmoment, took her in his arms in an attempt to sooth her. It worked,nwithin minutes, she had quieted and was breathing evenly again, hernface, buried in his chest. He sighed, and drifted off to sleep.[Chapter 2] Hamish'snPOV- The next morning, he woke up to the soft sound of hernsnoring, still wrapped in his arms. She seemed at peace now, a strongncontrast from the pained looked of fright from the night before. PoornVilly, what on earth could she have been dealing with in her dreams,nher nightmares, that hurt her that badly? And the things she'd said,nHamish felt a fire burning in the pit of his stomach. He was startingnto form a theory about that bruise around her right eye. Theway shenscreamed her fathers name in terror, the way her eyes flashed withnrecognition when he'd accused someone not something ofnhaving hurt her; she had been abused, and he was going to find a waynto help her. \"I promise...\" he whispered, stroking thenundamaged side of her face. She stirred. Vevilla's POV- Somethingnwoke her, she wasn't sure what. But when she looked up into his eyes,nshe became instantly self conscious, altough she really didn't knownwhy. She frowned. \"Feeling better?\" he was looking atnher with concern, she was fine... \"What?\" \"Lastnnight, ye were havin a nightmare. Are you alright, i couldn't wakenyou...\" he blushed and she realized he was referring to the factnthat she was still laying in his arms, hugging his side. She satnstraight up in alarm. \"A nightmare?! What...did I saynanything?\" she was really worried, her sisters had oftenncomplained of her sleep talking, but she'd never talked in one ofnhernightly bad dreams. \"Oh, um, well...\" she looked atnhim, anxiety in her features, he couldn't lie. \"Yeah, younwere hollering at your Da, and cryin fer yer Ma.... Who's Maria?\"nhis curiousity got the best of him, and he wanted to distract hernfrom the look of utter agony on her face. She buried her face in hernhands whispering \"oh no...no...\" she looked up as he put anhand on her back to comfort her. \"I'm sorry, I really am. Youndidn't need to hear, you shouldn't have, I...I'm sorry.\" after anmoment of stuttering mumbles, she said quietly, \"Maria is mynsister.\" she looked pained, and he didn't press. Hamish got up,nand dressed. After a few awkward minutes he turned to her, \"We'llnbe headin out soon, I'll let you dress and we'll find you a horse.nWould ya ride with meh?\" she looked up, feeling as if suddenlynbecoming aware of her surroundings. She smiled slightly, after all,nhe'd been a gentleman, not taking advantage of her being, well,ndistracted last night. \"I'd like that. Oh, and Hamish?\"nhe looked up, satisfaction radiating from his smile. \"Isnthere any stew left, I'm hungry.\" he laughed, nodded, and duckednout of the tent. She dressed quickly, thinking. She could stillnfeel where his arms had held her, the safety, security she'd felt,neven waking up in what seemed a strange place. She smiled to herself,nand then frowned. This was not good. She couldn't lose her head here.nGetting attached to that oaf was a bad idea, getting attached to anynman wasna bad idea, but one engaged in a war, one obviously oblivious tonrights of women, just the way he'd forced her to stay here withnhim...well involvement would just be stupid. She shook her head andngathered her things. Later that afternoon, they were ridingntogether as promised. Hamish looked at her, a quizzical look on hisnface. \"What?\" he smiled. \"So you have ansister...\" she sighed, he was so nosey. Already that day he'dnasked her about her village, what she could cook, if she wasnpromised, what her favorite color, bird, place, and saint were. Shenknew they'd get to family soon enough. Most of his questions wereneasy, and she didn't mind quenching his curiousity. Some were morendifficult though, technically she had been betrothed, unwilling, butnstill. She'd replied that she was once, but it had been broken off.nHe hadn't pressed, and she was grateful. She didn't have a favoritensaint, she was Catholic like all loyal Scots, but she was ignorant ofnmost church learning, she hadn't even been to a real cathedral sincenher mother died. Father O'Henry spoke all of the village ceremoniesnin Latin, she stopped trying to understand the English parts yearsnago. Hamish hadn't been happy about that. She chuckled to herselfnthinking about his never ending questions, and started to answer thenlatest quarry, \"Yes, five actually. From the youngest, therenis Brona, Cara, Arora, Bridget, Maria, me, and then we have an oldernbrother.\" she paused, he noted her hesitancy and waitednpatiently for her to continue. \"Angus will be 20 years atnharvest this fall. We haven't seen him in months.\" \"Whatnhappened? Where'd he go?\" she looked at him shyly, suddenlynterrified he'd have bad news for her. She took a deep breath. \"Henran off to join Wallace with my uncle 6, 7 months ago now. We haven'tnhad any news.\" Hamish looked taken aback, and looked away fromnher. Oh dear lord, please don't let it be so... \"Angus isnYOUR brother? I shoulda known!\" he started laughing obnoxiously,nthat big booming laugh he had. She smiled but didn't quitenunderstand, she was still recovering from the heartattack she'd feltnat the possiblity of him being...she couldn't even think it. \"AngusnMcAndrew is your brother!\" he looked over at her puzzlednexpression, and contained his laughter. \"Don't worry lass,nyour brothers fine. He's been with us some time now. Fact, when henfirst got here, bein so small, a man told him to go home to hisnmother, children don't fight wars. Angus pulled a blade he gotpastnour guardson that insane Irishman, andhe and Stephen havebeen bestnmates ever since! He may be small, but that lad is fast, he's one ofnour best runners, s'why you haven't seen him around camp, he ought tonbe back any day now.\" she sighed in relief. Angus was safe, shenwould even get to see him soon! She beemed at Hamish as they got offntheir horses. \"Look at you! Like a wee lass with a new strawndolly.\" He chuckled, and she found herself smiling in response.nAt the first, she had been on the defense automatically, afraid ofnthe world of men in general. But after last night, and the way henkept treating her even though she'd been anything but cooperative,nwas changing that. She looked at the ground for a moment, thennwalked up to him, wrapped her arms around hisneck,kissed hisncheek,and whispered, \"Thank you\" Hamish's POV- Shenwalked away, taking care of her horse. He stood there, stock still.nShe must have been worried sick about her brother. That was all thatnmeant. She was so relieved, she felt the need to thank him. That'snall, any man in camp who knew Angus and told her he was fine wouldnhave gotten the same response he was sure. All the same, a littlenvoice in his head desperately wanted it to be different. Wanted thenfact that it was him tonhave an effect on her expression of touched his cheek wherenher lips had pressed against his skin. He groaned. Being careful notnto hurt or scare her, trying to help her even, was going to be morendifficult than he thought. Because every thought going through hisnhead right now, every dream he'd ever had about a wife and family andnlove, every dream that now revolved around that tiny, beautiful girl,nwas going to hurt them both.[Chapter 3] Vevilla'snPOV- What had gotten into her?! A kiss? Ankiss?! Ugh,nstupid stupid stupid! Just the shocked way he stood there... she justnruined everything. *Waynto go Villy...* Blushingnheavily, she walked towards a stream, hoping for a moment of peace; anmoment to think. She glanced around, and satisfied she was alone, satndown on a large flat stone. She drew her knees up to her chest andnstared into the tumbling water. Her heart felt like that right now,nstill purposefully moving onward, but still chaotic and confused atnthe same time. Why had she done that? Yes, she was thankful for theninformation that her brother was safe, that she would see him soon;nbut a kiss? That was totally uncalled for. * VevillanCALM DOWN!* Shenshrunk from her mental command. She couldn't think like this, it wasnjust a peck on the cheek, it meant nothing. He barely knew her, evennwith all of his driving questions, and thats the way it would stay.nAngus would be back soon, and the moment he stepped foot in camp, shenwould explain what happened at home, and would send him back. Shenstill wasn't sure what she would do then. One thing was sure, shenwasn't going home. Her head dropped to the top of her arms, nowncrossed over her knees. She was 17, by now she ought to be planningnher marriage at least, or preparing for a baby! Not trapezing throughnwoodland, sleeping in a tent with man she wasn't promised to, runningnfrom the only village she'd ever known... what was she thinking? Shenneeded to leave, soon. She might not even be able to wait for Angus.nThe thought made Villy wipe away a tear. How could this havenhappened? It wasn't suppose to be like this, someone should havenrescued her by now, asked her to marry them, taken her to safety awaynfrom her father. She didn't want to have to save herself. She wasnstill sobbing quietly when she heard him coming. She brushed away thentears, trying hard to appear normal. \"Um, hey, Vevilla, Inuh...\" \"Can we leave now?\" she forced thenimpatience in her voice. She knew how harsh she sounded, but she wasntoo embarrassed, and feeling way too vulnerable right now, toncare. \"Oh. Yeah, we're heading out.\" he lookedndissappointed. Had he really been trying to say something? She didn'tnstop to wonder. Thinking about him, caring at all, was only going tonhurt her. Men weren't trustworthy, the only man she had every reallynlet in was her brother, and he had up and left just when she needednhim. Hamish... he was a soldier, a fighter, a man as likely tosurviventhe battlefield as to truly love her enough to take care of her. Shenwouldn't give him the chance to fail. Vevilla pushed past him backntowards the rest of the men not stopping to see if he followed. Theynhad more riding to do today, and she wouldn't be doing that anywherennear him. Hamish's POV- That night was the same as before. Shencried and shook, he held her, she quieted. But this time, she wokenup. And to his surprise, she dropped her head to his chest,ncrying. \"I'm sorry Hamish, so sorry.\" she pulled away,nrose, and hurried out of the tent. It was late, he was sure shenwouldn't have trouble from any of the men, but he was still worriednabout her. What on earth was wrong? This morning had been wonderful,nthey had talked, laughed even. She had answered all of his questions,neven though he hadn't the courage to ask the ones that were really onnhis mind. Was she in love? What were her nightmares about? Did shenresent him for keeping her here with him? But then, after he'd toldnher about her brother, after she'd kissednhim, thingsnhad gone bad; and he didn't understand why. She had kissed him afternall, not the other way around. When he'd gotten her from the stream,nhe could tell she'd been crying, but she'd been so abrupt, had walkednaway, before he had the chance to say anything. Now, she apologizednfor crying? And then ran. Hamish had a feeling she wasn't one to runnfrom her problems quickly, but the fact that he knew this wasn't thenfirst time she ran from a man concerned him. She needed someone tonprove to her that there were men that wouldn't hurt her. That he wouldn'tnhurt her. But how to make her understand? He got up and followednher, an idea, crazy and improbable, but an idea all the same, formingnin his mind. He breathed heavily, trying to get a grip on himself.nThis was either going to work or it wasn't, and if it did, well, he'dnbe thanking every god ever created, and if not...he wouldn't bensurprised. He finally found her crouched by a cold fire ring,nsitting on a log. Her arms wrapped around herself, at least shenwasn't crying anymore. That would make this easier. \"Um,nVevilla?\" she looked up at him, humiliation etched in everynfeature on her beautiful face. \"I know this, being here,nbeing with me, isn't easy for ya. What ever yer runnin from, wellnthat can't be easy either. But yer brothawon't beleavin the mennanytime soon, we won't be stopping anywhere civilizied close likeneither, and ye need someone lookin after ya.\" he stopped, shenwas watching him intently, a puzzled look on her face. Where was hengoing? Wherenwas he going?! \"Well,nI'd like the job...and, um, well, you haven't a father here tonask...\" * goodnGod man, get to the point, Hamish!* \"Wouldnya marry me Villy?\"[Chapter 4] This is for jesse142008, a quizillanwriter who encouraged me to re up this story! Love3 Villys POV – She stared at him. Did he really justnsay… no. She heard him wrong. Hamish did not just ask her tonmarry him. But then, why was he waiting for an answer…? \"Really?\" she kicked herself fornbeing such a dolt, but she couldn't find anything else to say. Henhad caught her completely off guard. Here she was, sitting andnthinking of a way to get her stuff out of the tent, food from thensupply wagon, and somehow get a message to Angus for when he got backnso she could sneak out. And here he comes with that?! He must bencrazy! \"Yes, I mean, well, ya know… justnthink about it! You can't be stayin with this many men and walknaway, if you walk away at all, with your reputation intact. I'mnlooking out for yer honor, Villy, that's all. I wouldn't evernhurt ya Vevilla. I know you 'aven't known me that long yet, but Incould be real good to ya. I'll take care of you best I can till mynlast breath if ya say yes. I promise you.\" He had been fidgetingnand blushing, and looking at the ground up till that last bit. Thennhe'd gotten real still, and looked her straight in the eye. Hernfather would kill her, her brother would go insane from shame, butnlooking into that big Scotsman's brown eyes, Villy McAndrewnbelieved him. And said… Hamishs POV – \"Yes. I'll marry you Hamish.\" Henstarted. She said yes. She said yes! He whooped, andnrushed to her, picking her straight up off the log and swinging hernaround in a huge bear hug. After a moment of shock, she laughed,ngiggling at first and then a true, deep in her chest laugh. Lookingninto her sparkling green eyes, Hamish had a feeling it'd been anlong while since she'd laughed like that. He fell in love with thensound right then, and silently vowed to hear it as often as he couldntill his dying day. God, she was beautiful. Villy's POV – Looking down into his handsome face,nVilly felt the greatest peace she'd known in years. She was in thenmiddle of a war camp, not knowing yet if her brother was alive, ifnher sisters were surviving without her, about to commit her life to anman who could very well die within days on a bloody battlefield; andnyet she was blissfully happy. It was strange that a man she hardlynknew had provoked this feeling but all the same, he had. She bent her head towards his smile andnkissed him gently on the lips, his enthusiastic response nearly hadnthem both on ground. She giggled, pulling away, and blushing. Henlaughed his deep, hearty laugh and let her feet touch back down. Henpressed his forehead to hers and closed his eyes. As their breathingnevened, her hands drifted down to his chest and his settled aroundnher waist. The sounds of the night enveloped them, and for once,nthere was no turmoil in either mind. \"VEVILLA?!\" They both jumped. She turned and hernstomach fluttered as her brother, covered in the dust of the road,nbattle scarred, and weary came running at her from the woods, a looknof disbelief and shock on his face. \"Hamish?! What the devil is goin on?nThat's meh sister your pawin!\" Villy's cheeks flushed, and shenstepped away from Hamish, only to be dragged back at the hip by hisnmeaty hand. \"Angus, brother where have ya been?nWe've been waitin hours on hours for ya!\" Angus's POV (I know shocker!) – \"Where 'ave I been? Where have I been?! I've been fightin a war! Running 'cross half thencountry delivering news to allies and enemies alike, and here I comenback and find my baby sister with you! Get yer hands off her!\" mynblood was boiling. True, Villy had more raised me than me her, but Inwas her older brother, and I couldn't stand seein her in anynmans arms, much less those of a soldier, friend of mine or not. \"Vevilla McAndrew, you are goingnhome. Now. A battle camp is no place for a woman, and thengirls! Saint's preserve us, you left them with Da?! Move yer arse,nthis minute lass, I'm warnin you!\" at this point I was about tonlose it… until she stepped up in front of me, took Hamish's handnin her own, and glared me down. That girl was half my size and shencould back me into a corner with them eyes alone. Vevilla isnstubborn, and strong. Good traits in a woman in these times, bad fornthe man who has to deal with her. I'd rather be fighting thenEnglish than my sister any day. \"He sold me, Angus. Shook his hand,nand traded me to ol' man McPhearson for a bottle o' whiskey.nWould ya have me go home to that? Cause I won't. Not now, not ever.nEven if you coulda made me before, I got myself a man now, and therenain't no sending me away from Hamish.\" I knew I was defeated.nThere was a slight chance I could have physically forced her home, ifnWallace would have let me leave for a few days to take her; but withnHamish standing there, all that determination and support for Villynin his face, there was no way I could win this fight. I sighed. \"You'll be the death of me Villy,nya know that lass?\" she relaxed before my eyes, the stress leavingnher body. She knew she'd won. A moment later, she was in my arms,nher face buried in my chest, laughing. Laughing. It'd beennso long, longer than when I left home, since I'd heard that sound.nMaybe giving her to Hamish wasn't such a bad idea. I looked up at the red haired giant andncaught a strange look on his face. I mixture of relief… and worry?nHe smiled when he saw me staring, but there was definitely somethingnthere. I'd have to ask him later… \"Come on you two! We've got to gontell Wallace! I wonder if there's a priest that can wed us…\"nVilly was tugging on both of our hands. For being so strong andnindependent, she was still a girl. Lookin back at Hamish, we noddednin a silent agreement. That's why we love her. ","Summary":" VevillanMcAndrew, what have you gotten yourself into now? That'snall Villy could think, as she stru"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"The Tale Of Tilly Pratt","Author":"AsAmyAsAlways","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/12838962","Passage":"[Chapter 1] New York, 1997. Christmas Eve. The fire crackled as an old woman rocked back and forth in her chair, knitting needles clicking together as the snow continued to fall outside. She looked up at her granddaughter, who was knotting a piece of string into a lasso while sitting on her rocking horse. She flicked the end of the string towards one of her teddy bears, managing to loop it around the bear's middle. \"Is this how Tilly did it, Granny?\" She asked, standing up in the horse's saddle and yanking the bear towards her. \"She would be proud.\" The woman told her. \"Do you remember her?\" Her granddaughter asked. \"She was my great-grandmother. I met her only a few times when I was very little. But I do remember seeing a photo of her when she was younger. She was very beautiful. You have her hair. Dark reddy brown, almost a purple maroon.\" The woman said thoughtfully. \"Can you tell me the story again?\" The little girl asked, curling up in front of the fire with her bear. The old woman smiled and set her knitting down in her lap as she began to tell the story of her great-grandmother, Matilda Pratt, the legendary outlaw of the Wild West. \"Matilda, or Tilly Pratt was brought up in the Texas desert by outlaws. When she was twenty years old, she saved the life of John Reid, the local sheriff's son, and they became friends, eventually falling in love. Four years later they were ready to spend the rest of their lives together, but John's father did not want his son to be seen with, let alone marry an outlaw. So, his father told him to leave her.\" The old woman recalled. \"There's no way John would do that, though, right? I mean…he loves her.\" Her granddaughter asked innocently. \"If only that was true.\" Her grandmother replied, shaking her head. \"On the day John was scheduled to leave Texas to study Law, he pulled Tilly aside. She was so proud of him...He told her that she was no longer appropriate for him. This broke Tilly's heart, and as she watched him leave, she vowed to never be appropriate for anyone, and it became one of her most recognisable qualities. It was not appropriate for a woman to be a lawman, so she became an outlaw. It was not appropriate for a woman to bare her ankles in a skirt, so she wore hers well above her knees. And so, everything that she couldn't do, she did and everything she could never be, she became.\" The old woman finished. \"But that's not the end. Is it?\" The little girl asked. \"Isn't there supposed to be a happy ending.\" The old woman smiled at the girl's eagerness to hear the story, even though she'd heard it many times before. \"No. It is not the end.\" The old woman said, and continued the story of the Tilly Pratt, the Lone Ranger and the Indian. Colby, Texas, 1869. On the ridge, Tilly sat atop her horse and looked down into the valley where the small town of Colby sat quietly in the center. Through the valley lay the newly erected railway. Built to unite the country of America. But Tilly couldn't care less about trains. She was more interested in what was in one that was due to approach Colby any minute. The outlaw, Butch Cavendish, was en route to hang in the town and that was all thanks to Tonto, a Comanche and friend of Tilly. While Cavendish was a fellow outlaw, Tilly had a sense of decency, and a general respect for human life. Tonto had gotten aboard the train, and was keeping an eye on Butch, so all they had to do was make sure he got to his hanging on time. Tilly stood up in the saddle as she saw the train round the base of the ridge. Right on time. Aboard the train, sat a man who hadn't been in Colby for the past five years. He'd been at law school and was returning to become the town's judge and Texas Ranger. John Reid flicked through his pocket sized constitution, until he reached the photograph he used as a bookmark. The photograph was of a beautiful girl, whom he hadn't seen since he left Colby. He smiled at her pretty face, but was nervous about what would happen if he ran into her. Back on the ridge top, Tilly watched as the train snaked it's way through the valley, but her attention was quickly drawn to loud yells from the bottom of the ridge, where she saw a group of men aboard horses racing towards the train. She recognised them as Butch's men, and knowing that things had been going too smoothly, stirred her horse and galloped off the ridge top, giving chase to the train. By the time she caught up with the train, some of Butch's men had already made it inside the carriages and were no doubt terrorizing the passengers. As an outlaw, Tilly was neither hated nor loved, but she always made sure she hid her identity, just in case. So, she hooked the other corner of the black clothe that was hanging by the side of her face behind her ear so it was covering her nose and mouth, and urged her horse forwards. She reached the passenger car and after clicking to her horse, to keep pace with the train, stood on top of the saddle and leapt across to the carriages couplings. Tilly drew her two pistols and pushed open the door to see a carriage full of Presbyterian women and children. One of Butch's men was trying to take a ring off an old woman, while another was singing along with a sobbing lady as the band was held at his gun point. The carriage fell silent as they saw Tilly standing in the doorway. She was certainly a rare sight, dressed in a dusty purple skirt that was eye-wateringly short at the front and circled round to her calves at the back, her matching corset showed off her tanned and strong shoulders and her heeled, lace up boots extended her already long legs. While her face was mostly covered by the cloth, her aqua eyes stood out against the dark makeup she wore around them. \"Hey, Frank.\" She said to one of Butch's as he stared at her. \"Uh, hi.\" He replied nervously. Butch's other man wasn't as distracted and aimed his pistol at her. Frank ducked out of the way as Tilly beat the man to it, firing a single shot that hit him in the chest. The women in the carriage screamed as she looked around for Frank, but he'd disappeared. Tilly started through the carriage and reached for the door handle when a shout came up from behind her. \"Harlot!\" The priest screamed, looking from her to the dead man. She glared warningly at him and he stepped back, not daring to challenge her again. She wrenched open the door to the carriage and stood on the coupling as, above her, Frank leapt to the next carriage, running across the rooves. Tilly whistled to her horse, and Bessy appeared beside the carriage. She leapt down and landed in the saddle. With the extra speed, Tilly chased after Frank. As the train approached the town, Tilly realised she had more things to worry about, as the powerful engine wasn't slowing down. Tilly caught up with Frank, who was pointing his pistols at Tonto, who had somehow escaped, with another man in a suit. Tilly pulled the whip from her belt and snapped it towards Frank's leg, wrapping itself neatly around his ankle. He just had time to look down before Tilly yanked his feet out from under him, and he toppled off the side of the train. Standing beside Tonto, John watched as Frank disappeared over the side of the carriage and looked over the edge to see a woman jump on top of her horse's saddle and prepare to leap onto the carriage. \"Who is that?\" John asked the Indian he was chained to. \"Great warrior.\" He replied as the woman leapt onto the carriage and pulled herself up, onto the roof. \"We have to stop the train! That's the end of the line.\" John said to the woman as she stood up and looked ahead to where workman were still constructing the track. \"Must jump!\" The Indian yelled. \"There's no time. We have to unhook the carriages.\" She replied, running past them and leaping across to the next carriage. The trio ran along the top of the train til they reached the first passenger carriage. The woman dropped down and pulled out the bolt, letting the carriages free of the speeding train. \"Oh, damn.\" The woman muttered to herself as she realised, the three of them were still aboard the engine. \"Now what?\" John asked, as they were now only two hundred meters from the end of the track. \"Now, you jump.\" She replied, and dropped down into the empty cabin, where she found a pick axe, and broke off the end. She hurried back over to him and the Indian, tying the spike to the end of their chains. \"You're gonna want to hold on to each other. This is gonna hurt.\" She yelled, and threw the spike over the back of the train. John hesitated for a moment, not understanding what was happening, but as the pike caught on one of the sleepers, he understood. The chain tightened and he and the Indian, were yanked off the back of the train, flying for a second before landing on the track where they'd previously been standing. Once Tilly was sure the pair had cleared the train, she whistled once again to Bessy and she jumped down, onto the horses back as the train ran off the tracks and into the soft sand, skidding violently, before tipping on it's side and rolling to a stop. \"Good girl.\" She said to her faithful horse, patting it's flank as they walked back to where Tonto and the other man where laying, still on the railway. She thought for a moment that they were dead, but Tonto soon let out a wheeze, and rolled onto his back as the other man gulped in lungful's of air trying to regain the wind had been knocked out of him. \"You alright, Tonto?\" She asked her friend, leaning forwards in her saddle. \"Oh yes. Very fine.\" He said sarcastically. Tilly turned to the other man, but paused as she recognised him, much to her annoyance. \"What are you doing back here?\" She asked and the man squinted up at her, confused. \"What?\" He wheezed. \"You shouldn't of come back.\" She said, and pulled away her mask, revealing her identity to the man she once loved. \"Tilly?\" John Reid asked, astonished, but she ignored him as Tonto pulled himself to his feet and walked over to her. \"Windigo gone.\" He said, referring to Butch. \"Great.\" She replied tiresomely. \"His fault.\" Tonto added, pointing to John. \"Half-wit. Wet brain.\" \"I agree.\" Tilly said as John continued to stare at her. \"Must find Cavendish.\" Tonto decided and started off, towards the desert. \"If you need me, you know where to find me.\" She said to him, as he went off to try and track down Butch…again. \"Tilly.\" John called, having found his tongue. \"You stay out of my life.\" She interrupted him, turning Bessie back towards town. \"I was gonna ask if I could have a lift.\" He said. \"You have legs, don't you?\" Tilly called over her shoulder, and she saw John looked down at his legs. \"Use them.\" She added, before riding back into town.[Chapter 2] Being the new counselor in town, John had taken it upon himself to hunt down Butch Cavendish. So, he rounded up his brother Dan and childhood friend Collins, both Texas Rangers and set off on horse back, into the desert. The trio rode non-stop until they reached a deep canyon, where they sent in Collins to make sure they wouldn't get ambushed. \"Here. Take this.\" Dan said, handing his little brother a pistol. \"No, I don't believe in them. You know that.\" John replied. As a man of the law he believed in justice and that everyone deserved a fair trial. \"Butch Cavendish won't care either way.\" Dan warned. \"I'll take my chances.\" John replied as a whistle came up from the valley and Collins waved them all clear. The pair rode into the valley, and John looked around at the incredibly, sheer cliffs surrounding them on either side. \"Where's Collins?\" Dan asked, drawing John's attention back to the mission. \"Collins!\" John shouted and there was a pause before gun shots started echoing throughout the valley. \"Ambush!\" Dan yelled and the two brothers stirred their horses and raced off, down the valley. John was slightly ahead of Dan as bullets continued to rain down on them. Behind him came a yell and the whinnie of a horse. John looked over his shoulder in time to see Dan's horse fall to the ground, with Dan lying a few meters away in the dirt. \"Dan!\" John yelled and leapt off his horse, skidding to a stop beside his brother, who had two bullet holes in his chest. \"Leave me.\" He spluttered. \"No.\" John refused, and heaved his brother to his feet and dragged him back to his horse. \"You're gonna be fine.\" He assured Dan as there was a single bullet shot and John went ridged, feeling a strange sensation in his chest. He stumbled once and then fell to the ground, barely conscious as Butch Cavendish and his men rode into the valley. He watched as the blurry figure of Cavendish dismounted from his horse and waltzed over to Dan. He crouched down beside his dying brother, a smirk on his thin lips and said something that John couldn't make out with his swirling head. And just before he lost consciousness completely he saw Butch drive his knife into Dan's chest and tear out his heart before stuffing it in his mouth. Then everything went black. Back in Colby, Tilly stood at the back of a crowd, gathered to hear a speech by the railway's Manager, Latham Cole. She certainly stood out from the dusty crowd in her long, ruby coloured skirt, which of course was shorter at the front and her matching red corset with straps sitting off her shoulders. \"My friends and citizens of Colby, I've asked you here today so you can see at firsthand what I believe to be the single most important enterprise under God…\" Cole announced, taking the stage as the crowd applauded politely. \"The unification of this great country of ours by iron rail.\" He continued before turning to two Indians on horseback. \"To the Comanche, I say you have nothing to fear. As long as there is peace between us, all land treaties shall be honored…But to the outlaw, those who prey upon the weak, make no mistake, law and order has come to the Wild West.\" He decreed and the crowd cheered as Tilly rolled her eyes. 'How does he think law and order came to the West?' She thought to herself and as Cole finished his speech, she turned her attention back to the small line of markets that ran down the main street. A stall with beautiful material caught her eye and she pulled out a black velvet neck tie. She pulled it around her neck, feeling the soft material against her tanned skin. \"Very pretty.\" The Chinese woman who owned the stall said enticingly, holding a mirror up to Tilly. \"It's beautiful.\" Tilly complimented the woman. \"For you.\" She offered. \"Oh, no. Thank you.\" Tilly replied and pulled off the tie. \"For you!\" She insisted, glancing over Tilly's shoulder and Tilly looked too, to see Latham Cole eyeing her closely. 'Well, if Mr Cole is buying it for me, then I'll definitely keep it.' Tilly thought to herself, knowing that the businessman would try yet again to make advances on her, but she'd worked out the more times she said no, the more times he'd try and win her over by buying her things, so if it meant she got things for free then why not let him try. Some people may have seen this as the act of a gold digger, but Cole shouldn't have been pressuring a much younger woman in the first place. \"Thank you.\" Tilly said to the woman, and tied the tie around her neck. \"It suits you.\" Cole said as Tilly moved on from the stall. \"So, what do you think of our endeavor?\" he asked. \"It's very impressive.\" She replied. \"It'll be finished in a week and a half. The two tracks will join at Promontory Point.\" He added as Tilly fixed the strap on her dress. \"You know…\" Cole started, a little hesitantly. \"…nine out of ten people would be offended by that outfit.\" \"But you're the tenth?\" She asked. \"Well, I believe people should embrace their individuality. Be themselves.\" He replied as he couldn't help but let his eyes wander, confirming for the billionth time that he was disgusting. John's eyes flew open as he filled his lungs with big gasps of air. His head pounded and the sky seemed to spin nauseatingly, as he managed to sit up. He was sitting on the side of a Rocky Mountain, and as he turned to look around he came face-to-face with the last person he expected to see. \"Tonto?\" He managed, but the Indian just stared at him as John rubbed his dirty head. \"W-Why am i covered in dirt?\" \"I buried you.\" Tonto replied. \"I thought I was dead.\" John said. \"Horse...\" Tonto explained, nodding at a pure white stallion, standing near the camp. \"...says you are Spirit Walker. A man who has been to the other side, and returned. A man who cannot be killed in battle.\" \"Right.\" John said slowly and paused as memories came flooding back. \"Dan.\" He breathed. \"What about my brother?\" \"Dan is very dead.\" Tonto replied. \"He tore out his heart.\" John said, referring to Cavendish. \"What kind of man does that?\" \"My people call him Windigo. An evil spirit born to throw nature out of balance. I had been hunting him for twenty six years, and I had him on the train, until you showed up.\" Tonto said accusingly. \"Excuse me. I believe I saved your life.\" John replied confidently. \"Then you are stupid, Kemosabe.\" He decided. \"Yeah, well. I'm going. Thanks for all your help.\" John said, getting up and looking around to find the best way to go. \"Where do you go?\" Tonto asked. \"Into town, to form a posse.\" He replied. \"That is not such good idea.\" Tonto advised. \"Yeah? Why not?\" He asked sceptically. \"Because there was a gun waiting for Cavendish on the train.\" Tonto said, and John stopped as realisation dawned on him. \"Three men rode into canyon, I dig two graves.\" \"Collins.\" John breathed. \"He knew us since we were kids.\" \"You find traitor. Your find Windigo.\" Tonto said and threw a leather vest to John. \"Dan's vest.\" John said painfully, before pulling something out of the pocket. It was a leather mask, made from the vest. \"Eyes cut from the bullets that killed him. From the great beyond, he will protect you and the ones you love.\" Tonto said. \"You want me to wear a mask?\" John asked skeptically. \"The men you seek think you are dead, Kemosabe. Better to stay that way.\" Tonto advised. \"All right, but if we ride together it's to bring these men to justice in a court of law. Is that understood?\" John said. \"Justice is what I seek, Kemosabe.\" Tonto replied, placing the white hat onto John's head.[Chapter 3] TTOTP – 3 \"Evening, Red.\" Tilly said as she walked up the steps of her boss' open office, overlooking the bar and full house. The red headed woman sitting at the desk looked over the top of her tiny spectacles at her and smiled when she saw who it was. \"Evening, my Dear.\" Red replied. \"How's business?\" Tilly asked. \"Very good. With this railroad almost finished, people are starting to relax more and...have a little fun.\" She replied and then thought a moment before continuing. \"You know, I was thinking. Why don't you join the other girls on the floor? It sure does pay better than working out the back.\" \"Thank you, Red. But I'm happy where I am.\" Tilly replied before walking through the office and into the room at the back where she worked. Her job was to count money, take inventory and make sure that Red's House Of Sin stayed open. The day had been long, and it was obvious by the state of Tilly's dress. So, after quickly changing into a dusty rose coloured, corseted dress with straps that fell off her shoulders and trademark skirt, she sat at the desk and began counting the nights already high takings. She hadn't gotten very far, however, when there was the sound of a commotion outside, in Red's office. Sometimes people got a little too rowdy and found their way upstairs. So, Tilly grabbed a pistol and opened the door to see Red talking to Tonto, of all people, and a man wearing a white hat and black leather mask. \"There ain't no railroad without girls like mine, doing the heavy lifting.\" Red was saying to the pair as I walked over to join her. \"What's with the mask?\" Tilly asked the tall man who had a strange look of fear and disbelief on his face as he stared at her. \"Homer, get these morons out of here.\" Red said to her body guard, who stepped forward to escort the masked man and Tonto away. But Tonto pulled out a knife and drove it into the wooden table in front of Red, who pulled out a pistol and aimed it at Tonto. Tilly pulled out her own pistol and aimed it at the masked man who threw his hands up in surrender immediatley. \"Windigo getting away.\" Tonto said. \"What the hell's he talking about?\" Red asked. \"Nothing. It's an Indian thing.\" The Masked Man replied. \"Man who has taste for human flesh.\" Tonto said again, and I glanced down at Red, knowing exactly who he was talking about. \"Butch Cavendish.\" She breathed. \"Well, why didn't you just say so?\" She added and turned to Tilly. It wasn't done to discuss other client's business with anyone who wasn't working here, but this was different. This was personal. To everyone. \"This way.\" Tilly said and directed the trio into the back office. \"Collins. Your traitor was in about a week ago with Sheriff Dan Reid, they were having themselves one hell of an arguement about something they'd found in the desert. He paid us with this.\" Tilly finished and tossed a chunk of silver to the masked man. \"It's worthless around here, but get it to San Fransisco, they'll pay a thousand dollars for a piece like that.\" \"Red, we got trouble.\" Red's bodyguard said as he appeared at the door. I looked through the office window to see a large group of townsfolk with pitchforks and torches marching through the house down below. \"Sorry, Tonto. Indians don't seem to be welcome here.\" Tilly said. \"He has as much right to be here as anyone else.\" The masked man said nobally. \"Not since the Comanche violated the treaty.\" Red replied. \"They've been raiding settlements up and down the river.\" \"Better go out the back.\" She added to the pair. \"Come, Tilly.\" Tonto nodded ugrently. \"Need help with, Kemosabe.\" He added and nodded towards his partner who stood there awkwardly. The trio headed out the back door as the crowd barged past Red and into the office. Tilly lead the group down the back steps and leapt down the last three to where the horses were kept. Tonto leapt onto a beautiful white Stallion while Tilly swung herself onto her black Mare. \"Come on.\" She urged the masked man and after a moments hesitation, he grabbed her hand and climbed up behind her. Her horse bolted out of the stables with Tonto close behind as they were chased out of the town by the mob. They rode until they reached the river, where the Comanche were supposedly ransacking villages. As dawn broke, they came across a small settlement that had been burned to the ground. The trio dismounted from their horses and picked their way through the debris. Tilly made her way into what used to be the kitchen and came across the body of one of the Comanches. She couldn't understand why they'd violated the treaty until she took a closer look at the man. This was no Indian. This was one of Cavendish's men; painted up and dressed like an Indian. Now the question was why? \"This wasn't the Comanche.\" She said, returning to the others. \"This was Cavendish.\" \"Why?\" The masked man asked. \"No idea.\" She shrugged. \"What do we do now?\" he asked. \"Tracks lead north, toward Indian country.\" Tonto replied, walking over to one of the settlement's horses, tied up at it's post. \"That's four hundred square miles of rock and desert. Not even an Indian can track through that.\" The man replied. \"We follow horse, Kemosabe.\" Tonto replied, freeing the horse, and as it galloped off, we climbed back onto our own horses. \"Why does he keep calling you Kemosabe?\" Tilly asked the masked man behind her. \"I don't know. What does it mean?\" He asked. \"Wrong brother.\" She replied, not understanding. But John understood perfectly well. He also knew perfectly well that if Tilly found out who he was, she would not allow him to hold onto her as they rode off like he was now. She'd probably kick him off the horse and drag him behind by his feet. Although, he couldn't deny the fact that he was grateful for the chance to hold her again. The truth was, he regretted what he'd done everyday since he'd left and he'd never once stopped thinking about her. He missed her and he wanted to tell her how stupid he'd been and how sorry he was, but he didn't like his chances of her even letting him near enough to try. They followed the lone horse until the sun was high in the sky. They'd just reached a sandy plane when the masked man asked the question they'd all been thinking about. \"Why would Cavendish make it look like the Comanche violated the treaty? It must have something to do with what my broth...those rangers found in the desert.\" John said, catching himself before he gave the game away. \"Perhaps he want to make it look like Comanche violated treaty.\" Tonto said unhelpfully. \"That's very helpful, thank you.\" John replied as ahead of them, the horse they had been following stopped, looked uncertainly around before keeling over onto the sand. The group dismounted and Tilly leaned against her horse as Tonto nudged the other creature with his foot. \"Horse dead.\" He announced and Tilly rubbed her forehead. \"I can see that. Now what?\" The masked man asked before walking purposefully over to the Indian. \"We're lost, aren't we? I knew it. Just follow the horse. That was your idea? But you can't talk to a dead horse now can you?\" He finished. Tonto just looked at him blankly before pulling some bird seed out of his pocket and sprinkling over the dead bird on his head piece. \"Stupid bird.\" The man muttered and reached for his pistol to blow it off Tonto's head, but Tilly was faster, grabbing his arm and flipping him onto the ground. He lay on his back as she pressed her knee against his neck. \"You need to calm down.\" She said to him, before glancing down at something shiny on his chest. It was a ranger star. \"I thought all the rangers were dead.\" She said. \"Who are you?\" \"I'm...uh...\" The man tried to think, but Tilly was impatient, so reached down and pulled off his mask. \"Tilly wait...\" he tried as she pulled it away. \"You've got to be kidding me!\" She yelled and pushed away from him, pressing down on his neck a little harder than necessary, and he sat up coughing. \"Tilly...\" John began, standing up. \"Don't.\" She fumed, before bending down and picking up a handful of sand. \"Leave. Me. Alone!\" She yelled, throwing a handful of sand at him with each word. \"Sorry, Tonto.\" She said to her friend. \"But you're gonna have to do this one alone.\" Tilly stalked back to her horse, but stopped as he heel hit something hard in the sand. She bent down and brushed the sand away from a sleek silver rail. \"Train tracks.\" She said, and Tonto came running over. \"But this is Indian territory.\" Suddenly, there was the sound of something whistling through the air, then a shriek from behind them as John was impaled with an arrow and keeled over backwards. Around them, Comanche emerged from the hot, wavering air, from below ridges and around boulders. There were at least thirty of them and they all carried loaded bows. Tilly and Tonto slowly stood up and raised their hands as they were surrounded.[Chapter 4] Tilly watched, with unapologetic pleasure, as Tonto yanked the arrow out of John's chest, waking him from his unconsciousness with a loud yell. The trio were currently locked in a bone cage that wrapped around a large tree, while the Comanche danced and chanted around a flaming bonfire. \"Are they Comanche?\" John asked, looking over at the dancing tribe. \"Mm-hmm.\" Tonto replied. \"Well, that's good, right?\" He asked. \"Not so much.\" Tonto replied. \"They are doing death dance.\" \"For us?\" John asked. \"Yes.\" Tonto replied, holding up a rusty needle to sew shut the hole in John's chest. \"Is that thing sterile?\" John asked. \"Yes. I make urine on it.\" Tonto replied as he drove the needle into John's chest making him yell out. \"Try to think of something pleasant.\" Tonto suggested. \"Like...like, Tilly.\" Tilly rolled her eyes and sat back against the tree, watching the Comanche. \"She is your wife, yes?\" Tonto asked and Tilly raised her eyebrows. \"Uh, no.\" John replied, embarrassed. \"Well you argue like it.\" Tonto said. \"Are you…?\" He added, waggling his eyebrows at John. \"No. Not anymore. We're...friends.\" John replied. \"Then you are more stupid than I thought.\" Tonto decided and it was silent for a moment, apart from a few groans from John as the needle continued to cause him pain. Tilly continued to look away, but couldn't help overhear the next part of their conversation. \"So, you will fill her with child, no?\" Tonto asked. \"What?\" John cried in a hushed voice, so Tilly wouldn't hear, but oh, she most definitely heard. \"When you were on the other side, you spoke of her in your vision.\" Tonto continued, just as loudly as before. \"Well, lack of oxygen can cause the brain to hallucinate. Everybody knows that.\" John said, and Tilly chanced a glance at him. She wasn't sure whether to feel hurt about him trying to deny it, or angry that he brushed it off. Neither sat well with her, because it meant she cared. Which she didn't. Obviously. \"Yes, but you didn't speak of her as a friend. Hmm?\" Tonto finished and John was silent after that. The next morning, Tilly was woken by the sounds of yelping and whooping. She looked out of the cage to see the Comanche mounting their horses and racing away as fast as their steeds would take them as the sound of a trumpet somehow made it through the commotion. \"What's going on?\" She asked, peering out from the cage. \"The Cavalry.\" Tonto replied, referring to the Mounted American Army. \"Oh, thank goodness! Civilisation.\" John sighed. \"We'll just explain the situation and get this whole misunderstanding cleared up.\" He finished as the cavalry shot straight through the camp, yelling loudly in pursuit of the Indians, and not even glancing in our direction. As the last horses disappeared and the dust settled I looked meaningfully at John. \"Perhaps they didn't see us.\" He suggested. \"Oh, no. They will be back any minute.\" Tonto said sarcastically, shaking his head. Tilly walked over to the lock on the cage and pulled the only pin she had, out of her hair, and inserted it into the lock as her hair fell down her back. She twisted the pin around a few times before the lock clicked and she pushed the door open. \"Why didn't you do that earlier?\" John asked. \"Because I didn't feel like being skewered.\" She replied. \"Coming?\" She added, climbing onto her horse. \"Where to?\" John asked and Tilly leaned forward in the saddle, looking to Tonto. \"To where the river begins.\" He said. … The small band soon arrived at the beginning of the river. Chinamen waddeled back and forth under the weight of the buckets of silver, ready to be poured into huge train carriages. At the entrance, Cavendish's men watched over the progress as Butch himself inspected a large chunk of silver. \"How are we gonna get to Cavendish?\" John asked. \"I have an idea.\" Tilly replied, and lead the others, past Butch's men and into the tunnel, where the train tracks had recently been laid. She ducked into the shadows, and the others followed suit. When the time was right, Tilly nodded to Tonto who cupped his hands over his mouth and made an Indian bird call. All the Chinamen in the tunnel stopped their work and listened intently, looking around for the source of the sound. Tonto called again, this time a little louder, and then again. This was enough to scare the Chinamen out of the tunnel, and go running to Cavendish, hopefully telling him that there were Indian Spirits inside. Soon, the sound of two pairs of boots came echoing through the tunnel, and when they reached the group, they were swiftly knocked out and hidden away, cutting down the number of men Butch had. Tilly picked up a stick of dynamite from it's box and lit it, before tossing it into a mining cart and pushing it out towards Cavendish so it rolled to a stop in front of them. They watched, just in the shadows, as the men warily walked over to the cart. They carefully glanced down inside before turning quickly and sprinting in the opposite direction as the dynamite went off, throwing them forwards. As the dust cleared, Tilly, John and Tonto walked out of the tunnel and over to the barely conscious Cavendish. He rolled over, onto his stomach and tried to reach for his gun, but John got there first and kicked it out of his reach. \"You're supposed to be dead.\" Cavendish said to him, looking up at his ranger badge. John grabbed him by his jacket, and slammed him against a mining cart. \"You're gonna pay for what you've done...\" John hissed, pushing the barrel of his pistol in Butch's chest. \"...To the full extent of the law.\" Cavendish finished. \"Well I'll be damned. A lawyer, a crazy Indian and a wench.\" He added looking at Tilly. \"How dare you.\" John growled at that last statement, and flipped the pistol over in his hand and clubbed Butch across the face with the handle. \"Is this love, Lawman?\" Butch chuckled. \"'Cause, uh, I doubt she proper.\" \"You're wrong.\" John said, feeling more confident than he ever had in his life. \"I am far from deserving of her. Just as you will never be deserving of forgiveness.\" He finished, and Tilly felt her heart swell. But she didn't want it to. She didn't like him. Plain and simple. \"Time for justice.\" Tonto said, handing John a loaded pistol. \"No, this isn't justice. He's unarmed.\" He replied. \"Windigo cut out brother's heart. Where is brother's justice?\" Tonto asked. \"No. I'm not a savage.\" John replied adamantly. \"Fine. I will do it.\" Tonto decided. \"Wait.\" Tilly said. \"John's right.\" Tonto couldn't believe that she was siding with the white man. \"Tonto, I want this too, but it's not right.\" Tilly tried. \"You will not keep me from my destiny.\" He replied and pushed past the pair to kneel down in front of Cavendish with a loaded gun. Beside Tilly, John bent down and picked up a metal shovel and as Tonto went to pull the trigger, he swung it, clobbering the Indian in the side of the head and knocking him out cold. \"I knew I could count on you, Counsellor.\" Cavendish said, as Tilly knelt down to tie his hands together with rope. John took the end from her and mounted. Tilly mounted too, and though she felt guilty for leaving Tonto, she prided herself as an outlaw of justice. So, off the pair rode, dragging the infamous outlaw behind them, all the way back to Promontory Point.[Chapter 5] A/N: Hi all! I'm sorry for not posting more consistently. I'll be posting a new chapter each day from now on. Thank you for bearing with me and for reading! Lots of love and best wishes! The trip to Promontory Point was slow going because Butch was walking, but Tilly didn't mind as it gave her plenty of time to work out her thoughts. She'd always believed in second chances, which meant that John deserved one, but she didn't want to be the woman who runs back to the man and forgives him instantly because she loves him. They travelled until night had well and truly fallen, before making camp at an abandoned Indian settlement. It was very eerie. The tent flaps gently waving in the breeze, belongings lying around as if everyone had vanished suddenly and fire pits sitting unused as if they'd been built just in time for their creators to leave. John tied Cavendish up in one of the tents while Tilly started a fire. He watched her as she worked and only looked away when she sensed his eyes on her. He made his way into one of the tents, which had amulets and trinkets hanging from the roof. He held one in his hand. A crystal, that multiplied anything if you looked through it by eight. He looked through it around the room, but let it go when he saw eight Tillys standing in the doorway. \"Uh, hi.\" He stammered. \"Hi.\" She replied, with just the hint of a smile. \"I...just wanted to say thank you for what you did back there. You'd think after all this time I'd have gotten used to people thinking so little of me.\" She shrugged, stepping further into the tent. \"Some people still think the world of you.\" John replied honestly, and he thought he saw her swell with pride, but it could just have been the light. \"Tilly, I'm so sorry.\" He began, and faltered slightly when she looked down. \"It's nowhere near an excuse but I was young and stupid and wanted to please my Father. But I never once stopped loving you.\" \"You said I wasn't worthy of you. Did you really think so little of me?\" Tilly asked sadly. \"Tilly, I thought the world of you. I still do. And it is I who is not worthy of you. \" He replied and stepped forward earnestly. \"What do I do?\" He asked, almost to the point of begging Tilly to give him something, but she had nothing to say, or rather she didn't know how to say it. John sighed when she didn't reply and walked out of the tent to check on Cavendish. Tilly stood there, and thought for a long time before working out how to say what needed to be said. She left the tent and walked over to the fire where she sat down and waited for John to return. When he did, he hovered behind her, not sure if his presence was welcome or not. \"You think it's about you? What you should do?\" Tilly said to him. \"And that I'm just waiting here for you to pass a test…and you did. So now I have to love you. That's how it goes. But I don't. I choose for me. Not you. So let me go.\" She finished, looking up at him as he sat down beside her. \"I can't. I won't.\" He said honestly. \"Let me go!\" She cried and went to push him away but he caught her hands. \"Let me go.\" \"Tilly stop.\" He said gently. \"The Tilly you loved is dead. I don't even remember what it feels like to be her.\" Tilly said as she felt tears in her eyes, which only made her more upset. Even as she said it, she longed to remember what it felt like to be loved, cherished...wanted. \"But the world won't let it.\" She said the last part out loud. \"Maybe...maybe we are not worthy of the world, that's for someone else to judge, but we are worthy of each other. We are worthy of each other's love.\" John said, putting his hand on the side of Tilly's face as a tear dropped down her cheek. Tilly stared at the man she once loved, or still loves, she wasn't sure, but in that moment she remembered what it felt like to be loved, to be wanted, to be cared for. So, she leant forward and as tears fell from her eyes she kissed him, and he was there to hold her and return her love. John was wary not to seem too eager, but Tilly wrapped her arms around his neck, deepening the kiss. He pulled her onto his lap and held her against him, vowing never to let her out of his sight again. She slid her hands down to the lapels on his jacket and held them tightly, almost as if she was fearful that he might disappear. When their lips finally parted, Tilly looked straight at John, the dancing fire reflecting in her eyes. \"I love you.\" He whispered earnestly, running the back of his hand down her cheek. \"And I you.\" Tilly replied, closing her eyes against his touch.[Chapter 6] The next morning, Tilly woke as the last embers of the fire died. She was lying under a thin blanket that didn't provide much warmth, but what the blanket didn't provide John did. He was lying beside her, his arm wrapped tightly around her. Every now and then she felt his breath parting her hair. The sound of a whinnying horse brought her to full consciousness, and she looked up to see the white horse walking out of one of the tents with John's hat perched jauntily on it's head. Tilly sat up and stared at the horse. John felt her move and he too sat up, bleary eyed. \"Where did you say you got that horse from again?\" She asked. \"I didn't. But according to Tonto it's a Spirit...Horse.\" He replied, realising how silly it sounded. The two watched in stunned silence as the horse sauntered past and over to a small patch of grass, which it began nibbling at. \"We should keep moving.\" Tilly said, getting up and stamping out the remains of fire. And so, the group continued their journey, trekking through sand, over rock, through rivers and eventually over the tall bridge that signified the Commanche border, that would carry them back to Colby. By the time they arrived, night had fallen and Cavalry soldiers cast eerie glows from the fire pits they surrounded against the long train. Tilly had her face covered with the neck tie Cole had bought her. She wasn't ready for everyone to know who she was just yet. She enjoyed a bit on anonymity. \"Halt.\" One of them ordered. \"Latham Cole!\" John yelled in the direction of the train, ignoring the soldiers as they advanced on them with guns drawn. \"Latham Cole!\" John yelled again, this time bringing out the Railroad Master and the Captain of the Cavalry. \"What is it friend?\" Cole asked. \"This is the man you've been looking for.\" John replied and hauled Butch forward so he tumbled to the ground in front of Cole. \"Butch Cavendish. Just like one of those great lizards buried in the desert. The last of a dying breed.\" Cole spat as he kicked Cavendish in the head. \"Hey!\" John warned and leapt off his horse to pick up Cavendish. \"I brought this man in for justice.\" \"Of course.\" Cole nodded, and let a soldier step forward to handcuff the outlaw. \"Come aboard. I'm sure you're both hungry.\" Cole said to Tilly and John, who dismounted and followed him inside where they were each given a fancy room inside to wash. The pair had been invited to dine with Cole, and they were heading through the train to meet him when Tilly noticed the glow of a fire underneath one of the doors. She thought it was strange, because there was no one else on board, so she told John to go ahead and pushed open the door. The room was empty, and the only movement came from the crackling fireplace. Tilly walked over to the fire, but wasn't paying any particular attention to it, until something burning in it caught her eye. A group of papers had been tossed into the fire place with drawings and notes sprawled across them. They'd only been singed, which meant they'd only recently been thrown in, and in a hurry too. So, careful of the flames, she reached into the fire and pulled out the papers. Tilly knelt down and brushed the soot away from what she now saw where maps. Maps of the railroad. Maps of the railroad running right through the middle of the Comanche Territory. The railroad wasn't supposed to go anywhere near that area. The Comanche and Cole's superiors had drawn up a treaty promising to leave their land untouched. But the 'Comanche', had, in everyone's eyes, violated the treaty, giving Cole and his superiors exactly what they wanted. The pieces suddenly began to fit together in Tilly's mind. The railroad wanted to go straight across America, but they had to change their plans because of the Comanche, so they drew up a peace treaty to respect each party. But as soon as the Comanche had violated the treaty, it meant that the Railroad had no obligation to avoid the their land. But the Comanche hadn't violated the treaty, it was Cavendish posing as them. But why? Tilly got up to look out of the window to the back of the train, and sure enough she saw huge carriages, filled to the brim with chunks of silver. And then suddenly it all made sense. Train tracks. That's what the Rangers had found in the Indian Territory. They wouldn't go along with Cole's plan to frame the Comanche by using Cavendish, so he had them all killed. Butch was helping Cole get his railroad and in return, Cole would give Cavendish enough silver to buy a whole country. Tilly hurried back to the maps on the floor, but just as she bent down, the train jolted forwards and began moving. She had to get to John. She had to warn him. Suddenly, a chain was wrapped around her neck from behind and someone, yanked her backwards, trying to choke her. Her hands flew to the chain and tried to pull it away from her throat. Whoever was behind her, pulled harder, so she went with them, tilting her head back and ducking under the chain. She whirled around and came face to face with Butch's man, Frank. Tilly pulled her pistol out of her holster and began to raise it, but someone caught her hand from behind. She looked over her shoulder to see a huge man towering above her. She spun around and aimed a punch at his head, but he caught that hand too and held them in front of her as he clapped a pair of handcuffs on her wrists. \"You're not supposed to be in here, Missy.\" I familiar voice said, and Butch Cavendish slid out of the shadows. Tilly was pushed back into one of the plush armchairs, while the huge man guarded the door and Frank watched as Cavendish put his hand on the back of the armchair beside Tilly's head. \"Now…What you got that has all the boys so hot under the collar, hm?\" He asked, before leaning forward and hovering his face beside her neck. \"Mm.\" He sighed, breathing in her. \"Maybe I'll have a little taste and find out.\" He whispered in her ear, causing her skin to prickle. He slowly undid the neck tie from around her neck, pulling it away slowly before breathing in it's scent. \"Mm. That rose?\" He asked, referring to the perfume. \"Boss.\" The big man said from the door. \"Cole wants you. And he wants you to bring the girl.\" Butch sighed and shut his eyes in annoyance before grabbing Tilly by the arm. He pulled her to her feet, before smiling maliciously as he tied the neck tie back around her face. \"I'm guessing Cole doesn't know who you really are.\" He grinned. He pulled her out of the room, down the carriage's corridor and into the next, then the next until they came through the door into the dining car where John was holding Cole at gunpoint. \"Tilly.\" John said in alarm as Butch grabbed ahold of Tilly's hair and pulled her head back, pushing the barrel of his pistol into her chin. \"Never knew you were pursuing an outlaw, did ya Cole.\" Cavendish said to a confused Cole, as he pulled away the neck tie, exposing Tilly's identity. \"Outlaw scum.\" Cole spat, annoyed that Tilly had made a fool of him. \"Put the gun down, boy.\" Butch said to John. \"Or say bye bye to Miss oh-so-young-and-pretty.\" He added before pressing his nose into her neck, inhaling her scent once again. Tilly watched as John clenched his teeth in anger, but gave in and lowered his gun. At that point, the door at the other end of the car opened and the Captain of the Cavalry, Captain Fuller waltzed in, carrying an apple, which he subsequently dropped in surprise. In the brief distraction, Tilly threw her head back, cracking it against Cavendish's face, making him drop his gun. She kicked it to John, who picked it up and aimed one at Butch and the other at Cole, while Tilly stayed well clear, her hands still tied. \"Captain, arrest these men.\" John said to Fuller. \"Captain.\" Cole said calmly to him. \"They started this war!\" John said over the top of him. \"You represent the United States Government, you don't work for this man.\" Tilly added. \"But if that's true, then I just attacked the Comanche for no reason.\" Fuller said, trying to process the information. \"That's right Captain. Slaughter of the innocent. Are you capable of that?\" Cole asked him as Fuller swallowed nervously. 'Blackmail' Tilly thought. \"Well, the way I see it, these men are with the railroad. So the question is, what are you doing here?\" Fuller asked turning to John and I. \"Men!\" He yelled loudly, and eight soldiers, all with bayonets pushed into the dining car, aiming their barrels at Tilly and John. Reluctantly, John dropped both pistols as the soldiers bound his hands together in front of him.[Chapter 7] It wasn't long before the train pulled to a halt at the mine Tilly and John had left only two days ago. They were sitting against the wall of an empty carriage with their hands and feet bound together. A squad of soldiers soon marched through the door and hauled the pair to their feet and pushed them off the train. Once they were on solid ground, they were surrounded by more soldiers, all standing in formation as a drum beat steadily. The pair were marched away from the train and over to the back set of train tracks. Tilly knew they were about to face a firing squad, but this time, she was out of escape plans. As she racked her brains trying to think of something, the group passed a line of Chinamen, one of which was holding a bird cage with a crow in it to test for gas, but the bird was completely still. She looked at John, who'd seen it too, but neither of them knew what it meant. They stopped before lone standing cart set on the train tracks. John was pushed up first onto it, then Tilly who was trying not to let her fear show. \"Detail, halt!\" Fuller ordered and the soldiers turned to face the pair. A white blindfold was put over Tilly's eyes, which only made her panic more and her breathing quickened. Beside her, John was blindfolded too and had his hat placed on his head. The drums continued beating rhythmically. Back in the mine one Chinaman remained after having all been cleared out. The soldiers yelled at him to leave, but he kept walking towards them until he stopped and held up a cage with a dead crow in it. \"What the hell?\" One of the soldiers wondered, until the train driver poked him head out the window and recognised the sign. \"Gas.\" He breathed. \"That's gas!\" He yelled and put the train into reverse, backing straight out to the mine towards the firing squad. \"Port Arms!\" Tilly heard Fuller order. \"Load!\" He commanded and she heard the sound of bullets being loaded and then the click of the safety latch being released. The drums beat faster as Fuller yelled out \"Ready!\" \"Aim!\" He ordered. Tilly tensed beside John and he felt her unsteadiness, so he reached across and grasped her hand. \"Fire!\" Fuller yelled, and Tilly flinched away as the sound of pistol shots echoed through the valley. However, there was another sound. The sound of bullets hitting metal, and no pain to Tilly nor John. \"Tilly?\" John said warily. \"What happened?\" She replied, looking around even though the blindfold prevented her from seeing anything. The sound of a loon calling met their ears, and as the calls continued the valley fell silent. The calls stopped and all was quiet for a while until the sound arrows whistling through the air reached them. Then suddenly, all hell broke loose as men started falling to the ground having been shot with arrows. Comanche arrows. From up on the mountain top. They came in their hundreds, ready to seek revenge on those who had wrongfully accused them and slaughtered their innocent kin. Out of the tunnel came Tonto, his dead bird out of it's cage and back on his head, and racing along the track on a push cart as arrows continued to fly. Back on the tiny cart, John pulled Tilly in front of him to protect her from the arrows. \"Hold on, Kemosabe!\" A voice came from behind them and something heavy ran into the back of their cart, almost knocking the pair over. \"Tonto?\" John called in surprise. \"What's going on?\" Tilly asked. \"Nothing.\" He replied. \"No reason for concern.\" Tonto continued, pushing them along the track and into the tunnel. As the sounds of screaming, whooping and guns firing faded, the sound of something much larger met Tilly's ears. It sounded like...a train. \"Tonto?\" She called back to him warily, not really wanting to know the answer. \"What is that?\" Tonto looked over his shoulder and saw the huge steam engine baring down on them. \"Must jump!\" He yelled. \"Which way?\" Tilly asked. \"Yes!\" Was his reply, so Tilly did what came naturally, and leapt left, off the cart and went tumbling down what felt like a steep tunnel. She rolled to a stop at the bottom of the descent and was then landed on by John. \"What in the world?\" She managed as Tonto pulled down the blindfold. He swiftly undid John's hands, who then did Tilly's. Just as they thought they had a chance to breathe, a barrel of Kerosene landed beside them. As one, they leapt up and sprinted down the tunnel, as Butch Cavendish chucked a stick of dynamite down, behind the kerosine. In the distance, Tilly heard the explosion and an orange glow strengthened behind them. She felt the heat on her back and heard the roar of flames, and then suddenly felt weightless, as if she was falling. Was she dead? Is this what it felt like to die? But then she heard Tonto and John screaming, and she looked down to see herself plummeting towards an underground lake below, as the explosion hit the opposite wall. She hit the water with such force, she sank at least ten meters. As the water built up around her. She looked around under water and saw a rocky archway, in the direction the water was flowing. Tonto caught her attention and gestured for them to follow him. Under the archway and then up and up and up, until finally, they broke through the surface of the water, gasping for air. They'd emerged on the other side of the mountain, where the sound of gunfire could no longer be heard. Tilly swam to the steep shoreline and sloshed out of the water, collapsing onto her hands and knees as she coughed up lungfuls of water. When she finally caught her breath she sat back and drank in big lungfuls of wair. \"You were right.\" John said, defeatedly to Tonto, who was holding his bird in his hands. \"There is no justice. Cole controls everything. The railroad, the Cavalry, everything...If men like him represent the law, I'd rather be an outlaw.\" \"That is why you wear the mask.\" Tonto said knowingly and held up the leather mask for John to take. As the group fell silent a soft neigh from a horse was heard and the trio looked over to a nearby tree where the Spirit Horse stood on one of it's branches, wearing John's hat and eating the tree's leaves. \"Something very wrong with that horse.\" Tonto said and both Tilly and John nodded slowly.[Chapter 8] As the sun rose over the mountain, the group got ready to face Cole and Cavendish once more. It was now or never and they had a good plan. Well, they had more of a plan of a plan. But it was a plan none the less. \"Ready to ride into battle, Mr Reid?\" Tilly asked from behind John. \"Yes, ma'am.\" John replied, turning away from his horse to face her. Tilly saw that he still had some blood on his face from the night before, so she pulled off her necktie and walked over to him. \"We can't have you looking all scruffy now, can we? Come here.\" She said, and wiped the blood from his face. John reached out to hold her, but hesitated slightly. Tilly noticed this and brushed her waist against his hand, and he had no fear about holding her anymore. Tilly let her hand fall away and looked up at his handsome face. \"It's good to see you.\" She said distantly. \"It's been a long time... You've become a right old city boy.\" She chuckled, wiping the last bit of blood off with her thumb. \"Why would you ever want to come back here?\" \"It's my home.\" He replied. \"Well, home is changing. Who knows, it'll probably be gone soon, with the railroad.\" Tilly replied. \"No, my home will always be where you are.\" John said and out of the corned of his eye, saw Tonto watching them from over the top of the saddle. Tonto, aware that he'd been sprung, nodded encouragingly. Tilly saw John looking past her and she turned around just in time to see Tonto disappear behind the saddle. She turned back to John with a grin on her face. She pulled the leather mask out of John's pocket and reached up to tie it around his head. He didn't take his eyes off her face as she gently tied a knot with her rough hands. \"There. Now you're home.\" She said, and pressed her palm against his face, letting a soft kiss linger on his lips. Crowds cheered as the decorated marching band played a heroic fanfare and the workers of the railroad celebrated aboard the two steam trains that faced each other on the newly completed track. Tilly watched from the back of the crowd as Cole accepted a gift from the chairman of the railroad, turning his nose up when he was called an 'employee.' Cole may have thought he'd won, but they had a plan. It was a good plan. While Tilly was watching, John and Tonto were in a nearby town called Coolenga. \"You sure about this?\" John asked the Indian as he readjusted his mask. \"Mmm. Dead man strike fear into heart of his enemy.\" Tonto replied. \"All right. Let's do this.\" John said and together, the pair rode their horses into the town, firing their pistols as they went. They leapt from their horses and burst through the doors of the bank. \"Ladies and gentlemen, my colleague and I will be making a withdrawal. I understand this bank is insured, so...\" John started, but after one disapproving look from Tonto, changed his tack. \"This is a damn bank robbery!\" He yelled, and the crowd spread to the sides of the room in shrieks as the strange pair barged through to the bar. John pointed his pistol at the bank manager, who threw his hands up in the air. \"Open the vault.\" He ordered and the manger swiftly turned to Latham Cole's private vault and spun the dial, pulling back the heavy metal door to reveal crates upon crates of dynamite. The pair then swiftly made their way to the towering bridge that stood above the river below, signifying the Comanche border. To each post, John and Tonto strapped a sprig of dynamite, working along the river until the entire bottom of the bridge was covered. Tonto lit a match and handed it to John, who lit the fuse before sprinting after Tonto, out of the water at top speed, and diving behind a sand dune as the bridge exploded in a ball of fire behind them. Back in Colby, the gathered crowd gasped as there was the sound of a muffled explosion and a small mushroom cloud plumed into the sky. \"What was that?\" A man wondered beside Tilly. \"Probably just tunneling for supply routes.\" She said to him, but it most definitely was not. That was the signal for their plan to be put into action. As Cole lead the other business men into the ranger's office, Fuller checked his men, who were standing along the train. Now all she had to do was distract the soldiers long enough for John and Tonto to get back from the bridge. At first, she had no idea how she was going to distract every single soldier, but then she'd remembered that she wasn't alone and on cue, the sound of a wolf whistle met her ears and she looked in the direction of the sound. Red and her large band of girls were walking through the crowd, peeling off to distract the soldiers. Red walked right up to Fuller and placed her foot on a crate. \"May I be of some assistance to you, madam?\" He asked her. \"Seems I have a run in my stocking.\" She replied and pulled back her skirt slightly to reveal her ivory leg. \"Ivory.\" He breathed, bending down to look at it. Tilly watched as he inspected the craftsmanship. She waited anxiously for any sign of John and Tonto's return. Her worry was pointless however, as she caught sight of Tonto slipping into the engine of one of the trains, completely unseen by Fuller, who was running his hand up Red's leg. Beside the paddock holding the Cavalry's horses, Red's bodyguard parked a covered cart of dynamite beside the gate. Tilly began making her way through the crowd as Tonto took the engine's power lever and pushed it away from him. The train jolted forwards, before stopping. Backwards. Tonto needed backwards. So he pulled back on the lever and the train creaked and groaned before slowing moving away from the town. \"Stop that train!\" A voice came from the Ranger's office and Cole came running down the steps. \"Get the horses!\" One of the soldiers yelled. 'Now Red!' Tilly thought, and right on time, Red flicked up the small trigger in her leg and the heel of her boot swung open to reveal a pistol. She fired straight at the dynamite and the explosion sent the Cavalry flying backwards as horses escaped from their obliterated pen. One of the soldiers ran to a machine gun and began shooting at Tonto in the cabin, who ducked out of the way, yet still somehow continued blowing the whistle of the huge Steam Engine. From the roof of the Ranger's office came a whistle and the crowd looked up to see a masked man on a rearing, white horse. John lassoed the machine gun and pointed it towards the Ranger's office, peppering the windows with bullets. \"Go!\" Tilly heard a voice yell, and she looked over at the other train, which had Butch and Cole inside, giving chase to Tonto. As the flood of horses ran through the crowd, Tilly caught one by the mane and swung herself onto it's back, giving chase to the train as John leapt his horse from roof to roof, and then somehow, onto the last carriage of Cole's train.[Chapter 9] Tilly urged the horse faster as she clutched to it's horses mane, not having saddle to keep her steady. She raced past the first train with Cole and Cavendish on board before catching up to Tonto's train, still chugging along backwards. She kept her balance as she climbed to her feet on the horses back and timed her jump, so she landed in between two of the carriages. The train jolted to the side as it switched tracks, meaning Cole's could now catch up, and soon the engine was puffing along side her. As the engine passed and carriages followed it, the sound of a gun shot to her right made Tilly duck. She looked to the carriage beside her as the door was wrenched open and Fuller appeared with a gun aimed at her. She turned, grabbing her pistol and leapt through the door of the carriage to her other side, slamming it shut behind her, ready for when the Captain came through. \"Get down.\" She said to the confused passengers, who just looked around curiously at first, but as soon as the door flew open and Tilly fired a shot, they all dropped to the floor. She ducked behind a row of seats as Fuller fired at her. She appeared around the side and fired back, forcing him backwards. But then her pistol made a clicking sound and no more bullets flew. \"Seems we're all out of bullets.\" Fuller said maniacally as he aimed both his pistols straight at her and fired, but his guns clicked as well. It was now a race for who could reload their pistols faster, but that didn't seem to be at the front of Fuller's mind, because he pushed past Tilly and flung open the door at the rear of the carriage. He bent down and uncoupled the long line of silver cars, setting them loose before rounding back on Tilly and firing at her again. However, he didn't get the chance to fire a second shot because a large, metal shovel dropped down from the roof of the train and clobbered him on the back of the head. He blinked once before falling forwards on to the floor, unconscious. There was a slight pause before Tonto dropped down behind him. \"Tonto!\" Tilly cried in amazement. \"Who's driving the train?\" She asked, and Tonto opened his mouth to answer, but hastily shut it again before swiftly rushing past her, back towards the engine. She glanced out the window and saw Cole's train disappearing down into a valley. She didn't want to lose the train, so she grabbed the edge of the roof with both hands and swung herself up, onto the roof. She was hoping to jump across, but the gap was too far. The train was disappearing quickly, so she pulled out her whip and latched it onto a tree branch as the train shut past and the momentum of being tugged off the roof, catapulted her across the gap to the other train. She landed on her feet but only for a millisecond before she tumbled towards the edge of the carriage. Tilly disappeared over the edge, managing to hold on with her forearms to the slight dent in the top of the carriage. She hauled herself back onto the roof as the sound of horses hooves stopped beside her. \"Need a lift?\" John asked down to her, holding out his hand. She took it and he pulled her onto the back of his horse before racing off again to the front of the train. For a split second she thought about asking how his horse was still on the train, but an approaching tunnel wiped the thought from her mind. \"John.\" Tilly warned him as he didn't slow down for it. \"John?\" She called, thinking perhaps he hadn't seen it. \"John!\" She yelled and held onto him tightly as the tunnel reached them, but John spurred his horse faster until the last second when they dropped down onto an empty flat bed. Tilly slid off the back of the horse, landing on her feet as John continued through the next empty carriage. She turned around to face the carriage behind her, which was full of people crying out to her for help. Tilly unhooked the carriages, and watched as the began to slow, with the loss of the engine, before they disappeared on a corner. As the two tracks neared each other again, Tilly saw Cole, who'd somehow managed to get aboard the other train, hurtling along the line in just the engine. She grabbed her two pistols and made sure they were fully loaded before making a well timed leap onto the back of the bunker, narrowly avoiding a tree. Out of the corner of her eye, she saw a single carriage grind past her on the opposite track with Butch and John inside. The carriage came to a sharp bend and, with it's speed, swung around violently so it was skating along the track sideways. While all this was going on, behind her, Tilly could hear the sound of carriages approaching and reluctantly looked over her shoulder to see the carriages of silver hurtling straight towards her with Tonto on top. As Tilly braced for impact, the train jolted sideways as the two tracks joined. Tilly again looked over her shoulder and saw an accident about to happen. John's sideways carriage had made it's way onto the track before the silver, and was about to be crushed by the heavy metal bearing down on it. Tilly climbed up onto, the bunker and pulled out her whip as Butch aimed his pistol at John, who was fully aware about the collision that was about to happen. \"John!\" Tilly yelled, and the pair in the carriage looked up as she threw her whip down to him. It seemed to move in slow motion as it spun through the air, finally reaching John's hand. He caught it easily, and in one swift movement, looped it around a tree branch, and was yanked out of the carriage. As Cavendish turned to see where he'd gone, he came face to face with four carriages of silver. The sound of splintering wood cracked through the air as both the carriage and Butch were obliterated. John swung from the whip and timed his drop, so he landed in the saddle of his horse, who had somehow made it's way to the ground. The two trains were now significantly shorter than they had been when they'd first set of from Colby. Cole's engine was puffing along at full speed with Tilly atop the bunker, behind them were the four carriages of silver, with Tonto still perched on top. Then came the second engine, which was still steaming backwards. And they were all heading towards the bridge. A bullet suddenly flew past Tilly's head and she whirled around to see Cole shooting at her from the cabin of the engine. She fired back, but he had cover, where atop the bunker full of coal, there was nowhere to hide. She dropped down onto her stomach and covered her head as she continued the firefight. Soon, the rain of bullets stopped and Tilly looked up warily and saw Cole pulling the brakes on the engine. This was her chance to end it. She had one bullet left and it had to count. So, she aimed the pistol slowly and held her finger on the trigger. As she pulled the trigger, the carriages of silver hit the engine's coupling, with such force than Tilly fell onto her back as she pulled the trigger. The bullet flew past Cole by only millimeters and clanged off the metal cabin. Now she was out in the open, with no bullets and hurtling towards a non-existent bridge. It came to her in a flash. She knew exactly what to do. Down beside, her John was racing along on his horse and as if the thought had come to them at the same time, he looked up and held out his hand. She took a leap of faith and jumped. John caught her around her waist and she landed awkwardly, half in his lap and half off the side of his horse. \"We need to go to the back.\" She said to him, pulling herself up. \"Yes, ma'am.\" He replied. He pulled back on the reins, letting the silver carriages pass them, before pulling up beside the still backwards travelling engine. John held her steady as she stood up and grabbed onto the railing, pulling herself into the engine. \"Tonto! The silver!\" She yelled at the Indian, who was trying to dodge Cole's bullets. As John urged his horse to continue it's long run, he saw that Tonto had no chance of uncoupling the silver with Cole baring down on him atop the first carriage. John loaded his gun with his last bullet at took a deep breath. \"I'm a Spirit Walker. I can't miss.\" He said to himself and aimed at Cole's hand. He fired quickly, hit his target dead on and the gun was knocked from his hand. \"Yes.\" He breathed, but his elation soon disappeared when he looked ahead to see the bridge fast approaching. He was running out of time to get clear of the ravine. So, just as Tilly had done, he stood up in his saddle and made a leap for the engine, but as his foot left the saddle, it slipped and without enough power behind his jump, he knew he wouldn't make it. As his hand just missed the side of the train, his arm was caught by a strong hand and he looked up to see Tilly, straining from keeping him from falling. She pulled hard and he clambered up into the engine. \"Thanks.\" He gasped. \"My pleasure.\" She replied, equally overcome at the close call. Tonto leapt off the back of the silver carriages and onto the coupling that connected them to John and Tilly's engine. He pulled out the bolt and Tilly pulled the train's brakes, the wheels squealing as they tried to find grip. Behind them, Cole sat confusedly on top of the silver carriages. They were letting him get away with the silver. Why? He soon found out. As the trio watched from their engine, the first carriage of silver fell off the edge of the bridge and down into the ravine bellow, followed by the second, third and then the fourth, taking Latham Cole with it. As their train came to a stop before the end of the bridge, the trio looked over the edge to water far below and watched as the carriages sank out of view. It was over.[Chapter 10] As the band played again at Promontory Point, a cheering crowd clapped as John stood a little awkwardly at the side of the stage, next to all the businessmen, whom, only an hour before, had been congratulating Latham Cole. Tilly sat on her horse off to the side of the crowd. She had not been invited up to be thanked because she was a woman and a disrespected one at that. \"Ladies and gentlemen...\" a large man with an even larger moustache boomed, getting up in front of the crowd. \"...as Chairman of the Transcontinental Railroad, I'd like to express our gratitude to this masked man, this...Lone Ranger.\" He considered and the crowd cheered as he gestured for John to come up onto the stage. John stepped forward, a little embarrassed at all the fanfare as the chairman handed a box to him. \"A small token of our thanks.\" He said and the crowd clapped. \"There'll be more where that came from.\" He added, nodding over at Tilly who was watching on, happy that John was getting what he deserved, but with a raised eyebrow. She hadn't missed the chairman's last remark. \"Time to take off the masked, son.\" The chairman said to John, who looked down at the box, which had an intricately engraved pocket watch inside. He looked back at the businessman before glancing over at Tilly. She didn't nod, or shake her head. She was letting him make his own decision about what to do. John looked back at the watch before taking it out and shutting the box. \"Thank you, sir.\" He said and tossed the watch to Tilly who didn't catch it quite as deftly as she usually would've. She was obviously surprised at his bold move. \"But not yet.\" John added to the chairman, handing the box back to the man. The chairman looked as if he were about to protest, but John had already left the stage and climbed onto his horse. The crowd parted as he walked over to Tilly. \"Train's headed west. There's nothing holding you here anymore.\" He said. \"There is.\" She replied. \"What's that?...Someone, perhaps?\" He asked, playfully. \"Oh, he's no one really. Kinda tall, kinda handsome, a city boy. A bit thick sometimes though.\" She replied with a shrug. \"Thick?\" He asked in mock hurt. \"What do you mean thick?\" \"As in he hasn't asked a question, which I would more than happily answer.\" Tilly replied, kicking her horse into a walk as the crowd parted. \"Wait. What question?\" He called after her and she rolled her eyes. He'd cotton on soon. Together, they rode out of town and met Tonto on the border. \"I thought I'd call him Silver.\" John said nodding down at his horse. \"It is a good name, Kemosabe.\" Tonto replied. \"Yeah, Kemosabe. I was thinking. If we're gonna be outlaws, then I'm gonna need a better name.\" He said. \"How about, \"The Mask of Justice\"?\" \"No.\" Tilly replied, adamantly. \"What about \"The Lone Rider of...\"?\" He tried again. \"No.\" Tonto disagreed. \"Fine.\" John said defeatedly before asking Tonto. \"Is there a question I was going to ask Tilly but forgot?\" Tonto turned around and looked at her before looking back at John. \"Stupid white man.\" He said shaking his head. \"Don't worry. You'll get there eventually.\" Tilly said to John, who smiled at her fondly before leaning over in his saddle to kiss her. \"Where to now?\" He asked. \"Wherever we want.\" She replied as the trio looked out across the long, barren plane. \"Well, wherever we're going. We won't get there at this pace.\" John said and reared his horse. \"Hi-yo Silver! Away!\" He shouted dramatically, and Tilly shared an alarmed look with Tonto. \"What?\" John asked looking at them. \"Don't ever do that again.\" Tonto said. Tilly grinned at the man she loved as the proud look on his face disappeared. \"Sorry.\" He apologised. \"Ha.\" Tilly spurred her horse and together, the trio galloped across the plane towards the sunset and their next adventure.[Chapter 11] New York, 1997. Christmas. \"Then what happened?\" The little girl asked her grandmother as she finished the story. \"What was the question John was meant to ask? Did they have any more adventures?\" \"My dear, they had many, many more adventures.\" Her grandmother replied. \"And John finally asked the question. He married Tilly and had a little girl and a little boy.\" \"And did they have adventures too?\" The little girl asked. \"They most certainly did.\" She replied as the door to the living room opened and the girl's parents came in to take her to bed. \"Is the story really true, Granny?\" The little girl asked. \"That's up to you to decide.\" Her grandmother replied, pulling out the pocket watch John had given Tilly. \"Woah.\" The little girl breathed. \"Come on darling, it's time for bed.\" Her mother said. \"Good night, Granny.\" The girl said to her grandmother. \"Good night…Tilly.\" She replied and watched as the latest in the long line of Reid's was lead out of the living room and up to bed. From the small wooden table beside her, the old woman pulled out a photo and held it up to the light. The brown photo showed three people on horses, standing on a ridge, overlooking the town of Colby. Tilly and John grinned out, while Tonto calmly surveyed the scene. Yes, the story was very true indeed. A/N: So, that's it guys! Thank you all for sticking with me and my unreliability. Thanks to everyone who favourited and followed, and took the time to post reviews. You all mean the world to me! Thank you again and my very best wishes to each of you. Love, Amy xoxo ","Summary":" New York, 1997. Christmas Eve. The fire crackled as an old woman rocked back and forth in her chair"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Chronicle 2 - Persecution","Author":"Papierblanc","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11300950","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Désert des Mojaves, Arizona Juin 2012 1 semaine apres Seattle Fond d'écran noir. Grognements partiellement inaudibles. '' — ...Comment ce putain de truc fonctionne...? Bruits confus en arrière-plan. Choc. — Merde! Frottements. — Allez! Saleté de... L'image se focalise enfin et le sol désertique émerge brutalement à l'écran. Dévorant avec cupidité chaque centimètre disponible comme s'il cherchait à s'en abreuver, à assouvir une soif dévorante qui ne serait jamais complètement étanchée. Tragédie perpétuelle pour cet éternel insatisfait. L'aridité des plaines semble ainsi s'étaler à l'infini, l'alpha et l'oméga réunis dans une étreinte presque fusionnelle. Suspendu, le temps retient son souffle dans cet air torride et poisseux qui adhère désagréablement au corps comme une seconde peau. Le soleil, astre éphémère à l'horizon sous le couvert de la nuit tombante, projette malgré tout une pluie de feu ardent consumant tout indice de vie envisageable. Embrasant le ciel de ce vaste paysage lunaire comme s'il avait tout hydrophilisé sur son passage ne laissant pour héritage que cette terre décharnée. Déshydratée, asséchée, fissurée. Comme son coeur. Rien ne bouge. Un raclement de gorge se fait entendre et Matt émerge lentement à la droite de l'écran. Il n'a pas beaucoup changé depuis la dernière fois. Il tousse, se racle à nouveau la gorge. Rauque et teintée d'hésitation, sa voix peine à filtrer la barrière de ses lèvres serrées. — ... hu-hum, sa-salut...hum...Andrew...je...j-je voulais te dire q-que...que...que... Les mots se refusent à être prononcés. Ils acceptent docilement le châtiment et restent emmurés dans leur prison dorée. Il ne peut pas. Il n'y arrive pas. Matt baisse les yeux et passe maladroitement la main dans ses cheveux. Pendant cinq longues minutes, la course du soleil se fige littéralement. Il n'y a même pas une brise de vent pour insuffler vie à quoi que ce soit. La mort rôde et hante ces terres mille fois foulées de la noirceur de son âme. Quand Matt relève enfin les yeux, c'est un aperçu de cet abysse que l'on peut y déceler, prémisse de la tempête intérieure qui fait rage. — C'est...trop...dur...!... parvient à articuler Matt entre ses dents serrées.'' Le parfum insidieux de la démence s'amalgame au goût âcre et tendancieux de l'amertume. Le silence s'installe. Accablant, redoutable, oppressant. L'écran redevient noir. Texas Juin 2012 2 semaines apres Seattle L'entrée du paradis ne pourrait être plus magnifique. Aérienne, l'Olympe sur son coussin blanc de sable chaud flotte au milieu de nulle part. Seule, isolée de tout. Paisible. Les marches de bois sculptées à même la pierre me transportent dans un autre monde, une autre vie. Gravée dans l'éternité, comme ton souvenir en moi. Le ciel coule tel de l'azur liquide entre mes doigts. Je peux sentir dans sa caresse sa chaleur tiède, sa douceur. J'ouvre les bras et m'envole tel un Quetzal mythique, au-delà du temps et des réminiscences du passé. Baigné dans la grâce temporaire de l'oubli bienfaisant, je déploie mes ailes et je me libère de mes contraintes. L'effet est cependant, comme chaque trêve accordée par ce démon peu clément, de courte durée. Fugace, passager. À peine l'ai-je effleuré de mes doigts qu'il s'est déjà dissous. Je chute. Je m'écrase brutalement. Le poids de l'immensité sur mes épaules m'écrase et me tourmente. Y aura-t-il jamais un jour sans? Matt s'avance vers le lac et s'enfonce au plus profond de celui-ci comme si l'eau pouvait l'absorber, l'engloutir tout entier ou dans le meilleur des cas le briser contre un rocher. Analogue à la mer dans son coeur agité, nouvelle pensionnaire qui le réclame constamment. Le noie. L'asphyxie. Elle ne lui laisse aucun moment de répit. Quand elle se retire, ce n'est que pour mieux refluer. Assis au bord du rivage, il laisse ses doigts courir paresseusement à la surface de l'eau troublée. Il répète ce geste encore et encore. Jusqu'à une certaine forme d'apaisement. La bête veille cependant au grain, jamais totalement assoupie. Son instinct de prédateur sauvage constamment aux aguets, elle le traque, le nargue. Elle affectionne la félonie et le prend quand cela lui plaît. Joue de lui à sa guise. Il l'entend ronronner, tout près. Insatiable fauve à la volonté inébranlable. Matt suspend soudainement son geste. Il suffoque. Ses épaules sont secouées d'un premier sanglot douloureusement échappé. Le barrage cède et se rompt temporairement. Le flot qu'il n'arrive plus à endiguer se répand, s'enfle au bord de la rupture. Trop-plein d'émotions qu'il ne peut plus contenir. Les larmes glissent, roulent, s'évadent. Aussitôt perlées au bord de la paupière qu'elles sont remplacées par d'autres. Et d'autres. Jusqu'au torrent inépuisable qui le laisse chaque fois faible et sans énergie. Creux et vide de l'intérieur. Aride comme le désert un jour d'été... Jasper, Canada Juillet 2012 Le profil de Matt, négligemment allongé dans l'herbe, est capté par l'écran. Devant lui, les imposantes montagnes s'esquissent à grands traits harmonieux. Immuables comme si elles avaient toujours existé. Témoins privilégiés de tous les événements. Guerrières impartiales et protectrices. Elles ont affronté la colère des Dieux, subies avec mansuétude le sceau capricieux des humains, les catastrophes naturelles, l'assaut des éléments...Et malgré tout elles demeurent et se dressent fièrement. Matt se met à rêver qu'il s'affranchit de la cage de son esprit châtié. Que son corps se délaye en infimes particules qui viennent se confondre aux peintures de ce tableau intemporel. Figé dans cette brèche illusoire de l'espace-temps qui ne se plie à aucune loi, il s'élèverait, fort et émancipé de ses chaînes pour enfin reprendre les armes. Les heures défilent ainsi, se succédant sans pouvoir être comptées. Le passage du temps n'a aucune prise ici. Pas de présent ni de futur. Avant n'étant plus une préposition invariable mais un adjectif elliptique tout simplement. Plus de jadis ni d'autrefois. Hier n'a jamais été. Comme si rien ne s'était passé.[Chapter 2] Arendal, Norvège Juillet 2012 Le lac gelé s'étend à perte de vue. Il n'y a pas âme qui vive. Le silence est absolu. Si près de l'entier qu'il pourrait presque exister. Seul le bruit du vent interfère avec les paramètres sonores de la caméra. Pays considéré comme le plus septentrional de l'Europe, il est caractérisé par son soleil de minuit qui ne dort jamais durant cette période de l'année. Le panorama est époustouflant. Pur, inaccessible. Intact. À peine effleuré par la main de l'homme par un minuscule village portuaire bâti à flanc de montagne non loin de la berge. Le ciel est si limpide que le rosé diaphane du soleil se déploie jusqu'aux confins de l'horizon en se reflétant dans le lac translucide qui à son tour fait miroiter d'incrustations d'incarnat ambré l'espace environnant. Le profond sentiment de baigner et d'être chaleureusement enveloppé de cette teinte chaude et onctueuse incite à la sérénité. La paix est à portée de main, il suffirait de tendre les bras pour en ramasser d'infimes fragments à conserver aussi précieusement que de petits diamants au fond de sa poche. Des crissements de pas dans la neige se font entendre. La caméra fait un tour complet avant de s'arrêter. On peut discerner Matt qui contemple avec concentration ce décor évanescent. Il a maigri...je crois. On ne saurait le dire nettement sous les couches de manteaux. C'est plutôt quelque chose d'indéfinissable sur ses traits...Il respire avec difficulté à cette altitude et son souffle génère de petits nuages arachnéens qui tissent une toile mobile dans cette atmosphère cristallisée. Le froid sibérien est saisissant. Un tiraillement le long de son bras le pousse à baisser les yeux. Son regard rencontre le pansement qui entoure son annulaire depuis Seattle. Comme chaque fois, sa mémoire lui évoque cruellement le désastre de la Space Needle. L'incident Seattle comme l'ont intitulé les reporters, journaux et émissions grotesques qui en ont découlé. L'événement qui a brisé sa vie, qui a occasionné sa fuite au bout du monde. La foule hystérique agglutinée autour d'eux, les vitres qui volaient en éclats, la police les cernant de partout, le vacarme assourdissant des armes crachant leur feu, comment il avait été blessé en essayant de se mettre entre eux et ce pour quoi tout avait dégénéré. Et le moment où il a...Non, il ne veut pas de ses visions cauchemardesque. Il n'en veut pas. Perdu dans ses chimères, Matt reste immobile durant de longues heures, insensible à ce qui l'entoure. En retournant vers le village pour s'approvisionner en nourriture, il aperçoit une barque qui s'est aventurée sur la portion du lac qui longe l'artère d'embarquement principal. Deux hommes y sont installés, leur matériel soigneusement rangé à leurs pieds. Des volutes de fumée entremêlées de leur respiration et du café brûlant s'enroulent en une longue et interminable spirale torsadée. Tout à coup, le canot chavire sans préavis sur le côté et les occupants plongent instantanément dans l'eau polaire. Matt ne réfléchit pas et réagit au quart de tour. Son corps bouge avant même que son esprit n'ait ébauché la moindre pensée. Matt converge rapidement vers l'embarcation et se défait avec une urgence pressante de ses divers lainages. Il plonge dans le bassin et ressent dans un pincement atrocement aigu le choc foudroyant de l'eau frigorifiée. Elle mord avec rage et violence chacun de ses membres. Aucune pensée cohérente ne peut survivre à une telle température. L'instinct prime et commande, lui dictant de mouvoir ses jambes raidies. Le sang qui ne circule plus rend les mouvements difficiles, mais il repère la première personne inconsciente à sa droite. L'adrénaline lui injecte un coup de fouet et il bat impérieusement des pieds et des mains l'eau glacée en se dirigeant vers lui. L'autre homme est à quelques centimètres plus loin et il le harponne au passage. Ils les ramènent ainsi sains et saufs sur la berge. Le temps que les hommes reprennent leurs esprits, Matt a disparu. Fjallbacka, Suède Aout 2012 Le soleil est réconfortant après les températures nordiques des dernières contrées visitées. À la suite du sauvetage improvisé en Norvège, il a erré longtemps dans le froid, complètement trempé sous ses fourrures humides, avant de réussir à trouver un endroit où loger pour la nuit. Plus des trois quarts des habitations étaient closes pour la saison qui touchait à sa fin. Il ne souhaitait pas non plus être repéré par les rescapés qu'il avait secourus plus tôt. Il a finalement dormi sur une paillasse de fortune à même le sol dans un garage abandonné dont la porte n'était pas verrouillée. Il a pu faire sécher ses vêtements sur un immense établi appuyé sur le mur du fond de l'atelier. Il a davantage somnolé à vrai dire, le froid toujours infiltré sournoisement en lui. Le lendemain, engourdi et légèrement enrhumé, il a renfilé maladroitement ses habits. En inspectant les alentours, il a réussi à dénicher de quoi refaire temporairement son bandage. Il a nettoyé toute trace présente de son passage avant de repartir vers l'est. Il a ensuite survolé quelques kilomètres en consultant sa carte et décidé de continuer jusqu'à atteindre la Suède. Épuisé et étrangement amorphe, il a posé pied aux abords de ce village vieillot et s'est retrouvé devant une petite auberge désuète. Il a tergiversé un instant devant la porte, le reflet du vitrage encrassé lui renvoyant en plein visage son apparence immonde et plus que dépenaillée. Une quinte de toux a rompu le fil de ses pensées et le désir d'un vrai lit bien douillet l'emporta sur son orgueil. Au point où il en était, il pouvait bien cracher sur cette stupide vanité! L'homme derrière le comptoir a écarquillé les yeux à son arrivée, mais n'a pas posé de questions. D'un geste vif, il lui tend maintenant le formulaire à remplir pour la location d'une chambre. Intimidé, Matt prend le crayon qu'il lui tend et commence à remplir les papiers. Sa main tremble cependant, il peine à se concentrer et une nouvelle quinte de toux le secoue. Le regard d'abord méprisant du propriétaire s'adoucit. Il reprend le questionnaire en soupirant ouvertement et d'un mouvement sec et autoritaire de la main l'exhorte à le suivre. Exténué et n'aspirant qu'à se laisser sombrer dans un sommeil qui le gagne d'autant plus, Matt obéit et trottine comme il peut à sa suite. En grimpant les marches, l'hôtelier lui expose les détails de location et les horaires de repas, Matt sort alors de sa poche l'argent nécessaire pour le paiement d'une semaine complète. Il lui demande ensuite de laisser la nourriture sur le seuil, il s'arrangera. Il ne veut pas de charité ni être redevable à personne. L'homme reste un moment inactif en le regardant curieusement, puis il prend ses honoraires et acquiesce avant de redescendre l'escalier. Dans sa chambre, Matt accroche son manteau et enlève ses chaussettes devenues rigides en séchant. Après une douche bien chaude, il se drape dans une couverture et s'assoit près du feu déjà allumé dans le foyer. Ses mouvements sont saccadés et ses dents s'entrechoquent, hors de son contrôle. Il a l'impression qu'il n'arrivera jamais à se réchauffer tellement il est transi jusqu'aux os. Il a du mal à croire que c'était hier qu'il plongeait dans l'eau glaciale. Le rapport du temps lui paraît disloqué. Plus il y songe, plus tout devient confus. Un frisson le parcourt en se remémorant le repêchage des deux hommes. Mais il ne regrette rien. Si c'était à refaire, il agirait de la même façon. Même si cela devait lui coûter la vie. Fjallbacka, Suède Septembre 2012 Il n'avait pas prévu de rester si longtemps. Il n'a pas vraiment eu le choix. Il termine d'empaqueter son sac à dos et remet de l'ordre dans sa chambre. Il ramasse la nourriture puis la jette dans la poubelle. Il remet les livres en place et refait le lit. En tirant la couette, il se demande si cela a changé quelque chose. La vie qu'il a prise, celles qu'il a sauvées. Une vie pour une vie. Son geste rétablissait-il un équilibre? Troublé, il passe ensuite à la salle de bain et attrape le flacon sur la tablette de la pharmacie. Il avale une pilule qu'elle contient et la fait passer avec de l'eau. Il se rince la bouche, puis éteint. Il s'assit un moment sur le lit, tirant nerveusement les manches de son chandail. Ses doigts rencontrent inévitablement l'espace vide entre son majeur et son auriculaire droit. Il frémit en repensant à cet épisode. Il ne se rappelle pas grand chose, sinon qu'il a dormi. Beaucoup. Et des cauchemars. Il a de vagues souvenirs de l'aubergiste venant s'enquérir de son état. À travers la cloison, il l'avait renvoyé chaque fois en lui assurant que tout allait bien. C'était faux bien sûr, mais il appréhendait qu'en le voyant, le patron l'oblige à se rendre à l'hôpital. Son corps était agité de spasmes incontrôlables et la fièvre le consumait. Nonobstant bêtement la gravité de son état, il s'était ainsi enfoncé dans les brumes néfastes de sa déraison. Une heure, un jour, une semaine plus tard - il ne savait pas - il s'était levé du lit. Affaibli, il avait titubé vers la salle de bain. Il ne l'a jamais atteint. Il est tombé en renversant la table du salon dans sa chute. Déjà soucieux par le silence inquiétant de son pensionnaire depuis trois jours, le propriétaire a foncé vers la chambre en entendant le fracas à l'étage du haut. Il ne se remémorait que trop bien l'état préoccupant dans lequel le jeune garçon était arrivé. Il avait fait venir discrètement le médecin du village. Celui-ci l'avait ausculté sans que Matt n'oppose de résistance. Il était acculé au mur et n'avait plus la force nécessaire pour s'envoler de toute façon. Le docteur fut catégorique, son état requérait des soins plus importants. Matt commença à s'agiter, mais l'hôtelier posa une main sur son épaule lui signifiant d'obéir. Il présenta le patient comme son neveu et s'enquit des instructions à venir. L'omnipraticien se fit circonspect, toutefois il laissa de côté les interrogations éventuelles pour investiguer davantage l'étendue des blessures. Ce n'est que lorsque le pratiquant déroula l'attelle négligée que l'horreur de la situation est apparue. Son doigt avait acquis la teinte bleutée de la nuit à son déclin et des phlyctènes se disséminait sur son épiderme nécrosé. Si Matt avait bien senti une vague perte de sensibilité, il l'avait sottement confondu avec les courbatures qui ankylosaient pratiquement l'intégralité de son corps et le délire de la fièvre. Muet, le docteur continua de procéder à ses examens. Sous la couche superficielle, il décelait également une infection due à un traumatisme antérieur. Le risque que les nerfs atteints, déjà probablement endommagés de façon irrémédiable, soient la cause de l'état avancé de la cyanose l'inquiétait, car cela compromettait gravement les chances de guérison. Il ne pouvait déduire sur un simple coup d'oeil si les lésions étaient définitives. Cependant, il préférait être franc et ne pas insuffler trop d'espoir le cas échéant en établissant son pronostic. L'engelure était profonde, probablement irréversible. Il quitta sur cette menace planante avec la promesse de se présenter aux procédures ultérieures. Une fois la stupeur passée, Matt sombra dans une atonie tendue. Il passa le reste de la semaine à hiberner dans ce brouillard léthargique. En consultation, il fut soumis à des tests de contrôle plus approfondis et on lui fit passer une scintigraphie. Des jours s'écoulèrent dans l'angoisse et l'attente du verdict. Or, celui-ci tomba comme un couperet sans appel. Les résultats confirmaient le diagnostic précoce et sa réalité incontournable. L'amputation était obligatoire. Confronté à cette issue inéluctable, Matt digéra cette vérité péremptoire et elle fit son chemin. Si c'était là la volonté des Dieux, alors il devait se plier et se soumettre à leur exigence. Il s'émancipa de la peur et du chagrin. Ne laissant plus qu'une vaste zone blanche épurée de toute émotion. Quand l'aurore vit le jour, elle le découvrit à la fenêtre l'air indifférent. Son expression affichant une absence anormale de sentiment. C'est avec un calme olympien qu'il affronta le jour J. Maintenant allongé sur le lit de sa chambre, il en vint à penser que c'était sa punition. Il conclut qu'il avait été présomptueux de prétendre à l'absolution. Probablement qu'un millier de vies ne répareraient pas ce qu'il avait fait. Bien qu'il refoulât toutes images de ce jour funeste, celles-ci ne pouvaient s'effacer complètement. Et s'il revoyait avec précision chaque seconde de la procédure - la rachianesthésie au cours de laquelle on lui avait fait une injection désensibilisant localement la zone ciblée, les odeurs aseptisées des instruments chirurgicaux, la multitude de petites lames de tailles variées utilisées pour couper tendons, nerfs et finalement doigt, - il ne pouvait s'empêcher de ressentir malgré tout son membre fantôme toujours présent comme une ritournelle obsédante qu'on ne peut extraire de sa tête. La sensation était bien réelle bien que l'objet en question relève aujourd'hui de l'imaginaire. Il se redressa brusquement et compléta ses préparatifs. Tout au long de ce processus, l'aubergiste n'avait posé aucune question. À une seule condition. De rester ici, tranquille, jusqu'à son rétablissement. Il ne savait pas ce qui avait motivé l'homme à lui accorder cette confiance. Néanmoins, sa guérison était presque complète. Son engagement arrivait à son terme et il n'avait plus de raisons valables pour rester. Il anticipait également les interrogations qui viendraient immanquablement n'ayant plus d'excuses pour s'y dérober. Il devait partir.[Chapter 3] Kaskinen, Finlande Septembre 2012 Il nage dans cet or liquide polychrome qui l'ensorcelle. Envoûté par une quelconque incantation que l'on aurait murmurée à voit basse. Il ne vole pas vraiment à vrai dire, il flotte tout simplement. Il dérive, emporté par le courant magnétique de l'arc auroral qui ondule sous le ciel crépusculaire. Bien que l'émeraude soit la teinte dominante de ce phénomène mythique, des nuances éthérées de violet, turquoise et de corail viennent parachever cette oeuvre d'abstraction dynamique. Subjugué, il s'imprègne de ce sentiment de transcendance qui imprègne l'atmosphère ambiante. Aspirant par tous les pores de sa peau cette plénitude, cette sensation de légèreté jamais égalée. Il s'interroge brièvement à savoir si aucun humain n'a jamais vécu une expérience d'une telle intensité. Il était étendu sur le sol à méditer en observant tranquillement les étoiles. Il n'a même pas remarqué leur présence, absorbé qu'il était dans ses pensées. Elles se sont matérialisées subitement sous ses yeux, comme par magie. Incrédule, il a contemplé avec fascination ces curieuses aurores boréales. Il restait inerte, bloquant sa respiration comme si le seul bruissement de son souffle pouvait rompre le sortilège et les faire disparaître. Puis il a brisé le sort qui liait ses pieds à la terre et a pris son envol. Il a gravi les mètres le séparant du ciel dans une ascension frôlant la lenteur de déplacement de l'escargot. Savourant chaque détail, chaque élément de cette splendeur. La touchant du doigt comme pour en tester la réalité. Il fusionne maintenant avec cette énergie fluide et mouvante. Il sent son coeur pulser au rythme de cet afflux. Il tournoie en ouvrant les bras, se laissant guider par la fluctuation limpide des arcs luminescents. Il ferme les yeux et lâche prise. Plus rien n'existe. Ni la douleur, ni les souvenirs. Il n'est plus sur Terre, il a franchi les limites d'un autre univers. Jamais il n'a ressenti une telle émotion. Puissante, poignante, bouleversante. Sa gorge est nouée, il ne s'est jamais senti si...si...retranscrire fidèlement est du domaine de l'impossible. Indescriptible, c'est le genre de situation qu'il faut vivre pour comprendre. Libre étant le seul qualificatif qui lui vienne à l'esprit à défaut d'expliquer convenablement. Adjectif prépondérant mais incomplet. Il aurait aimé partager ce moment avec Steve et Andrew. Ils auraient certainement compris, même en l'absence des mots adéquats. Ils étaient d'ailleurs les seuls à comprendre. Avec un pincement au coeur, il songe qu'il y a tellement de choses qui lui manquent. Tellement de choses auxquelles il a renoncé, qu'il a dû abandonner derrière lui. Sans un regard, sans même pouvoir leur dire aurevoir. Son coeur s'assombrit et les regrets s'y déversent amèrement. L'aurore oscille, scintille, vibre, puis s'éclipse aussi subitement qu'elle est apparue. Déçu, Matt regagne lentement le sol et commence à monter la tente sans grande hâte. Même les aurores ne souhaitent pas être en sa présence. Cette nuit-là, des hurlements déchirants retentissent au coeur des montagnes. Les cauchemars sont de plus en plus fréquents. Repris par les baleines échouées sur la côte ouest du golfe de Botnie et une meute de loups gris embusqués, les cris d'angoisse se transforment en une étrange complainte ricochant en écho à travers les vastes plaines à l'est. La faune environnante cesse toute activité, elle tend l'oreille vers ce chant inhabituel. Puis, elles joignent leur voix à cette triste litanie. La clameur s'accroît, s'amplifie jusqu'à atteindre son climax pour s'interrompre abruptement dans un silence anormal. Tendues, les différentes espèces restent figées, paralysées dans l'attente. Les hurlements résonnent une dernière fois avant de s'éteindre définitivement. S'il en avait été conscient, Matt aurait probablement été effleuré par le danger d'être repéré. Par chance, il est si isolé que personne ne peut l'entendre. Papoua, Nouvelle-Guinée Octobre 2012 Exténué, Matt doit faire de constantes escales pour se reposer. Le manque de sommeil et la faim qui le taraude le rendent maussade. Il se dit qu'il pourrait s'arrêter un moment et pêcher. Il commence à réunir le matériel pour fabriquer une canne à pêche de fortune. De pays en pays, son itinérance lui permit d'apprendre beaucoup sur différentes cultures et il a pu acquérir quelques techniques qui lui ont permis de survivre jusqu'ici quand l'argent manquait. Il s'était néanmoins fait la promesse de ne jamais dérober son prochain même si son quotidien précaire lui donnait la sensation d'être continuellement sur des montagnes russes. D'évoluer dans un présent qu'il ne pouvait jamais anticiper. Tout pouvait arriver, à tout moment. Pour gagner de l'argent, il effectuait divers travaux. N'importe lequel tant qu'il lui fournissait un moyen de subsister. De survivre une journée de plus. Outre l'effort physique et assouvir ses besoins primaires, il devait jongler avec une multitude d'autres désagréments qui puisaient, petit à petit, ses forces vitales. Les devises changeantes, les langues étrangères, la difficulté de se faire comprendre, approcher les gens discrètement, les questions et les réponses que l'on voulait lui soutirer, les mensonges qu'il inventait constamment, sans compter les territoires sauvages et hostiles parcourus. Et ce n'était là que quelques exemples. Bien qu'il tentât de circonscrire ses escapades à l'intérieur de frontières infréquentées et éloignées, avec peu d'accès à l'information et aux médias, parfois on le reconnaissait. La réaction des gens était aussi variée et imprévisible que la gamme des sentiments le permet. Indifférence, peur, dégoût, curiosité, haine, agressivité. À l'occasion, il avait perçu l'adulation, la jalousie. Ces situations étaient par contre d'une telle rareté qu'elles ne valaient même pas la même d'être comptées. Entre celles-ci, se dessinaient des contours indéfinis. Ainsi, la peur pouvait se traduire par une simple crainte à son égard comme atteindre le paroxysme et déclencher une terreur absolue. À Hawaii, il s'était retrouvé coincé provisoirement au milieu d'une cohue hystérique scandant sa fureur et lui exprimant violemment son animosité au visage. La rumeur de la foule avait continué d'enfler alors qu'il tentait par tous les moyens d'y échapper. Il commençait à angoisser, ne trouvant aucune issue, aucune brèche qui lui permettrait de fuir sans dégâts. L'utilisation de ses pouvoirs n'étant que le derniers recours, il ne voulait pas y être contraint. L'attroupement était trop près et le risque de blessure, trop élevée. L'apogée avait été atteint quelques minutes plus tard. Il avait reçu le premier projectile à la tempe droite. Il ne put identifier ce que c'était ni d'où il provenait exactement, mais il avait bien senti le sang chaud couler le long de sa joue tout comme la panique qui s'emparait de lui. Plus douloureuse que la blessure était la haine déversée sur lui par ces inconnus. La vue du sang sembla provoquer le déchaînement de la masse agglutinée autour de lui. Puis, comme si un signal muet avait été lancé, les dernières réticences de la foule s'étaient envolées. La démarcation invisible qui les contenait s'évanouit et le déferlement qui s'ensuivit fut proche de la névrose. On lui lança d'autres objets, le poussa, il encaissa plusieurs coups, absorba les insultes. La terreur commençait à l'aveugler à mesure qu'il se sentait perdre le contrôle. Un direct à l'estomac lui coupa le souffle et il trébucha sur un des objets encombrant le sol à ses pieds. À quatre pattes, tremblant de partout, il déclencha sans même en avoir conscience son bouclier. Bien qu'il ne se soit pas vraiment entraîné depuis sa fuite, il sentait que sa force grandissait. La barrière protectrice n'était plus limitée à une zone précise, il pouvait la manipuler, l'extraire et l'étendre au-delà de son corps. En l'occurrence, il produisit un dôme étincelant d'une teinte turquoise d'environ quelques mètres de circonférence. L'effet fut immédiat et la foule recula avec un cri d'effroi. L'espace engendré lui permit de décoller sans danger. Après cette altercation, il lui fallut plusieurs heures avant de trouver le courage de redescendre sur la terre ferme. L'appréhension à l'approche d'un nouveau village est maintenant une émotion qu'il transporte partout, bagage importun maintenant aussi inséparable que son sac de voyage. L'imprudence l'avait conduit à faire un arrêt à Londres. Une erreur bête, stupide. Heureusement sans trop de conséquences...pour la population du moins. Un cri de stupeur avait retenti. Avant qu'il ne se rende compte qu'il était l'auteur de sa provenance, l'affolement avait fait fuir dans tous les sens toute âme vivante. Il ressentit pour la première fois l'envergure de son isolation, de sa solitude permanente. Un instant, il laissa errer son regard sur cette profusion de marchandises abandonnées. À sa disposition. Rien ne l'empêchait de prendre ce qu'il voulait et de s'en aller. La faim perpétuelle l'incitait impérieusement à combler son appétit. La tentation était forte, palpable. Rien ne l'empêchait, hormis sa conscience. Il hocha la tête de dégoût envers lui-même et un rugissement griffant sa poitrine s'échappa avant de se répercuter dans la rue déserte. Il s'envola brutalement dans un souffle d'air dévastateur qui agita brusquement toute l'avenue. S'il avait quelqu'un à qui parler, des histoires, il en aurait à raconter. Peut-être que s'il pouvait se confier, se soulager de cette lourdeur accablante, se décharger un peu de ce poids incessant...Ce n'était pas près d'arriver, il pouvait toujours rêver. Alors, il continuait son chemin, sa valise affective s'alourdissant chaque jour un peu plus de cette charge étouffante. Dans tous les cas, l'invisibilité restait son meilleur moyen de défense. Il creusa dans le sol à la recherche d'appâts qu'il enfila avec mal de ses mains tremblantes. Il lança la ligne improvisée et patienta, les yeux posés au loin et étrangement vagues. S'il avait quelqu'un à qui parler, des histoires, il en aurait à raconter. Peut-être que s'il pouvait se confier, se soulager de cette lourdeur accablante, se décharger un peu de ce poids incessant...Ce n'était pas près d'arriver, il pouvait toujours rêver. Alors, il continuait son chemin, sa valise affective s'alourdissant chaque jour un peu plus de cette charge étouffante. Dans tous les cas, l'invisibilité restait son meilleur moyen de défense. ''— Tu te souviens comme tu aimais pêcher Andrew? Tu étais en colère après moi, car je n'arrivais pas à rester tranquille et que je faisais fuir tous les poissons...'' Matt tressaute, pivote la tête vers la droite puis la gauche en la secouant nerveusement. Il faut que je dorme...et que je mange, pense-t-il. Le repas ne l'a pas entièrement rassasié, mais il s'en accomodera pour l'instant. C'était quand la dernière fois qu'il avait mangé à sa faim? Sans devoir en garder au cas où, sans s'inquiéter du lendemain? Il se frotte les mains et se nettoie un peu. Il ajoute une bûche au feu allumé plus tôt et resserre la couverture autour de lui. Les braises dégagent une chaleur apaisante et réconfortante. Somnolent, il fixe les flammes dans leur farandole hypnotisante. '' — Tu as bien mangé Andrew? Il ne se rend même pas compte qu'il a parlé à voix haute. Dommage qu'on est pas de guimauve, tu aurais pu les faire flamber. Tu les as toujours fait brûler ...dit-il d'une voix engourdie par le sommeil qui le gagne. Il glisse légèrement sur le côté, les yeux lourds. — On sera toujours amis? résonne une voix dans sa tête. — Pour la vie , chuchote-t-il ... Andrew?... demande-t-il d'une voix presque éteinte. — Oui? — Tu ne me quitteras jamais? — Jamais. '' Ils poussent les premiers gémissements quelques minutes plus tard. Il geint, se recroqueville comme un enfant. Ses lamentations s'apparentent à ceux d'un chiot blessé. Ses bras s'agitent et ses jambes battent le vide. Comme s'il cherchait à s'évader du rêve. Mais il ne peut pas. Le cauchemar est en lui, vit en lui, se nourrit de lui. Il se réveille en sursaut, complètement trempé par la sueur. Il grelotte malgré la chaleur ambiante. Il ne réussira pas à se rendormir ce soir. Enga, Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinee Octobre 2012 Il est toujours à Papoua. Habituellement, il ne reste pas si longtemps au même endroit. Toujours bouger, être constamment à l'affût fait partie intégrante de sa nouvelle vie. Mais cette incessante concentration est éreintante. Il est fatigué. Il en a assez de fuir. Puis, il ne s'est rien passé depuis un moment. Il sait que le danger est toujours présent, mais peut-être bénéficie-t-il d'un sursis? Peut-être pourrait-il s'installer ici quelque temps? L'endroit s'y prête plutôt bien. Reculé, indompté, presque primitif. Un emplacement idéal pour passer inaperçu. Les conditions demeurent néanmoins difficiles. Le territoire accidenté complique les déplacements ''naturels'', communiquer avec les diverses ethnies présentes relève du défi, l'ouvrage n'est pas courant et se procurer ce dont on a besoin est une tâche ardue. Le troc est en fait une coutume plus courante parmi les tribus locales. La plus grande menace reste toutefois les peuples autarciques qui habitent ces régions. Bien que la technologie ne soit pas un fait commun et lui assure pratiquement l'anonymat, la sorcellerie est une croyance populaire répandue dans ces contrées. Et tout acte d'une telle nature est sévèrement puni. Les villageois n'hésitent pas, sans procès ni façon, à torturer et mettre à mort tout individu coupable de ce crime. Alors Matt évite méticuleusement de faire appel à ses pouvoirs. Il n'a pas encore eu de démelé avec eux, mais cela ne saurait tarder. Il a senti une tension palpable se générer à leur contact. Beaucoup d'habitants sont analphabètes, leur intelligence et perception n'en demeurent pas moins aiguisées. Aucune hostilité ne s'est manifestée comme à Hawaii, leur regard suspicieux et méfiant est par contre suffisant pour alerter Matt. Il a déjà vécu ça... Alors, il garde ses distances et prend soin de rester à l'écart. Et il marche. Il marche depuis longtemps. C'est devenu une seconde nature. Certes, il pourrait voler, mais moins il utilise son pouvoir mieux il se porte. Plus il se sent...normal. Quoique...y a-t-il quelque chose d'ordinaire dans sa vie actuelle? Essoufflé, il doit prendre des pauses à un intervalle régulier pour récupérer. Et le temps s'étire et s'étire sans fin. Son ventre ne gronderait pas si fort si le sol s'ouvrait devant lui. La chaleur est presque insupportable. La sueur ruisselle le long de son dos et détrempe le bas de son t-shirt. Elle glisse le long de son visage et lui brûle les yeux. Il l'essuie de son avant-bras. Désorienté, il trébuche sur un talus de terre et s'effondre de tout son long. '' — Merde! Merde! La sensation de brûlure est instantanée et l'élancement dans sa cheville se propage le long de son corps. Il pousse un cri de rage. Elle gronde, tapie au fond de lui, muselée et accumulée depuis trop longtemps. Allongé sur le terrain, il martèle le sol comme s'il pouvait lui transmettre sa colère, sa souffrance, son désespoir. À quoi tout cela rime-t-il? Que cherche-t-il? Quel désir souhaite-t-il réellement comblé à travers tout cela? Il se sent perdu, inutile, rejeté. Quelle place peut-il maintenant occuper en ce monde? Il ne sait même plus qui il est, ce qu'il est véritablement. L'explosion suivie d'un cercle de déflagration bleue survient au sixième coup. Son rayon d'action s'étale sur quelques kilomètres avant de s'évanouir dans un tourbillon de poussière. — Du calme, du calme... s'exhorte-t-il en respirant difficilement. Il ferme les yeux et tente de penser à quelque chose. N'importe quoi. Mais rien ne vient. Les souvenirs eux-mêmes le fuient, s'estompent et commencent à s'effacer avec le temps. Fantômes évanescents d'une ancienne existence révolue, devenue de simples petits points clignotants qu'il peine à se remémorer. Jusqu'à se demander s'ils n'ont jamais existé. Il ne souvient plus de l'odeur du parfum de sa mère, du son de la voix de son père, du sourire de Steve ou encore de la couleur exacte des yeux d'Andrew. — Tout ça est de ta faute , grogne-t-il dans un murmure imperceptible en ne sachant pas exactement à qui il s'adresse. Plusieurs minutes s'écoulent avant qu'il ne se relève enfin. En se mordant l'intérieur de la joue, il tente de contrôler la douleur qui irradie le long de sa jambe. Perturbé, il se remet en chemin en claudiquant. Au détour d'une vallée, une silhouette biscornue se profile au loin. Intrigué, Matt se dirige vers elle. Émergées de nulle part, les ruines d'un ancien temple se dressent devant lui. — Andrew...Tu vois ce que je vois? dit-il la voix chevrotante. Il n'est pas au Tibet...si? Il ne sait plus où il est. Il se fotte les yeux et essaie de rassembler ses idées embrouillées. Son esprit dérape. Ses souvenirs s'emmêlent et se confondent dans sa tête...Papoua. Il est à Papoua. La réponse resurgit en même temps que la voix qui le hante. — Et alors? Ce n'est pas ici que je voulais aller. — Non, je sais, mais ça y ressemble un peu et ..., rétorque Matt. — Pas du tout, l'interrompt-il. Ça n'a rien à voir! — Pourquoi tu te fâches? — Parce que tu n'écoutes pas, tu n'écoutes jamais! Matt se prend la tête, la douleur familière progressant sur sa nuque, lui vrillant les tempes. Son crâne semble sur le point d'exploser. — Tu fuis... — Arrête! Laisse-moi! — ...ce que tu es... — Ça suffiiiiiiit! Sors de ma tête! vocifère Matt dans une tentative désespérée de reprendre le contrôle. Haletant, il s'effondre au sol. Une fêlure se produit en lui. Il craque et la fissure s'élargit, s'étend dans tout son être en aspirant violemment tout sur son passage. La colère refoulée l'envahit. — De ta faute. Tout ça est de ta faute! crache-t-il. Tu entends? La privation, le ressentiment, la culpabilité, la douleur, la fureur, tout se conjuguent dans un formidable chaos. L'anarchie de ces émotions se mêle dans un maelström étourdissant. Elles le broient par vagues successives, l'habitent tour à tour. Sa fureur augmente. Elle s'accentue au point d'oblitérer tout le reste. Se dilate jusqu'au point de rupture avant de s'écouler tel un volcan éjectant son bouillonnant magma de lave. — Pourquoi as-tu fait ça? Pourquoi? Pourquoi m'as-tu obligé à faire ça? Je te déteste, je te haïs! T'es rien qu'un petit con! Personne ne voulait de toi. Tu faisais du mal aux gens, tu étais devenu incontrôlable et cruel! Tu n'étais plus toi! Il hurle en déversant sa colère au ciel comme si Andrew pouvait lui apporter une réponse. La tempête atteint son acme et son tourment le transperce comme si une lame en plein coeur. La douleur est si aiguë qu'il en perd le souffle. — Tu l'avais mérité , lance-t-il dans un ultime flot de haine qui emporte avec lui les derniers vestiges de l'ouragan destructeur. Le calme est revenu. À genoux, Matt se balance d'en avant en arrière. — Je n'ai rien fait de mal. Sa voix flanche. Je n'ai rien fait de mal. J'ai fait ce que je devais faire... tente-t-il de se convaincre en resserrant ses bras autour de lui. Les sanglots qui l'étouffent s'échappent. Je n'ai rien fait de mal'' répète-t-il inlassablement en laissant s'échapper enfin les mots qui se perdent dans le déclin du jour fuyant.[Chapter 4] Vaira'O, Polynesie Novembre 2012 La silhouette de Matt n'a de commun avec lui que son appartenance. Sa propre mère, qui l'a pourtant mis au monde et par le fait même modelé chaque fibre de son être, ne le reconnaîtrait probablement pas au premier coup d'oeil. Il a non seulement changé physiquement, mais de son esprit ne demeure que des fragments épars qu'une simple brise suffirait probablement à disperser sous l'autan en quête d'âmes éperdues à dévorer. Le passage tardif de sa puberté à laisser ses traces évocatrices ici et là. Son corps a gagné quelques centimètres non négligeables et un fin duvet naissant recouvre maintenant son menton. La chair a perdu l'équivalent de son poids en dernières graisses qui subsistaient du berceau pour se fondre sous les angles saillants de ses muscles récemment développés. Son timbre de voix, autrefois fluide et charnu, a adopté la teinte profonde et suave de la maturité. Il demeure toutefois difficile d'évaluer si l'ensemble peut être totalement imputé à la croissance réelle ou si ce ne sont que des conséquences des stigmates de l'indigence. La privation lui a coûté plusieurs kilos et son corps efflanqué flotte maintenant dans ses habits trop grands. Les traits juvéniles de son visage se disputent entre les ultimes conjectures de l'enfance pour revendiquer leur statut prétoire d'adulte. Son regard éteint semble perdu au milieu de cet affrontement archaïque à l'issue incontestable. Son pansement noirci n'a pas dû être changé depuis Papoua. Ses vêtements crasseux et déchirés claquent en battements réguliers dans l'alizé du matin. Assis au sommet de la falaise, il fouette l'air en cadence de ses pieds en observant les vagues se briser sur les rochers en contrebas. Sauter serait si facile. Rapide. Efficace. Définitif. Il n'aurait qu'à se laisser glisser, pense-t-il en avançant à demi dans le vide comme pour tenter le diable. Trancher ce fil ténu à l'origine contentieuse qui le relie à cette existence velléitaire. La chute libératrice, l'absolution en conclusion. Le néant, le soulagement, la fin. La fin de la douleur, de la solitude. La fin de tout. Enfin libre. S'il avait cru que son don profiterait à quelqu'un ou à quelque chose, s'emploierait dans un dessein précis, maintenant il en doute. Et cette incertitude est pire que tout. Elle le ronge et le dévore à chaque seconde qui s'égrène impitoyablement. Chacune d'elles s'additionnent à son livre de comptes pour y inscrire à l'encre indélébile la somme de ses échecs et de son indétermination à desservir un objectif. Révélant honteusement sa principale lacune dans son incapacité à agir. '' — Saute Matt. La voix est de retour. Harcelante, obsédante...Pourquoi ne le ferait-il pas? Saute, vas-y! Sa nuque le démange. Quelles obscures raisons le maintiennent ici? Saute, saute, saute, chantonne-t-elle. — Va te faire foutre!'' murmure-t-il sans grande conviction, les mots aussitôt égarés dans la rafale qui les emporte au loin. Cette expédition tourne au cauchemar. Matt n'entrevoit ni apaisement, ni pardon, ni réponse d'aucune sorte au bout de ce voyage. Qu'espérait-il? De qui serait venue la rédemption ardemment souhaitée? Comment espérer la paix de son âme avec ses cauchemars? Quant aux réponses, encore faudrait-il les chercher. Vraiment. Plus il réfléchit d'ailleurs, plus il se demande si le problème ne viendrait pas plutôt de lui. Il n'a pas su protéger Steve même s'il avait senti la tempête se lever. Les signes précurseurs étaient sans équivoque, mais il les a volontairement balayés du revers de la main. Ni défendre Andrew de ses agressions, autant à l'école que de son père bien qu'il était partiellement au courant. Il aurait pu faire quelque chose. Non. Il aurait dû faire quelque chose. Il n'a pas été en mesure non plus d'apporter de soutien à sa tante Karen dans ces derniers instants. Dans la hantise de ne pas savoir comment procéder, quoi dire et la fatalité irrévocable de sa mort imminente, il a évité autant que possible de la voir. Il a fui ses responsabilités alors que tous les indices démontraient qu'Andrew perdait le contrôle. Au lieu de tenter de trouver un moyen de faire face aux circonstances et de canaliser la colère de son cousin, il a attendu que la situation dégénère lorsqu'elle a atteint le point de non-retour. Acculé au mur qu'il avait lui-même forgé, il en a été réduit à faire la seule chose qu'il restait à faire. Dans tous les cas, il avait toujours réussi à dénicher une échappatoire afin de s'esquiver. Il était passé maître dans l'art d'éviter de prendre en main les rênes de son destin. Et encore, s'il n'était question que de son manque flagrant d'aptitude à prendre des décisions et d'exécuter les actes qui en découlent. Il attire les situations désastreuses, voilà ce qui corrompait la plus sombre de ses pensées à cet instant. S'il n'avait pas trouvé ce cratère au fond des bois, s'il n'avait pas envoyé Steve chercher Andrew, s'il ne lui avait pas forcé la main pour descendre au fond de ce gouffre de malheur. S'il ne l'avait pas tout simplement convaincu d'assister à cette fête. Andrew ne voulait même pas en entendre parler au départ. C'était lui, Matt, lui seul qui l'avait persuadé. Tout ça au nom de ses prétendus désirs d'altruismes ridicules. S'il ne l'avait pas emmené, rien ne se serait produit. Il ne peut s'en prendre qu'à lui-même. Le déclencheur, l'agent contaminant, le catalyseur de tous ces événements tragiques. L'assise corrosive de cette pyramide de déchéance et de destruction. Lui. Il. La cause de tout. La condamnation est sans appel. Souillé par ces ténébreuses réflexions, il quitte la falaise précipitamment. Le jugement a été rendu, soit. Maintenant, comment appliquer la sentence? Accepter les charges de l'inculpation le conduit dans une impasse alambiquée qui n'a pour résultat immédiat que de faire davantage vaciller sa raison déjà en sol précaire. Pourtant, même fragile et instable, sa conscience intervient et lui dit qu'il ne peut continuer à vivre sans en subir les conséquences. Tout homme se doit de payer son crime...n'est-ce pas? Comment? Et qui est à même de le faire? Le moment venu, se laissera-t-il faire? Ce pouvoir est traître et ne tolère aucune entrave. Il a malencontreusement pu le constater à quelques reprises. Doit-il alors lui-même juger de la sanction? Est-ce possible? De quelle façon? Se rendre aux autorités et les laisser statuer de son état? Mettre un terme à son existence? Il longe la côte Est en réfléchissant à ces questions sans réponses qui l'assaillent. Un changement net dans cette atmosphère invariable vient perturber son conflit intérieur et l'avertit du danger imminent. Lorsqu'il s'apprête à décoller, des éclats de voix attirent son attention alors qu'un grondement secoue avec férocité la terre stérile sous ses pieds. Sa vision fouille frénétiquement les diverses pigmentations cuivrées qui s'offrent devant lui sans parvenir à en déterminer la source. Il est sur le point de se dire que son imagination tordue les a imaginés quand il aperçoit une large section de la falaise à sa droite se détacher sans préavis. Elle glisse vers le précipice dans un mouvement désarticulé et s'écrase telle une pluie de terres sèches sur les rochers en contrebas. L'affaissement de la corniche provoque un vacarme infernal en révélant aux yeux de Matt un groupe d'expédition en proie à la panique. Un craquement assourdissant scinde la base de la falaise fragilisée en deux et la troupe peine à rester en équilibre sur leur promontoire chancelant. Des parcelles considérables d'amas de rocs et de sables se désagrègent en s'émiettant dans leur course vers la mer affamée qui les engloutit avec un appétit vorace. Juchés sur leur minuscule langue de terre qui peine à les contenir, les voyageurs s'affolent et poussent des hurlements de frayeur à donner la chair de poule. D'autres fragments se décrochent de la paroi rudement mise à l'épreuve et la bande se retrouve happée par cet éboulement rocheux. Les malheureux tentent de se raccrocher du mieux qu'ils peuvent dans cette avalanche de pierres et de débris qui dégringolent sur eux. Matt se rue dans leur direction et attrape une des victimes par le bras. Le sol instable s'effondre sous leurs pas et il a tout juste le temps d'agripper par la main la seconde personne à sa droite avant qu'elle ne chute vers un trépas assuré. Il plane vers une portion plus stable de la montagne et dépose les deux personnes incrédules. Il se demande brièvement si leur stupeur vient du fait d'avoir échappé miraculeusement à une mort certaine ou de son intervention elle-même. Sans investiguer davantage, il retourne vers la zone critique et ramène ainsi quatre autres rescapés en sécurité. Lorsqu'il revient, il ne reste plus que trois survivants. Accrochés les uns aux autres comme une chaîne battant au vent, ils ne tiendront plus très longtemps. Celui de tête, qui se cramponne violemment d'une main à la branche les maintenant en vie, montre des signes évidents de fatigue et a du mal à assurer de son autre main sa prise sur les autres. A-t-il le temps de les transporter un par un? Son énergie commence à diminuer, il le sent. Lui non plus n'en a plus pour longtemps à ce rythme. Soudain, la tige à laquelle ils se retenaient désespérément se déracine de la terre et le trio plonge vers leur dernier instant. Il n'a plus le temps de tergiverser. Matt harponne instinctivement le premier homme qui conserve encore soudé sa mainmise sur les deux autres. Les trois explorateurs sauvés in extremis se balancent dans le vide, leurs yeux remplis d'épouvante tournés vers Matt. Il ressent comme un coup de poignard la supplication muette qu'il déchiffre dans leurs regards. Il ne peut pas lâcher. Pas maintenant. Mais il perçoit, avec une lucidité acérée qu'il n'a pas connue depuis des jours, son élastique mental tendu à l'extrême. Prêt à se rompre à tout instant. Il n'a jamais volé avec le poids de trois passagers, dans son état actuel qui plus est. Chacun de ses muscles est douloureusement contracté et il puise dans toutes ses ressources disponibles pour remonter, un centimètre à la fois. Il prend de la vitesse et s'enligne droit devant vers les autres qui agitent furieusement les bras vers eux. Ses membres tremblent sous la pression, sa résistance décline une seconde après l'autre. Un flot de sang clair et abondant se déverse de son nez et emplit sa gorge. Le liquide au goût amer le fait tousser et il crache un jet sanglant en l'air. En ahanant, il se rapproche de plus en plus des autres accidentés qui les encouragent toujours bruyamment au loin. Il franchit une vingtaine de mètres en volant le plus vite qu'il peut. Il commence à fléchir et ils redescendent vivement. Le sang brûlant dégoûte maintenant aussi de son oreille gauche sur son épaule endolorie. Il a l'impression que les hommes lui crient quelque chose, mais il n'entend plus rien hormis un bourdonnement continuel. Il n'y arrivera pas. Sollicitant une ultime fois son endurance psychique, il joue le tout pour le tout et bande son corps comme un arc. En faisant levier et en utilisant sa vitesse de vol, il projette les randonneurs de toutes ses forces vers l'escarpement sécuritaire, sain et sauf. Emporté par la puissance de l'élan qu'il a fourni et maintenant débarassé du poids qu'il supportait, son corps est propulsé comme une flèche à toute allure dans une trajectoire en diagonale à environ un kilomètre des promeneurs. Il atterrit en créant une bourrasque d'air chaud et l'impact le catapulte brutalement sur une dizaine de mètres en creusant un profond sillon dans le sable derrière lui. Étourdi, la respiration bloquée dans sa poitrine, il reste étendu sans pouvoir bouger. Ses poumons parviennent difficilement à aspirer l'air dont il a besoin et ses yeux ne rencontrent que la noirceur opaque de l'obscurité. Chaque fibre de son être le fait souffrir. Privé de ses sens, il halète en sentant la panique le gagner. Plus il essaie de remuer ou de réfléchir, plus ses idées s'embrouillent. Confus, il s'abandonne aux ténèbres qui l'entourent et le réclament d'une étreinte le délivrant temporairement de cet enfer. Il s'éveille après une durée indéterminée. Perclus, il met un long moment à rassembler ses esprits. Il distingue d'abord des ombres difformes qui s'approchent craintivement à travers l'épais brouillard blanc qui l'aveugle maintenant. Son ouïe revient peu à peu à mesure que le ronronnement à l'intérieur de ses oreilles s'atténue. Les murmures tout près lui parviennent sans qu'il n'arrive à en saisir le sens. Les yeux clos, il appuie son front sur le sol frais et attend. Sa patience s'avère payante et sa vision commence à revenir à la normale. Il se tourne alors sur le côté et voit le troupeau qui l'examine curieusement. Comme une bête monstrueuse dans une cage de verre. Regroupés serrés, ils n'osent pas avancer. Matt se redresse lentement pour s'asseoir, réveillant le mal endormi qui se propage le long de ses terminaisons nerveuses en hurlant leur souffrance. Les tendons de son visage tressautent et il grimace en se relevant. Il titube maladroitement et s'effondre à quatre pattes, les doigts enfoncés dans la terre. Sous l'effet de la peur, l'attroupement recule prestement dans un mouvement uniforme. Blessé, Matt absorbe cette terreur en fermant les yeux et tente de reprendre le contrôle sur sa respiration qui s'accélère. Il doit partir, quitter ce lieu où il croyait avoir enfin trouvé un semblant de sécurité et de paix. Il se relève à nouveau et en faisant un pas, il constate qu'il a aggravé sa blessure à la cheville. Son épaule qui a encaissé le contrecoup de sa chute le fait atrocement souffrir. Il ne sait pas s'il a l'énergie pour un vol longue distance, cependant il n'a pas le choix. L'atmosphère change, se dilate. Un nuage de poussières se forme et les graviers roulent sur le sol. Lorsqu'il décolle, il entend le groupe lui crier quelque chose, mais il n'entend pas ce qu'ils disent. Peu importe. Il ne veut pas entendre le grincement de leur haine. Il ne veut pas entendre le bruissement de leur peur. Il ne veut plus rien entendre du tout.[Chapter 5] Nouvelle-Zelande Decembre 2012 Il n'a jamais frôlé de si près l'humanité. Au coeur de cette marée d'âmes centrées sur leur propre existence, il arpente l'artère principale d'Auckland sans se soucier nullement de son allure inquiétante. Son identité passe aisément inaperçue ainsi camouflée par sa grotesque apparence. L'idée absurde qu'il puisse posséder un quelconque pouvoir n'effleurerait aucune des personnes présentes. Le flot d'individus se déverse tout autour de lui au ralenti, se contentant de faire un pas sur le côté à l'instant où ils l'aperçoivent. Matt nage avec indifférence à contresens de cet afflux de touristes et d'habitants qui se dirige essentiellement vers le port pour assister au Carols by the Sea . Cette nuit, et pour les quatre prochains jours, le parc résonnera de la musique des festivités honorant les célébrations de Noël. Insouçiants, ils défilent dans la gaieté et le rire contagieux en le frôlant au passage. Des regards se posent nerveusement sur lui avant de se détourner rapidement. Mal à l'aise, un jeune touriste avec un énorme sac à dos s'empresse de refouler cette image choquante dans un recoin poussiéreux de sa mémoire. L'espace de quelques pas plus tard, il en a déjà oublié toute trace. Un homme portant un habit de bonne facture le percute de l'épaule. En abaissant d'un doigt parfaitement manucuré ses lunettes de soleil griffées, il arbore une mimique de dégoût bien senti. Il continue son chemin en relevant la tête avec mépris. Une jeune mère tire vivement la main de sa fillette quand il arrive à leur hauteur afin de l'écarter du trajet du vagabond. Les interrogations de l'enfant s'assoupissent sur le bord de ses lèvres quand elle lit la peur qui déforme le visage de sa génitrice. Dubitative, elle scrute à son tour l'inconnu qui traverse la promenade. Elle ne ressent pourtant aucune mauvaise onde émanée de lui. Curieux, songe-t-elle. Un peu plus loin, il heurte un adolescent qui le vilipende avec véhémence et une dame appuyée sur sa canne le considère avec compassion. Matt progresse ainsi en traînant les pieds, le mouvement s'éclaircissant sur son chemin en s'ouvrant instantanément pour lui céder la place au fur et à mesure. Vu de haut, ce serait probablement un étrange phénomène à observer. Matt n'a pas conscience de l'émoi qu'il crée autour de lui. Le regard absent, il avance droit devant. Depuis la Polynésie, son esprit s'est fracturé, errant quelque part au tréfonds de son âme égarée. La réalité chevauche le rêve, le passé alterne avec le présent. Sa santé mentale dérive quelque part aux limites de cette démence prête à le dévorer au premier signe d'abdication. Il ne sait plus où il est, ni qui il est et ce qu'il est. Est-ce important? Même les questions et leurs réponses n'ont plus d'intérêts. La seule pensée rationnelle qui traverse les lambeaux épars de son inconscient se traduit par son obsession d'être constamment en mouvement. Davantage par instinct primitif et mémoire musculaire que par logique, il se laisse guider par cette impulsion et il marche. En mode pilote automatique, il continue donc de mettre un pied devant l'autre et se déplace sans définir de but, sans adopter de destination précise. Comme s'il avait abandonné. Il aboutit dans une ruelle à l'écart de l'achalandage habituel. Le brouhaha de la foule cesse, absorbé par les hauts murs de briques des commerces jouxtant la promenade. Des poubelles jonchent le sol et plusieurs espèces animales s'en donnent à coeur joie. Une légère brise s'insinue et soulève quelques liasses de papiers qui s'éparpillent au gré du hasard et véhicule du même coup l'odeur nauséabonde qui s'exhale de ce dépotoir. Matt fait environ une trentaine de pas avant de s'arrêter subitement. Presque imperceptible, un faible signal l'avertit du danger. Toutefois, la connexion avec son corps ne répond pas. Il reste là, les bras ballants. Il ne réagit même pas au son de la voix qui le hèle. ''— Hé, les gars! Regardez-moi ça! lance dans un rire gras celui qui semble le chef de la bande. Ses courts cheveux noirs accentuent la dureté de ses traits et creusent son regard qui trahit sa cruauté. Les mains dans un pantalon cargo beige, il reste ébahi par cette singulière vision qui s'offre à lui. Imperturbable, il se tourne vers ses deux copains goguenards. Qu'est-ce qu'on a là? D'abord hésitant, le malfrat se frotte le menton. Il hausse les épaules puis trottine vers lui d'une démarche nonchalante. Avec une attitude de défi, il se dresse devant Matt et fixe ses yeux dans les siens. Sa chaîne en or capte un rayon de soleil qui se reflète sur leurs visages, mais l'expression de Matt ne bronche même pas. Consterné par cette apparition burlesque, il se frictionne jovialement les mains en songeant à ce petit amuse-gueule qui se présente ainsi devant lui. La journée a été plutôt ennuyante et il est bien content de trouver enfin un peu de divertissement. Il agite son bras devant Matt puis claque des doigts près de son oreille. — Hé le guignol! On te cause! T'es sourd?...Ou muet? demande avec hilarité le deuxième acolyte aux cheveux blonds lustrés. Son air chérubin tranche drastiquement avec la brutalité de ses gestes. Il profitait d'ailleurs largement de cette physionomie débonnaire quand venait le temps d'attirer de malheureuses proies à tourmenter. J'crois que celui-là, il est complètement nase Jack... grommelle-t-il en pivotant vers le dirigeant du trio. S'ils anticipaient un comportement prévisible, ils sont assez déçus de la tournure bizarre des événements. L'inertie atypique de Matt les met mal à l'aise. Jack tire nerveusement sur sa camisole. Il échange un regard indécis avec ses comparses puis se compose finalement une moue je-m'en-foutiste . Personne ne l'empêchera de faire ce dont il a envie. Surtout pas un crétin de clochard imbécile. Pendant que le blond le bouscule d'une légère poussée, il éclate de rire. — Ça te dirait de t'amuser avec nous? On s'ennuyait à mourir justement... dit-il en esquissant un sourire torve. — Ouais, une p'tite partie de soccer, ça te tente ? rétorque le dernier membre du clan. D'une stature imposante et l'aspect grossier, son air coriace transmet efficacement la menace qui plane. Il se craque bruyamment les jointures à cette perspective réjouissante qui l'enchante. Et...c'est toi le ballon... Le premier coup frappe Matt à la mâchoire, le second à l'estomac. Un autre à l'arrière du genou droit le fait chuter sur le gravier, les paumes au sol. À portée d'atteinte dans cette position, ils le ruent alors de coups de pied. Les attaques pleuvent de partout à la fois. Son nez, ses tempes, ses lèvres et ses côtes ainsi accessibles encaissent la majeure partie des dégâts. L'assaut cesse au bout d'un moment. Le lascar de tête est mécontent et se penche sur lui, un genou à terre. Cette facilité déconcertante et le fait que Matt ne leur oppose aucune résistance ne lui procurent pas la jouissance et la satisfaction escomptées. En se grattant la tête, il lui livre le fond de sa pensée. — Tu sais, si tu ne défends pas au moins un peu, ce n'est pas très drôle! N'obtenant aucune réponse, la colère l'envahit. Son plaisir est en parti gâché par l'absence d'émotion de Matt et sa patience est de courte mèche aujourd'hui. Il se relève en secouant son pantalon et laisse échapper un soupir excédé. Il fait quelques pas en cercle autour de cet être anormal à son avis. Il stoppe sa marche et sa posture change, comme s'il avait une idée. Ne dit-on pas ''aux grands maux, les grands moyens'' ou quelque chose dans le genre? Il ne se souvient plus de la formulation exacte. Il n'était peut-être pas un élève attentif, mais l'adage lui paraît coller à cette situation. Un coup d'oeil au costaud à sa droite lui confirme qu'ils conçoivent la même notion de la suite des choses. Ils partagent un sourire sadique à donner froid dans le dos. Le colosse enlève sa veste et le meneur fait signe à son sous-fifre blond. Celui-ci empoigne Matt par les cheveux et le sang frais de sa victime vient tâcher son t-shirt propret dans une empreinte bien nette. En maugréant sur le prix de sa défroque, il le tire violemment par en arrière en ajustant sa prise. Jack se penche à nouveau vers Matt en plongeant son regard dans le sien. Cette fois, il compte bien établir la connexion. D'un mouvement très lent, il sort un couteau bien affûté de sa poche et l'expose devant ses yeux en le faisant tourner. Il l'oriente ensuite vers le visage de Matt et commence à jouer de la pointe sur sa tempe en descendant tranquillement vers sa joue. Laissant une marque rougeâtre distincte, là où la lame a entaillé légèrement sous la pression délibérée du châtain. Ses yeux de fauve laissent maintenant apercevoir l'éclair sauvage de l'aliéné, caractéristique dominante de celui qui aime jouir du pouvoir. Penchant déviant qui ne sera assouvi que par une réaction de Matt. Jack continue son petit manège en descendant furtivement jusqu'à son cou, désirant enfin le provoquer. La lame laisse une fine incision sur la peau tendre. Une larme de sang perle timidement. Quelque chose commence à remuer dans les profondeurs du gouffre où Matt s'est confiné. Ça rampe désagréablement, gagnant du terrain au fil de la traînée gluante et visqueuse qu'elle répand derrière son ombre au goût de fiel. Elle lui tord péniblement le bas-ventre en y enroulant ses tentacules anthropophages qui en profitent pour broyer d'autres parties de lui au passage. — Défends-toi! résonne la voix bien connue en enfonçant impitoyablement ses griffes acérées dans sa conscience. Les éclats de rire fusent et percent peu à peu l'épais brouillard qui enveloppait Matt jusqu'ici. Sa léthargie s'évapore et permet à l'entité de revenir en maître dans sa tête. — Réveille-toi! Tu ne vas quand même pas te laisser faire? demande la voix abasourdie. — Non...Oui...! énonce faiblement Matt en secouant la tête. — Tiens, tiens! Il parle! émet dans un hoquet de surprise le malabar jusqu'ici plutôt discret. On peut savoir de quoi t'as envie de causer? s'enquiert-il en lui envoyant un redoutable crochet du droit en plein visage. Un second uppercut le cueille au retour de l'autre côté. Un craquement sec retentit et Matt crache un long filet de sang. Une première image le percute de plein fouet. Il est couché sur le sol près de la statue, il est blessé et essaie de se traîner vers la catastrophe qui se joue devant lui. Il s'époumone en espérant qu'Andrew cessera cette folie. Que tout cela n'est que le fruit de son imagination. Mais Andrew n'a pas l'intention d'arrêter. Ce n'est que le début. Le géant le tabasse encore quelques secondes, éparpillant ainsi le souvenir sous la virulence de la dérouillée. Il renâcle grossièrement avant de concéder de mauvaise grâce sa place à Jack. Affichant un rictus égrillard, celui-ci continue là où il en était maintenant que Matt laisse entrevoir de faibles démonstrations de protestation. Il relève la chemise de Matt et, d'un geste agile du poignet, lui dessine une taillade franche près de l'aine gauche. — On va te saigner à blanc, mon pote. T'as pas d'objection p'tit père?... renchérit-il en portant la main à son oreille comme s'il attendait sa riposte. — Fais quelque chose bon sang! hurle la voix dans sa tête. Il ne souhaite pas se servir de son pouvoir pour blesser. Il s'est toujours juré...La voix persifle narquoisement en l'interrompant, lui rappelant hypocritement qu'il l'a déjà utilisé dans ce but. Les gens couraient totalement affolés, les monceaux de verres se brisant sur leur tête en les entaillant au passage. Le cri bestial de son ami lui vrille le cerveau comme un point de non-retour. Sa tête est prise dans un étau, l'indécision le rend fou et il a conscience que chaque seconde qui défile peut s'avérer fatalement irréversible pour quelqu'un. Dans un souffle destructeur, Andrew renverse les autos de patrouille et blesse des dizaines de policiers par le même élan. Il ne s'arrêtera jamais. Jamais. Plus maintenant que le surprédateur a réquisitionné son identité. Le regard de Matt se pose sur la statue, descend le long de son bras armé, jusqu'à la lance émoussée dont la pointe brille dans l'obscurité. Andrew, ne m'oblige pas à faire ça. La créature de sa culpabilité lui remémore son mensonge au fer chauffé à blanc, le jet brûlant de l'acide se diffuse dans ses veines. Le poignard de Jack implanté plus profondément cette fois-ci l'éjecte des caprices de sa mémoire. Il ne ressent pas instantanément la douleur, oscillant entre ces deux mondes. Le flot de sang par contre est sans équivoque et indique qu'un organe est touché. — Minable! Pathétique! le semonce sèchement l'archange de son purgatoire. Comme tous tes beaux projets humanitaires et toutes tes profondes réflexions philosophiques à la con. Tu n'es qu'un lâche, Matt. Qui peux-tu réellement aider? Qui sauveras-tu cette fois? ricane la voix. Le fou furieux à l'arme blanche commence à perdre le contrôle. La vue du sang l'excite et la frustration de ne pas créer la terreur prévue forgent un étrange mélange de sentiments qu'il n'a jamais vraiment vécus. Possédé tel un peintre inspiré muni de son pinceau, il se sert de son outil tranchant comme instrument de création. La manoeuvre suivante entame une longue estafilade du biceps jusqu'au milieu de l'avant-bras avant de se ficher dans les chairs de la cuisse gauche de Matt. Les traits de crayons vulgaires se poursuivent alors que la douleur pénètre enfin sa carapace. L'environnement actuel se matérialise au fur et à mesure que le sang quitte son corps. Il a essayé de se traîner vers lui, mais la futilité des ses tentatives jusqu'ici le paralysait. Le sang poisseux coulait de son oreille et de son nez. Il a beuglé de toutes ses forces une ultime fois avant de constater l'irrémédiabilité de son échec. Trop tard, il était trop tard. Il n'arrivait plus à communiquer avec Andrew. Il a de nouveau tourné ses pensées vers la lance. Ça avait été si facile...Il n'avait eu qu'à visualiser le geste. D'une facilité déconcertante. Il ne se souvenait pas de l'avoir commandé. L'imaginer avait suffi. Quand il avait ouvert les yeux, la vision du corps empalé d'Andrew s'est imposé, aussi radicale et ostensible que le geste irréparable qu'il venait de réaliser. Il a envie de hurler. Son instinct se réveille, comme sa rancoeur. Il grogne entre ses dents. — Quoi? demande l'agresseur. Tu as envie de te battre maintenant? C'est un peu tard, non? Tu es un peu faible... — Tu...es...faible...Matt... Les deux voix n'en font plus qu'une seule. Il en a assez de cette existence, de cette lutte incessante pour la survie. De fuir. De ne pas être à la hauteur des situations. De ne pas être apte à terrasser ce démon qui lui évoque sans cesse sa responsabilité dans le désastre de Seattle. Cependant, leur condescendance brise les chaînes qu'ils s'étaient lui-même imposées. L'amalgame agit comme un catalyseur dont la clé s'insère parfaitement dans le verrou de sa fureur. La serrure saute en permettant d'évacuer toute sa rancune. — JE-NE-SUIS-PAS-FAIBLE! vocifère-t-il d'une rage froide ainsi décuplée. Il produit une radiation qui l'entoure d'un anneau céruléen ondoyant. Le déchargement d'électricité crépite autour de lui en façonnant un champ d'attraction qui, dans un tourbillon s'amplifiant de seconde en seconde, engendre un formidable chaos anarchique de déchets. Il canalise sa force dans ses bras dans une intense concentration et les dirige brusquement vers ses assaillants. L'onde de choc est relâchée dans une extraordinaire puissance centralisée en trois directions bien claires. Le blondinet est catapulté tel un pantin désarticulé contre le mur et tombe en heurtant le sol, assommer par le contrecoup. Le colosse s'envole, pied devant, et percute sans cérémonie la benne à ordures plus loin. Sonné, il s'effondre en gémissant. Jack s'encastre dans une fenêtre qui vole en éclats avant de choir sur ses jambes, éberlué. Matt libère la rafale qui fait léviter derrière lui tout ce qui jonche le ciment encrassé. — C'est lui! bégaye le blond platiné. Garrety! Matt Garetty! C'est ce zinzin qui passe au putain de journal d'infos! Son nom sonne comme un glas dans l'écho de la venelle déserte. Le silence est dérangeant après le tintamarre précédent. Indécis, ils se consultent du regard. Bravant la peur qui l'étreint, Jack rigole. — Arrête ton char. Tu l'as regardé? Il n'a pas l'air si menaçant que ça... Cette fois, Matt provoque d'un simple claquement des épaules une giclée d'arcs scintillants. L'aura statique permute au violet et l'entoure en émettant un grésillement cinétique. Le rayonnement diffus télescope la benne derrière eux comme si elle était aussi légère qu'une plume. Elle pivote dans un grincement infernal qui griffe atrocement leurs tympans. Les mains appuyées sur les oreilles, les deux complices subalternes tremblent de peur probablement pour la première fois depuis très longtemps. Matt rencontre le regard démesuré de Jack. Il soude cette liaison et leur esprit se connecte. Les paupières du grand brun se dilatent alors que Matt s'introduit de plus en plus dans sa tête. À tâtons, il progresse pour atteindre l'endroit souhaité. Une fois qu'il a trouvé ce qu'il cherche et procédé à quelques petites manipulations, Matt soulève lentement le corps de sa victime, puis l'épingle au mur. La force invisible le tenant à la gorge, Jack essaie de parler, mais seul un son inaudible s'échappe. Matt resserre sa prise, provoquant un gargouillis encore plus incompréhensible chez l'agresseur devenu victime. Il s'approche tranquillement en observant le visage de Jack changer de couleur alors que les deux autres s'enfuient à toute allure. Il fait un pas en avant lorsque soudain, il s'immobilise. Le carillon inconnu mais familier tinte en lui en guise d'avertissement. Il a déjà senti cette présence dans sa tête, comme si une tierce personne tentait de communiquer avec lui. C'est une sensation intime, comme s'il y avait une autre moitié de lui quelque part. Un lien privilégié entre elles. Cela ressemble au temps où il était connecté avec Andrew et Steve, en un peu plus profond et personnel. Plus viscéral aussi. Il avait toujours mis cette impression sur le compte de l'imagination. Une sorte d'identité qu'il aurait fabriqué de toutes pièces pour lui donner le sentiment qu'il n'était pas tout seul. Sauf que cette fois, elle est plus intense. Il peut sentir nettement son contour, son aura qui le touche. Et cette fois, elle parle. — Ne fais pas ça. Je sais que tu ne le veux pas réellement. Matt, tu vas le tuer... — Non... Il revient à lui avec effroi en constatant la scène. Il lâche immédiatement sa prise et l'homme chute brutalement au sol en tentant de reprendre son souffle. Oppressé, Matt a la sensation de suffoquer. Horrifié par ce qu'il vient de faire, il se laisse tomber au sol. Dans une supplication muette, il implore Jack de s'en aller. Sans se faire prier, il part sans un regard derrière. — Non, je ne veux pas...être comme toi ... Le contrecoup de la situation est enfin absorbé et la souffrance reprend ses droits. Le sang imprègne presque la totalité de ses vêtements. L'énergie le quitte comme la volonté. Il se laisse glisser et happer par la bête noire qui rode, dans l'attente coutumière des restes. Son corps meurtri reste allongé là de longues heures. Des bribes de conscience l'effleurent, formes floues et informelles qui défilent à la vitesse de l'éclair sous ses paupières closes agitées de soubresauts. Quelques animaux s'intéressent vaguement à lui, reniflant la croûte de sang séché qui se forme. Toutefois, l'arôme inhabituel de ce potentiel repas les rebute et ils quittent rapidement. Sous l'apparente inactivité cependant, l'étincelle brûle. Minuscule flamme qui réchauffe son âme. Il s'accroche à elle, l'agrippe de toutes ses forces. Si l'enveloppe de son corps résiste pour l'instant, il se jure qu'il la retrouvera. Qu'il découvrira d'où provient cette mystérieuse personnalité qui peut ainsi communiquer avec lui. — Andrew, tu es là? Pas de réponse. Andrew? Reviens, je t'en prie... Silence. Ne m'abandonne pas. J'ai peur Andrew. Je suis t-e-r-r-i-f-i-é. Après une pause, il reprend sa litanie solitaire. Quand je regarde derrière, il n'y a que cendres...et devant ce n'est pas tellement mieux. Que cette sensation que j'imagine sûrement. Sa poitrine se soulève avec difficulté au rythme de sa respiration erratique et sifflante. Pourquoi tout ça? Ce pouvoir me répugne. Que trouvais-tu donc de si amusant à l'utiliser? Ce qu'il a fait de toi...Suis-je mauvais aussi? Je ne suis pas...je ne veux pas...être comme toi...Le jour où j'ai...Ce jour-là, j'ai perdu une partie de mon âme. La culpabilité me ronge à chaque instant. Je meurs Andrew. Chaque jour un peu plus. C'est moi qui aurait dû mourir en fait...c'est l'inverse qui aurait dû se produire...Andrew... — ...tu n'as rien compris... prononce celui-ci dans un sifflement dédaigneux. Mais Matt n'entend plus, il a sombré dans l'inconscience. Des pas se font entendre dans la ruelle. Un commerçant vide ses poubelles à quelques pas de la scène qui a eu lieu plus tôt. Une fine pluie commence à tomber. Le marchand s'arrête un instant pour s'étirer. Son dos le fait tellement souffrir ces derniers temps. Lancinant et constant, le mal a pris de l'ampleur au cours des derniers mois. Les médecins lui ont dit qu'il devait faire avec jusqu'à la fin de sa vie. C'était difficilement opérable, les risques des conséquences éventuelles pouvant être pire que son état présent. Et s'il optait quand même pour cette solution, c'était sans compter le coût mirobolant de l'opération...Alors, il supporte. Pas le choix. Un bruit capte son attention et il se fige. En plissant les yeux, il scrute attentivement les alentours. Rien ne bouge hormis quelques feuilles qui flottent dans le vent. Puis, il l'aperçoit. Il songe d'abord à prendre ses jambes à son cou. Il se ravise lorsqu'il remarque qu'il n'y a aucun mouvement chez ce corps qui gît, inerte. Est-il mort? Il regarde nerveusement devant et derrière lui. Il s'apprête finalement à partir, se disant que cela ne le concerne pas. Quelque chose le retient cependant. Comme si une main le guidait et le poussait à s'occuper de ce problème. Excédé, il suit la direction qu'elle lui impose gentiment, mais fermement. En approchant, il constate que c'est un jeune garçon. Peut-être dix-sept ou dix-huit ans, estime-t-il à vue de nez. Il observe ensuite les multiples lacérations, le sang, les blessures sous-jacentes. Troublé, il lui donne un léger coup du revers du pied pour voir s'il réagit. Rien. Il se penche vers lui et prend son pouls. C'est à peine s'il peut sentir le battement sous ses doigts. Matt murmure quelque chose. — Quoi? questionne le vendeur en se rapprochant davantage. — Pardon. Andrew, pardonne-moi, chuchote faiblement Matt. Je suis désolé... L'homme s'interroge sur le motif qui pousse l'adolescent à quémander ainsi l'absolution. Il allait se relever pour chercher de l'aide lorsque Matt pose la main sur son bras. Au début, il ne se passe rien et il se dit que ce n'est qu'un geste quêtant un peu de réconfort. Bien que son corps n'ait pas remué d'un pouce et que ses yeux soient toujours fermés, une sorte de décharge invisible se transfère alors de Matt au commerçant. Celui-ci ressent le courant se délayer en parcourant ses membres. Effrayé, il essaie d'échapper à la poigne de Matt qui accentue sa pression. Le détaillant veut hurler, mais ses lèvres n'obéissent pas et refusent de s'ouvrir. Il peut suivre la trajectoire de l'onde qui le sillonne tout entier. Elle se concentre ensuite à la base de son dos et son mal s'intensifie, s'accroît jusqu'à l'insupportable, avant de refluer par vagues et de disparaître définitivement. Il n'a plus mal. Du tout. — E toku Atua...Nom de Dieu! C'est impossible... débite le marchand ahuri. Il continue de formuler son incrédulité dans une suite de mots sans signification, entremêlant les langues sans s'en rendre compte. Matt expire bruyamment et l'homme maintenant guéri de son mal ne discerne plus la pulsation auparavant présente. Angoissé et inquiet, il court à en perdre l'haleine vers son magasin. Infirmière, sa femme saura quoi faire. Il ne sait pas exactement pourquoi, mais il sait que c'est ce qu'il doit faire. La voix continue de l'accompagner et lui indique que c'est le bon chemin à suivre. Comme si elle avait tout prévu. À son réveil, Matt a l'impression de revenir de très loin. D'avoir hiberné pendant des mois. Il scrute la chambre en cherchant un indice du temps qui a passé. Rien dans la pièce ne peut vraiment l'orienter à ce sujet. En grouillant sur le lit, il sort des couvertures en dévoilant les pansements un peu partout sur son anatomie. Les souvenirs refluent. Il gratte l'un des bandages qui le démange particulièrement. En soulevant le sparadrap, il remarque que la blessure est pratiquement cicatrisée. Confus, il arrache tous les autres pour constater le même résultat. Depuis combien de temps est-il ici? Des semaines? Et pourtant...il entend la musique du festival à travers la fenêtre à demi ouverte. Comment est-ce possible? Quelque chose ne concorde pas. A-t-il tout inventé? se demande-t-il, en portant la main à sa gorge. Il sent sous ses doigts la couche granuleuse qui s'est formée sur la plaie. Il se rassied et une autre pensée vient supplanter celle-ci. Il a fait quelque chose de mal. Il avait promis. Il a brisé les règles qu'il avait lui-même établies. Un flashback de ce moment lui revient en tête. Il forge une ligne de conduite et Steve approuve pendant qu'Andrew ne comprend pas la nécessité de celles-ci. On ne peut plus agir comme s'il n'y avait pas de conséquence. Il faut des règles . Écrire, il doit écrire. Il fouille les tiroirs à la recherche de papiers et de crayons. Une sorte de pacte, d'accord tacite avec lui-même maintenant que plus personne ne peut faire respecter les règles. Loi écrite à ne pas enfreindre. Le souvenir du carillon qui tinte en lui lui apporte une nouvelle motivation. Fébrile et sentant poindre l'urgence d'agir, il griffonne hâtivement tout ce qui lui vient à l'idée. 1- Réfléchir avant d'agir. 2- Pas sur les vivants, jamais sur les vivants. 3- On ne s'en sert pas quand on est énervé. 4- Ne jamais voler, blesser, tuer. 5- Faire le bien uniquement. 6- Laissez le libre arbitre aux autres en tout temps, ne pas décider pour autrui. Il relit attentivement le dernier point. Perplexe, il ne comprend pas pourquoi il a noté cette affirmation. Que voulait-il dire par là? Un bruit à l'étage au-dessous le fait sursauté. Il ferme vivement le cahier de notes et ramasse ses affaires. En bas, un poste de radio diffuse de vieux chant de Noël. La solitude le taraude à nouveau alors qu'il enjambe la fenêtre en contemplant les couleurs vives des lumières qui décorent les maisons avoisinantes. Un sentiment nébuleux naît au creux de son estomac. Dos au mur, il se laisse glisser sur ses genoux. Une larme roule le long de sa joue. Il est seul, il doit l'accepter. De l'autre côté de la lucarne, il entend le grincement de la porte qui s'ouvre. Le marchand entre dans la chambre et est accueilli par la bourrasque engendrée par l'envol de Matt. Au milieu du capharnaüm, un petit feuillet plane. L'homme l'attrape au vol et le déplie. Je suis sincèrement désolé pour les désagréments. Je vous remercie également pour tout. Je regrette simplement de ne pas pouvoir vous retourner ma gratitude adéquatement. Pensif, le commerçant s'accote sur le chambranle de la guillotine. En repensant à l'affliction qui le rongeait, il pose involontairement sa main au creux de son dos soustrait de toute douleur depuis le jour où Matt l'avait soigné. Enfin, la présomption semblait valable bien que farfelue. Il voulait y croire. — Tu l'as déjà largement payé, fiston... résonne dans la nuit les paroles de l'homme maintenant délivré de sa souffrance permanente.[Chapter 6] Australie Fevrier 2013 Matt somnole dans un abri de fortune sous le pont de Rockhampton. Il remue, un long spasme parcourant son corps tendu. Il a encore des cauchemars, il en aura probablement toujours. Il apprend à vivre avec, à se faire à l'idée du poids de ce fardeau permanent. En les apprivoisant lentement, il comprend que c'est une partie indissociable de lui, qu'elle ne s'effacera jamais. C'est ce qu'il est maintenant. La culpabilité, les regrets, le chagrin, la honte sont des sentiments qui le hanteront probablement toute sa vie. S'il a abandonné toute perspective de rédemption, il se concentre dorénavant sur le présent. Il sait qu'il doit être plus fort, qu'il doit reprendre le dessus. Ce pouvoir l'a mis en garde contre le laisser-aller. Il ne peut plus se le permettre. Alors, il vit un jour à la fois, sans chercher à creuser plus loin. Il se réveille chaque matin et gère chaque situation cas par cas. Trouver à manger, travailler, faire l'inventaire de ses ressources, décider de la prochaine destination, se loger, dormir. Il s'accroche comme il peut. Parfois, il a de petites rechutes. L'instant d'après il se rappelle l'écho familier qui résonne continuellement en lui et sa promesse. Il se relève et place désormais tous ses espoirs en l'avenir. Il rêve alors d'un lendemain meilleur, d'un futur plus clément. Un pas à la fois, il s'en rapprochera. Et peut-être qu'un jour... Bhoutan, Asie du Sud Avril 2013 Ce n'est plus très loin maintenant. Il est nerveux et sautille d'un pied à l'autre. Il sait que la confrontation est pour bientôt et qu'il n'est pas prêt. Il sent au fond de lui que ce n'est qu'une question de temps cependant, qu'il doit le faire quoi qu'il lui en coûte. Il a promis. Il continue d'avancer, de persévérer. À défaut de parvenir aux objectifs visés au départ, il le fera pour Andrew. Une fois cette étape franchie, il envisagera quelles attentes réalistes il peut placer dans cet avenir incertain. Il songera aux éventualités qui s'offrent à lui et à ce qu'il peut réellement atteindre comme but. D'ici là, il souhaite ardemment que quelqu'un, quelque part, lui enverra un signe. Une indication, un présage, une piste. N'importe quoi qui l'éclairerait, qui lui permettrait de savoir si un chemin possible a été tracé pour lui. Et plus que tout, ce qui le consume tout entier jour et nuit sans relâche, à savoir s'il a un destin...ou pas. Tibet Juin 2013 Un an déjà. Est-ce possible? se questionne Matt en contemplant le panorama majestueux qui se détaille devant lui. La quiétude des lieux lui procure un profond sentiment d'apaisement malgré le poids accablant dont il est venu se décharger ici. Le blanc de la neige poudreuse estompe le paysage, recouvrant de son manteau opalescent les alentours à des milles à la ronde. Ici, l'impression de pouvoir être purifié semble être accessible. Purger la noirceur qui assombrit son âme paraît envisageable. Une lueur commence à poindre au creux de son coeur et l'espoir émerge, prometteur. L'encourageant à exorciser ce démon qui le hante sans répit depuis si longtemps. Salut Andrew. Déjà un an que tu as quitté ce monde . Après une interminable pause, Matt prend une longue respiration et décide d'être honnête. De conjurer le sort en n'ayant plus peur des mots. Ils déploient leurs ailes et parviennent enfin à franchir la barrière de ses lèvres, émancipés des fers qui les entravaient. Non. Déjà un an que j'ai pris ta vie. Que je t'ai arraché à ton existence, à tes espoirs, tes rêves et tes projets. Mais aussi à ta colère, ta douleur. Il y a un an, j'ai pris la décision de te tuer. L'ai-je vraiment prise? Mon acte était-il justifié? Avais-je le choix? Son regard se perd au-delà de l'étendue blanchâtre qui l'aveugle. Ses idées s'embrouillent. Aurais-je pu faire autrement? Y avait-il une autre option? Tout s'est passé si vite. Qui suis-je pour avoir posé un tel acte? Encore aujourd'hui, je me rejoue la scène. Chaque jour, je la revoie dans les moindres détails. De jour en jour, ils sont plus éblouissants. Je... Un instant de lucidité perce le brouillard dans lequel il s'est empêtré. Il secoue énergiquement la tête en chassant ce qui obscurcit son esprit. Non! J'ai fait ce que je devais faire. Et je ne peux défaire ce qui a été fait. Il hoche à nouveau la tête dans la ferme certitude de cette conviction. Tu me manques Andrew. La souffrance constante me rappelle sans cesse ton absence. Mon crime. Ce meurtre que j'ai commis. Ce que j'ai fait. Ce que je n'aurai pas dû faire et tout ce que je n'ai pas fait. Les larmes roulent sur sa joue, évacuant lentement par la même occasion la forte émotion qui l'envahit. Ponctionnant tout le venin qui distille le sang de son corps pour le purger hors de lui. Au fur et à mesure qu'il progresse dans sa confession, il se sent plus léger. Assaini des impuretés qui infectaient la moindre de ses pensées. Je comprends seulement maintenant, trop tard, que mon manque de volonté et d'implication y est pour quelque chose. J'avais pourtant la tête pleine de projets et de plans pour le futur. Je voulais changer le monde, Andrew. Aujourd'hui, il ne reste plus rien. J'ai étouffé chacun d'entre eux par mon inertie stagnante. Tous, sans exception. Ils sont partis en poussière, libres comme je ne le serai jamais. Au lieu de cela, je demeure seul sans l'ombre d'une ébauche d'un dessein potentiel. Moi, le survivant. Je ne suis personne. Surtout pas un héros, ni même à proximité de l'altruisme que je convoitais tant. Il soupire avant de poursuivre. Pourtant, c'est comme ça. Chaque jour se lève et la routine continue. Néanmoins, je dois avancer. Mettre de côté tout cela. Trouver mon chemin, si toutefois j'en ai encore un. Même si je ne sais pas encore lequel. Je dois au moins essayer. Soudain, il songe à cette autre entité qui partage son esprit. J'aimerais dénicher celui ou celle qui communique avec moi. Je n'ai aucune idée où chercher, ni comment la débusquer. Légèrement débiné, il change de sujet. Il est épuisé après le déballage de cet aveu. Il en a dit plus qu'en une année entière et il est temps d'y mettre un terme. Tu ne me quitteras jamais Andrew. Je te fais une promesse, ici et maintenant. Je vais dorénavant faire le bien, aider comme je peux, améliorer la vie de mon prochain. Il se tait un instant et inspire profondément. Laissant pénétrer la sérénité de l'endroit avant d'expirer bruyamment. Je te demande pardon, Andrew. Immobile, il s'imprègne du silence et tourne ses réflexions vers l'avenir. Ça m'aura pris du temps...mais devine quoi? Tu l'as fait! s'exprime-t-il avec excitation en tournant la caméra vers le temple du monastère qui s'esquisse dans le cadre de l'appareil. Le gong résonne au loin. La boucle est bouclée.[Chapter 7] Quelques semaines plus tard... En quittant le Tibet, Matt a longtemps tergiversé sur sa prochaine destination. Indécis et inquiet quant à son avenir, il n'a toujours aucune réponse. Pas la moindre ombre d'une piste pour l'orienter. A-t-il fait tout cela en vain? S'il a franchi une étape vers une certaine stabilité dans ses pensées, la vulnérabilité de son état n'en reste pas moins un stress permanent. Or, un jour quelqu'un le reconnaîtra. C'est inévitable. Sa photo et les vidéos virales de Seattle n'ont cessé de prendre d'assaut le net et tous les médias existants. Il a pu le constater avant-hier en lisant un entrefilet du journal. Ce n'est plus qu'une question de temps. Quelles options s'offrent à lui? Fuir indéfiniment? Où donc? Jonglant avec ces questions obsédantes, Matt fait l'inventaire de son sac. Il a réussi à se vêtir plus convenablement, c'est déjà une bonne chose. Sans être impeccable, il fait plus attention depuis l'incident de la ruelle. Encore une fois, il se demande comment les choses auraient tourné sans l'intervention de la mystérieuse voix. D'autres détails le tourmentent également. Ses souvenirs sont vagues et flous, toutefois il se rappelle avoir fait quelque chose dans l'esprit de Jack. Et quelque chose aussi à l'homme qui l'a sauvé ensuite. Mais quoi? Chaque fois qu'il essaie de s'en souvenir avec plus de clarté, son esprit se rebelle et un mal de tête commence à lui marteler les tempes. Pourtant, il doit savoir. Il a touché quelque chose cette journée-là chez Jack, effleuré subrepticement une zone précise du commerçant de la même manière pour ensuite...Une douleur aiguë au talon droit interrompt brutalement son dialogue interne. Il lève le pied pour regarder sous sa semelle passablement élimée. Un caillou a perforé sa chaussure d'un trou d'environ un demi-pouce. Il l'enlève et la secoue pour faire sortir l'indésirable intrus. Tout en se frottant le talon douloureux, il se dit qu'une nouvelle paire ne serait pas du luxe. Il lui reste bien quelques dollars en poche. Il regarde autour de lui et se demande si le risque en vaut la récompense. Au nombre de kilomètres que ses pieds avalent, il se dit que oui. L'entreprise devrait être simple. Tu entres, tu prends les souliers, paies et ressors, se dit-il. Pas sorcier, non? Il s'élève et se dirige vers la ville la plus près. Il se pose avec soin dans un endroit discret. Il attend un moment et tout semble tranquille. Il ressort de l'autre côté de la rue et boîte donc lentement vers la première boutique qu'il croise. Le carillon tinte joyeusement lorsqu'il ouvre la porte du commerce. Le caissier lui fait un signe de tête poli auquel il répond. Tout en repérant la section des souliers, il sent la sueur lui perler le long du dos. Heureusement, l'allée est déserte. Il s'empresse de prendre ce qu'il est venu chercher et attache solidement les lacets de son nouvel achat. Nerveux, il prépare son argent en marchant vers la caisse. Le préposé au comptoir lui tend sa monnaie et son reçu quand le sol se met à gronder. Ça ne dure pas plus de quelques secondes, juste assez pour que le malaise s'installe. Déconcertés, ils échangent un regard lorsque le phénomène se répète. La sensation est désagréablement nette et le ciment tremble sous leurs pieds. '' – Mais qu'est-ce que...? bredouille le vendeur. À peine ces mots pénètrent-ils l'esprit de Matt qu'il aperçoit le plafond se lézarder dans un craquement sinistre. La fissure s'élargit au-dessus de leurs têtes juste avant de se rompre soudainement. Sans réfléchir, Matt visualise instinctivement le dôme autour d'eux et celui-ci se matérialise aussitôt. Les poutres chutent et le crépitement assourdissant du bois qui se fend sur la bulle protectrice les oblige à se couvrir les oreilles de leurs mains. Accroupis, ils attendent que la pluie de planches brisées cessent. Lorsqu'ils se relèvent enfin, il ne reste plus rien de la boutique hormis le bleu caractéristique du bouclier de Matt qui scintille avec intensité. Sentant sa nuque le picoter, il se retourne lentement. Un petit attroupement s'est formé dans la rue. Leur peur momentanément oubliée devant l'incrédibilité de ce qu'il voit. Ça ne devait être qu'un simple arrêt , a-t-il tout juste le temps de penser avant que le sol ne vibre à nouveau. Et cette fois-ci, il ne devait plus s'arrêter avant un moment interminable et l'horreur de cette journée perdurerait bien longtemps après la fin de cette catastrophe. Les hurlements reprirent et retentirent de partout en même temps. La poussière soulevée par le séisme était tenace et pénétrait profondément dans les voies respiratoires. Les cris et les quintes de toux étaient partiellement effacés par le vagissement guttural de la déchirure de l'écorce terrestre. – Tremblement de terre! s'époumonait quelqu'un qui courait dans la rue en se tirant les cheveux, le regard fou.'' Matt tenta d'y voir quelque chose, le chaos et l'anarchie avaient fait place dans la rue. On tentait de s'accrocher à ce que l'on pouvait, d'autres priaient ou pleuraient simplement. À genoux, couchés par terre, dans les bras d'un être aimé ou d'un parfait inconnu. Aucune loi ni tabou n'avait plus cours ici. Que la sauvage et primitive peur de l'homme sans défense. La fragilité de la vie et d'une furtive seconde écoulée, dans laquelle tout peut basculer. Paralysé par cette abomination, Matt regardait, impuissant, les édifices s'écrouler autour de lui. Il n'avait pas le pouvoir d'arrêter ce cataclysme. Il n'avait pas le pouvoir de protéger tous ces gens. Plus les pleurs et les hurlements s'intensifiaient, plus il sentait sa colère sourdre violemment sous sa peau. Il absorbait la terreur de tous sans pouvoir rien y changer. Bouillonnante, sa fureur palpitait à ses tempes. Le destin n'en aurait-il jamais terminé avec lui? Quelque part au fond de cet enfer, un écho retentit dans la rue. Comme si elle lui répondait, la terre produisit un bruissement infernal et le bitume se souleva en son milieu. Deux voitures furent happées par la déchirure ainsi engendrée. Tout ce qui suivit se déroula dans une rapidité effarante et quand il se remémorerait cet instant, il n'y aurait que la résonance des cris et l'effroi qu'il avait ressenti. À moins que ce ne soit celle des habitants. Il n'en était plus certain. Toutefois, quand la route continua d'avaler aveuglément tout ce qu'il y avait sur son passage, Matt attrapa tous ceux qu'il pouvait près de lui et les fit reculer par une ligne de démarcation luminescente qu'il attacha d'un bout à l'autre des deux côtés du boulevard. C'était un peu comme l'arc azuré de son bouclier, mais légèrement différend. Plus vaste, plus défini. Il ne prit pas le temps d'y penser, il aurait peut-être le temps plus tard. Pour l'instant, la ville continuait de trembler sous le coup du séisme et une maison implosa à droite d'où était naguère la boutique où il était entré pour acheter une simple paire de souliers. La charpente menaçait de fendre le crâne de ceux qui s'étaient abrités en dessous. Il propulsa son dôme juste à temps, soutenant les fragments assez longtemps pour qu'ils puissent se dégager. Avec un cri d'effort, Matt les souleva ensuite et les projeta plus loin, sans danger. Il fit léviter un enfant qui tentait imprudemment de rejoindre sa mère de l'autre côté du ravin. Lorsque le précipice, affamé, réclama d'autres âmes dans son antre meurtrier, Matt déploya une sorte de lasso mental et les fit remonter quand il n'en attrapait pas au vol lui-même. Il ne réfléchissait pas à ce qu'il faisait. Le monstre attaquait, il réagissait aussitôt. Le temps cessa d'être une notion précise pour revêtir le brouillard flou d'un rêve éphémère à demi perdu. Il travailla comme ça d'arrache-pied sans penser à demain ni aux conséquences. L'aurait-il fait, l'espace d'un bref instant, que cela n'aurait probablement pas eu d'importance de toute façon. Le seul fait notable qu'il se souviendrait serait leurs regards, l'expression qu'il lisait dans leurs yeux. Un cauchemar d'hystérie et de panique qui ne semblait jamais vouloir finir. Cependant, le présent commence à réclamer ses droits. Il ne sent plus son corps et commence à avoir de la misère à se concentrer. Peu à peu, la douleur reflue dans ses membres. Un sentiment confus de patauger dans un liquide gluant et collant. Le silence inquiétant qui l'étouffe. Peu à peu, le sol cesse de trembler. Les secousses sont terminées, le fléau naturel a achever son oeuvre. Mais quelque part, elle n'a pas dit son dernier mot. Comme pour souligner l'inutilité de ce qu'il a accompli, un horrible craquement se répercute au fond de la rue, aussitôt repris en chaîne tel un crescendo qui descend la rue. Un sifflement bestial provenant des profondeurs noires de la terre cracha un nuage épais de fumée âcre. La foule retient son souffle dans l'avenue maintenant trop calme. Tout à coup, sans autre avertissement, le trois-quarts des habitations, commerces et autres fondations gémissent et s'effondrent de part et d'autre sur tous les gens qu'ils vient de sauver. Une barrière, il doit former une barrière, vite! Il n'en a jamais fait de si grande. Étourdi, son pied glisse dans la substance poisseuse et écarlate qui adhère à ses chaussures. Surpris et déséquilibré, il ne comprend pas. Peu importe, il n'a pas le temps. Il reprend son équilibre et réajuste son angle de visée. Le dôme commence à se former. Beaucoup trop lentement. Tout son être proteste sauvagement à l'élargissement extrême de son élastique mental. Des débris tombent en s'échappant de la barrière naissante aux pieds des personnes à quelques mètres à sa gauche. Ce n'est pas assez efficace. Et il ne pourra la soutenir indéfiniment. Que faire d'autre? La panique le gagne. Le sang coule et tombe par goutte rejoindre la mare à ses pieds. Il ne réussira pas. Pour que ça marche, il faudrait...tout emporté. D'un coup. Comme un vent transversal vers la plaine à l'est où il n'y a personne à blesser. Il le visualise très bien. Avant de savoir ce qu'il fait, la bourrasque pénètre dans la ruelle. La pression atroce dans sa tête est proportionnelle à l'intensité de la rafale qui augmente en force. Tout son corps tremble sous la tension. Visualise, c'est tout. Et oublie tout le reste . Un puissant tourbillon se forme au milieu de la tranchée béante et tous les fragments se font éjecter en large salve à l'est. Il hurle alors qu'il sent la déchirure dans son corps, sa vision se brouille. Le bourdonnement dans ses oreilles est insupportable. Je ne réussirai pas . Il tombe à quatre pattes et le liquide chaud gicle autour de lui en l'aspergeant. Il se concentre une dernière fois. Les hurlements ont repris, il les entend comme s'ils venaient de très, très loin. L'élastique se rompt soudainement et l'obscurité envahit son champ de vision. N'ai...plus...la force. Et il sombre dans le néant.[Chapter 8] Dans son rêve, Andrew court sur le bord de la plage. Il entrevoit le filet de lumière qui tombe doucement sur la colline et le rouge flamboyant du cerf-volant dans le ciel. Ils ont neuf ans. Et il se souvient très bien de cet été-là. '' – Tu vas nous faire chavirer, espèce d'idiot! Il sent le canot tanguer dangereusement puis la fraîcheur de l'eau qui l'immerge entièrement. Il se laisse couler au fond de l'eau, sans résister. Jusqu'à ce que sa respiration ne le lui permette plus. Et alors seulement, il remontera à la surface. Ou peut-être qu'à cet instant-là, il restera sous l'eau encore un moment. Juste un peu. Et encore un peu... Le souvenir s'estompe à mesure que la lumière éblouissante s'infiltre sous ses paupières qui lui semblent transpercées par des milliers d'aiguilles. Il n'est pas au lac, ni dans l'eau. Il baigne dans son propre sang. Seul au milieu des restes fumants du cataclysme. Autour de lui, il n'y a plus qu'une large plaine rase, comme si les mains d'un géant avaient balayé toutes les maisons au loin. Il n'y a plus aucune structure, aucun bâtiment. Rien. Le vide total. Est-ce que...? En remuant, il constate qu'il n'est pas totalement seul finalement. Des gens marchent autour de lui en se tenant à une bonne distance respectueuse. Tentant de récupérer des objets d'une ancienne vie, se serrant les uns contre les autres, pleurant silencieusement. Comme s'il n'existait pas. Il tente de se relever, glisse sur la flaque de sang et retombe lourdement. Aucun de ses membres ne souhaite répondre à ses indications. Indisponible, rappelé plus tard, merci. Il tente de ramper maladroitement et ne parvient qu'à raviver la souffrance presque intolérable dans sa tête et son corps. Et partout, lorsqu'il lève la tête, ce regard. Il voudrait demander de l'aide. Ou de l'eau. Oui, juste un peu d'eau. Sa gorge en feu et ses poumons imprégnés de cendres et de poussières souhaiterait bien un peu de fraîcheur. À quoi bon? Les chuchotements lui parviennent alors que son ouïe revient légèrement à la normale. Et il saisit très bien ce qu'ils disent. Et ce qu'ils pensent . Ce quil pensent? Bon sang, ce que tu es long à la détente, Matt. Fiche-moi la paix! En grognant, il tente de se relever sans succès. Le monde entier t'a vu, cette soirée-là, il y a un an. Te tenir à côté d'Andrew qui blessait des gens, qui détruisait tout. Ensuite, le monde entier t'a vu tuer Andrew. Comment espérer être accepté par eux? Comment leur expliquer ce qui s'est passé, qu'ils n'ont rien à craindre de lui? Est-ce vraiment le cas? Et même s'il pouvait s'exprimer, il n'a jamais été doué pour ça. C'était Steve le brillant orateur, sauf que maintenant il ne pourra jamais plus parler. Il se sent tellement faible et il a de la difficulté à respirer. Ça y est, cette fois on va l'attraper pour de bon. Et il ne pourra rien y faire. Peut-être que tout cela doit cesser et que c'est mieux ainsi. Des larmes glissent sur ses joues et une sombre émotion refoulée remonte à la surface. Ne l'écoute pas, fais-là taire! Soudain, il entend des pas. Sent la foulée régulière et déterminée qui se dirige vers lui. Il doit s'envoler. Lève-toi! Il se lève, chancelle, s'élève de quelques centimètres, puis s'écroule lamentablement. Encore. Debout ! Quelques centimètres et encore l'échec. Les pas se rapprochent. Vulnérable, il se roule en boule. Protection futile et dérisoire, mais c'est tout ce qu'il peut faire. L'étau dans sa tête se resserre et l'élance. La silhouette est au-dessus de lui maintenant. C'est la fin . Il sent dans un même temps une chaleur cuisante opérée sous sa peau, une brûlure foudroyante qui se propage dans tout son système nerveux. Qu'est-ce que...? – Eh! aboie l'ombre. Toi! Elle se penche en avançant brusquement les mains vers lui et Matt place ses bras autour de sa tête, croyant qu'il allait le frapper ou je ne sais quoi. L'homme suspend son geste...et lance un juron. La respiration de Matt s'accélère. Le feu ardent le consume dans un frisson incontrôlable. Étrangement, ça ne l'inquiète pas. Bien que douloureuses, les braises intérieures ne semblent pas lui vouloir de mal. Au contraire, elles le rassurent. Et il sent qu'il récupère lentement, très lentement. – Tout doux, fils. Je ne vais pas te faire de mal. Doucement. Calme-toi. Seigneur, est-ce que ça va? Matt, encore sous l'emprise du brasier incendiaire en lui peine à déchiffrer les paroles et recule. Il prend appui sur son bras, celui-ci lui fait faux bond et il s'affale à nouveau. – Eh! Là! Arrête, tu vas te blesser davantage. Bordel! tonne son interlocuteur d'une voix bourrue en se passant la main dans les cheveux. Y'a pas quelqu'un qui ait des pansements? De l'eau...quelque chose ...! crie-t-il à la ronde en gesticulant pitoyablement. C'est pas humain...! dit-il en se retournant pour le regarder . Matt se recroqueville à ce verdict. L'homme secoue la tête. Non, pas toi garçon. Subir de telles blessures, faire ce que tu as fait. Je veux dire...enfin, ça...et tout ce sang... Inquiet, l'inconnu se positionne sur un genou et fouille dans sa poche arrière. Matt se déplace encore vers l'arrière et baragouine quelque chose. L'étranger hoche la tête, désespéré. Il tend le bras, mais Matt secoue la tête, effrayé. – Bon sang de bois, qu'est-ce qu'on a bien pu te faire? Matt baisse le regard vers le sol. Que lui veut-il? Le bourdonnement dans ses oreilles l'empêche d'entendre clairement tout ce qu'il lui dit. L'homme continue de converser et ramène sa main devant en agitant une bouteille d'eau. Elle est presque vide, il la roule tout de même vers lui. – De l'eau, ce n'est que de l'eau fiston... Hésitant, Matt lève le regard vers l'étranger. Il ne sait pas si c'est parce que tout son être en a besoin, toutefois il lui inspire confiance. Il avance lentement, puis prend la bouteille. À ce moment, les murmures recommencent. Diffus et lointain, cependant assez fort pour que la bulle éclate et l'affolement revient au galop. Tous les regards convergent vers lui. DEs doigts poinés dans sa direction. Hostiles. L'urgence d'agir palpite dans son estomac. Cela ne cessera-t-il jamais? Il les a tout de même aidés. Non? Alors, pourquoi? Une idée dérangeante a commencé à s'infiltrer dans son esprit depuis son réveil. Et s'il avait provoqué le tremblement de terre? Et s 'ils le pensaient aussi? Matt se dégage et recule brusquement. L'énergie revient, elle l'embrase à travers chaque nerf qui le parcourt. En très faible quantité, assez par contre pour déguerpir. Il ne comprend pas très bien le principe, mais il peut la sentir frémir sous sa peau. Ça démange, ça gratte sous l'épiderme. Une impression semblable à des fourmillements. – N'approchez pas! Je détruis tout ce que je touche...Restez où vous êtes. Je dois partir...maintenant, débite-t-il d'une traite. – Balivernes! Je n'y crois pas une seule seconde! proteste l'homme. – ...mais eux, c'est ce qu'ils pensent...et penseront de vous aussi si vous m'aidez.'' L'homme se retourne et prend enfin conscience de la foule. Matt profite de cette distraction pour concentrer tous ses efforts...et s'envole brutalement. Sa trajectoire est erratique, il réussit tout de même à faire quelques kilomètres avant de s'écraser dans un vaste champ de blé apparemment désert. Il se traîne sur une courte distance jusqu'à ce que ses dernières forces se dispersent. Incapable du moindre mouvement, il reste allongé sur le sol. Ils luttent pour garder les yeux ouverts, mais la fatigue est plus forte. Il s'enfonce dans les brumes du sommeil alors que le soleil décline à l'horizon.[Chapter 9] De petits coups rapides sur son épaule le réveillent en sursaut. Où est-il? Depuis combien de temps? Quand? Comment? Et la mémoire, implacable, se fait une joie de lui détailler le parce que du pourquoi . L'habituelle rengaine, quoi. Sa vie n'est-elle donc qu'une longue succession de noirceur et de réveil sans fin? De questions sans réponse? A-t-il réellement emporté toute la rue à la fin du tremblement de terre? Qu'est-ce que c'était que cet incendie intérieur qui le rongeait tout entier? Et plus important que tout, a-t-il déclenché le séisme? Quelles étaient les chances réelles que cela se produise au même moment où il s'arrêtait dans ce village? Il gratte la terre de ses doigts engourdis, remue les orteils. Ses jambes lui répondent lentement. Il tente de s'asseoir malgré le tournis qui accompagne son geste. Il se sent nauséeux, toutefois la souffrance est reléguée en deuxième plan, plus ténue que tantôt. Il tâte son cou raidi et agite les bras. Dans un petit instant, tout devrait fonctionner. Il décidera alors de ce qu'il convient de faire. La direction de la suite des choses pourrait prendre un tournant décisif s'il est l'auteur du désastre. Il n'y aura pas trente-six choix. Il n'y en aura qu'un seul. Il se frotte vigoureusement les joues et aperçoit le petit animal qui pose les pattes sur sa cuisse. '' – Alors, c'était toi tout à l'heure? Je t'ai fait peur, j'aimgine? Les oreilles poilues s'écartent furtivement, comme s'ils parlaient la même langue. Matt tente de l'amadouer et curieusement le petit rongeur se laisse flatter. Il a la drôle d'impression qu'il le comprend. N'importe quoi, il secoue la tête pour disperser ses théories farfelues. Si la douleur qui lui vrillait les tempes a presque disparu, il se sent complètement las, perdu, en dehors du temps, livré à lui-même depuis trop longtemps et la sempiternelle faim se fait cruellement sentir. – Tu ne saurais pas où aller toi, dis donc? La petite bête agite vivement la queue et remue son museau. Elle pose de nouveau sa maigre patte sur sa jambe et file vers un petit chemin entre les plantations. Elle revient sur ses traces et reprend le même trajet. Matt se lève péniblement en frottant ses jeans poussiéreux. Au point où il en est, il peut bien suivre n'importe quelle direction. Il longe lentement le sentier qui se poursuit sur une dizaine de mètres avant de déboucher sur un immense verger. Le temps est agréablement frais sur sa peau à vif et l'humidité de la terre dégage un parfum sucré et épicé. La bestiole trottine joyeusement entre les arbres. Elle s'arrête à un endroit où le sol est jonché de pommes pourries et en tapote une de ses petites griffes. Sers-toi, semble-t-elle dire. Ironique. Matt laisse échapper un rire nerveux. Voilà, j'en suis réduit à déblatérer avec des rongeurs et à croire qu'ils puissent me guider. Tu es pathétique, Matt. Il jette un regard circulaire et inspecte les alentours. S'il y a autant de pommiers ici, il doit y avoir une habitation pas loin. Et des gens. Je ne devrais pas trop traîner ici . Son regard accroche les branches au-dessus de sa tête qui ploient sous la charge des fruits. Je ne volerai pas. Son estomac gronde furieusement, proteste avec indignation. Non, je ne le ferai pas. L'odeur doucereuse l'étourdi, l'enveloppe dans une chape suffocante. Une seule . Personne ne le saura. Si, moi je le saurai . Laisse de l'argent. Je n'en ai plus. Ce n'est qu'une putain de pomme, crétin! Sa main se tend déjà et son délicat monologue s'émousse. Après tout ce que tu as fait de mal, une pomme de plus ou de moins dans le tas... Alors qu'un vertige le saisit, il sent ses jambes faiblirent et quelques secondes plus tard, elles refusent de le supporter davantage. Il chute durement sur le terrain humide et la pomme roule sur le sol à une dizaine de mètres de lui. À travers une semi-conscience, une voix qu'il a déjà entendue auparavant lui parvient. – Bon sang de bois, c'est toi fils? SAMANTHA! Ne bouge pas. Je te l'interdis, tu m'entends? SAM! Reste avec moi petit. Si c'est pas le destin ça, je sais pas ce que c'est! Le reste se perd dans le brouillard et le néant dangereusement familier le drape de ses ailes ténébreuses. Un lit douillet. Une couverture douce sous les doigts et chaude. Un feu de bois apaisant qui ronfle doucement. Des odeurs de l'enfance qui planent dans l'air. Des voix amicales et une douce mélodie chantée près de son oreille. Le néant complaisant à nouveau. Il crie dans le noir, agrippe les draps de toutes ses forces. Il s'agite et se débat. La lumière du matin qui papillote au coin de ses paupières trop faibles pour s'ouvrir. Des bruits coutumiers quelque part dans la maison. Tout se mélange et s'entremêle. Souvenirs ou réalité? Le son d'animaux qui s'ébrouent dans la cour. Tout lui parvient à travers un voile brumeux. La noirceur revient et les terribles cauchemars aussi. Les pleurs envahissent sa gorge sèche comme du parchemin rugueux. Des petits pas rapides dans l'escalier et de minces bras qui l'enlacent, le réconfortent et le bercent. Chut. C'est fini, tout va bien. Mais tout recommence le lendemain. C'est ça le véritable cauchemar et de ne pas pouvoir s'en émanciper. Le rayonnement du soleil, le raffut en bas, les effluves qui embaument, l'obscurité, les rêves qui le happent aux coeurs des ténèbres et ainsi de suite. Une enfilade de sensations qui s'enchaînent sans repères de temps ni d'espace. Il flotte entre elles, inapte à en modifier le cours. Englué dans cette substance écoeurante qui le maintient solidement, chacun de ses mouvements lui semble décalé, entravé. Cet état apathique où il n'arrive pas à rejoindre la surface lui comprime la poitrine, son coeur s'emballe. Hurlements aux heures les plus sombres de la nuit, une main dans ses cheveux, un baiser sur son front. La voix s'égrène lentement et parvient à se glisser jusqu'à lui. Elle le hisse péniblement vers la lumière, le calme réintègre son corps peu à peu. Il s'accroche à elle. De toutes ses forces. De toute son âme. Épuisé, les sanglots s'estompent et il se rendort. Lorsqu'il reprend pleinement conscience, aucun indice ne lui permet d'évaluer le temps écoulé. Le soleil inonde chaleureusement la chambre. La fenêtre est ouverte et le vent pénètre en laissant flotter un relent de basse-cour. Il porte un pyjama confortable trop grand et a l'impression d'émerger de l'éternité elle-même. Après tout ce temps dans les affres, la pièce lui paraît irréelle. Il balance les jambes et fait mouliner ses bras pour se dégager de leur léthargie pesante. Il se sent alangui, faible et désorienté. Mais bien. Pas de douleurs, pas d'étau qui lui étreint le coeur ou la tête. Il avise des vêtements sur la chaise près de son lit. Le plancher craque sous ses pas. Il s'arrête et écoute. Des pas étouffés dans le couloir, quelqu'un sait qu'il est réveillé. En état d'alerte, il cherche une issue. Plus de temps, la porte s'ouvre à la volée. Il fait un pas en arrière, percute le montant du lit et s'enfonce dans les oreillers. – Doucement! tempête l'homme d'une voix autoritaire. Tu ne partiras pas cette fois. Hors de question ! Matt se replie sous la véhémence de l'ordre. Peut-être davantage à cause de la présence imposante de l'homme et de sa voix qui le traverse tout entier que sous l'effet de la peur. Le fermier soupire bruyamment. Patience, amour et douceur , avait dit Samantha en souriant. Elle l'avait pincé comme pour le narguer. Il n'avait jamais été bon à ce jeu-là. Certes, autrefois ils avaient longuement discuté à propos d'avoir des enfants. Ils en avaient caressé l'espoir, tiré des projets jusqu'à tard le soir après chaque essai, avaient retenu leur souffle en attendant chaque résultat. Au fil des tentatives, la réponse s'était toujours avérée négative. Puis, un jour, ils avaient simplement cessé d'attendre ce qui ne viendrait jamais. Sans le dire vraiment, il avait souvent douté qu'il puisse être un bon père. Et quand ses yeux se posèrent sur Matt, c'est de la colère qu'il ressentit. Il ne savait pas comment s'y prendre, quoi faire de ce gosse qui ne semblait pas savoir non plus ce qu'il faisait. Il ne savait pas ce qu'il avait subi ou enduré, ni comment l'aider. Sauf que le gamin était là maintenant. Et qu'il n'avait pas l'intention de le laisser partir pour l'instant. Il prit une respiration pour se calmer. – Écoute petit, je suis parfois un peu bourru, une vieille bourrique comme la femme se plaît à le dire. Mais je ne te ferai aucun mal, rentre-toi ça dans le crâne. Jamais. Est-ce clair? Maintenant, discute pas et viens manger. Il quitte d'un pas lourd, comme il est venu. Indécis, Matt retombe sur les oreillers. A-t-il le choix? Son ventre béant ne lui permettra pas de faire la route où que ce soit sans carburant au préalable. Un instant, il songe qu'il y a tellement de choses qu'il se croyait incapable de faire et pourtant...Après tout, que peut-il survenir? Il prendra un repas, se débarbouillera un peu, les remerciera et partira. Comme il l'a toujours fait. Il descend donc précautionneusement et au bas des marches lance un regard en biais dans la salle à manger. La table est mise et des arômes alléchants s'en échappent. Ça lui retourne l'estomac tellement la dernière fois qu'il a mangé lui paraît venir d'une autre vie. Des éclats de voix à la cuisine le font sursauter, un rire féminin cascade dans la pièce et l'invite gentiment à prendre place. – Viens t'asseoir, aller! Dépêche-toi! Pendant que la femme sert les plats en babillant, le cultivateur place les boissons autour des assiettes. Un instant de panique reflue, il y a si longtemps qu'il n'a pas mangé à une table. Avec des personnes vivantes. Et des ustensiles. La tête lui tourne et il se sent oppressé par ces choses simples. L'homme frappe la table de son gros poing, sortant Matt de sa torpeur. – Ben mange, bon dieu! Il aperçoit le regard sous-entendu de la femme et palpe maladroitement sa fourchette. Il ne s'est jamais senti si petit et cependant, il ne se sent pas menacé. C'est autre chose. Il baisse la tête et commence à manger. Un silence gênant s'installe pendant le repas. Et soudain, l'épouse lance une blague en l'air, les mots restent suspendus quelques secondes. Et son mari éclate de rire. Matt esquisse un sourire. La conversation se poursuit, chassant le malaise d'un coup de balai. Matt parle peu, mais écoute distraitement. Il a perdu l'habitude de soutenir des échanges, il se laisse bercer par le timbre agréable des voix. La chaleur de la pièce est réconfortante et les cliquetis réguliers des couverts le ramènent dans un univers proche de la normalité. Ou ce qui autrefois le fût entoucas. Bientôt, sa tête dodeline et il peine à garder les yeux ouverts. L'homme débarrasse la table et elle le prend par le bras. Matt se laisse faire et il obéit à ses demandes. Il monte l'escalier, se change, se glisse dans le lit et elle vient le border, comme un enfant. Cette nuit-là, il dort bien pour la première fois. Quelque part au fond de lui, il sait par contre que ça ne peut durer. Que ce n'est qu'un bref interlude éphémère dans une suite illogique de temps et d'anarchie. Sauf qu'il a envie de rester, un peu. Encore un peu... Un jour. Un seul. Ou peut-être deux. Et après on verra. Il décidera demain matin. Oui, demain. Il n'est pas parti cette journée-là. Ni le lendemain, ni après. Les jours se sont succédé, jusqu'à ce qu'à un moment, il cesse de les compter. Ils se sont tout naturellement enfilés, sans accroc ni objection. Aux premières lueurs du matin, l'homme est simplement apparu sur le seuil de sa chambre en lui lançant des vêtements de rechange. – Tant qu'à être ici sans rien faire, viens te rendre utile en attendant fils...'' Nathan, car c'était son nom, lui a fait faire le tour de la ferme. Ce n'était pas quelqu'un de très bavard, mais ça lui allait parfaitement. Matt ne comptait pas rester et ne tenait pas à s'attacher à quoi que ce soit. Nathan lui a montré les poulaillers, l'écurie, le jardin de Samantha, la réserve à outils et la machinerie nécessaire à l'exploitation du domaine. Il lui a parlé de Samantha, du jour où il l'a rencontré et du verger. Leur bavardage n'allait pas au-delà de ça, restait dans une zone sécuritaire où le futur et toute émotion étaient oblitérés. N'avait d'importance dans cet univers que le jour en cours. Une routine s'installa à leur insu où chacun avait sa place et faisait ce qu'il avait à faire sans poser de questions. La journée débutait aux aurores avec un copieux déjeuner, on défrichait la terre, apportait la nourriture aux animaux, ensemençait le jardin, cueillait lorsque c'était le temps. Les travaux dans les champs se terminaient tard et on se restaurait après le dur labeur qui le laissait exténué. Cet état amorphe avait quelque chose de paisible et de libérateur. Il évacuait son histoire, effaçait les questions, les réponses possibles, les doutes, la peur. La ferme devint peu à peu un substitut de son bouclier protecteur. Et c'est ainsi qu'il se sentait chez les Mattheson. Protégé, soustrait du monde et du poids du passé. Il s'abandonnait sans contrainte. Un soir, après le souper Nathan choisit un disque et le plaça sur l'antique tourne-disque. La musique s'éleva, éthérée et gracieuse dans le salon où le feu somnolait paresseusement en crépitant. Nathan invita Sam de la main et elle accepta de le rejoindre en pouffant comme une adolescente. Matt, assis dans le fauteuil sous une couverture de laine, les observa longuement. Il remarqua les fils d'argent dans les cheveux de Sam, la bonté de son sourire, les pas gauches de Nathan, sa stature imposante tranchant de ses gestes tendres. Ça n'avait rien d'exceptionnel en soi. Que le cours naturel de la vie. Un couple qui s'aimait, une chanson parsemant de ses notes joyeuses un soir d'été, deux mains entrelacées de leur affection mutuelle. Non, rien d'extraordinaire. Sauf que Matt avait l'impression d'en faire partie. De cette maison, de leur existence, de la vie elle-même dans sa plus simple expression. D'exister. Voilà qui changeait tout, il avait le coeur léger. Une maison? Non. Signe de partir? Il ne se fait pas d'illusions, s'attarder ne rendra le départ que plus difficile. Et pourtant, il soupesait pour la première fois l'idée de rester. Cette nuit-là, Matt resta très, très longtemps éveillé, aux prises avec son déchirant dilemme. ","Summary":" Désert des Mojaves, Arizona Juin 2012 1 semaine apres Seattle Fond d'écran noir. Grognements partie"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Kryptonite","Author":"jaa162","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7861634","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Prologue (Recorded at 3:15 pm, March 16 2016) \" I would love to see a young girl go out and grab the world by the lapels. Life's a bitch. You've got to go out and kick ass.\" -Maya Angelou That has been my life's motto since I was 10 years old. Until now, that is. Everything changed when my cousin, Steve, and our friends, Andrew and Matt, found that weird hole in the ground, and got superpowers. It was cool at first, but then, everything went to hell. It all happened so fast that sometimes I can only remember flashes of it all. Thank goodness for Andrew's camera, or I wouldn't have even believed it had happened at all. I was behind the camera most of the time, watching it all unfold, like an audience in a movie theater. But now I think it's time to tell my side of the story, the one that no one knows about. It was mainly Matt's idea to erase me from all of the footage, so that I could go on with a normal life, but life, especially mine, has never been normal. AN: I loved Chronicle, it was so original and not corny or lame. I saw this at the movies, and I'm currently trying to track down the movie script to help me along with this story. But for now, I'm using YouTube and Wikipedia as references.[Chapter 2] Chapter 1 -The Hole \"Steve, that girl, Moesha, Tequila, or whatever, is calling…again,\" I said in an irritated voice as I knocked on his bedroom door. It was almost time to go to school, but Steve's girlfriend, or ex-girlfriend since he had so many that I could never keep up, was once again calling our house. Being was great for him and all, but not for me, since I usually had to deal with all of his exes and/or admirers whenever they called or stalked him at school. Steve opened the door slightly and whispered, \"Tell her I'm not here. No, tell her…that I moved to Canada. And died.\" I rolled my eyes. \"Really Steve? How are you going to explain that to whatshername when she sees you in school today?\" He shrugged, \"I'll just tell her that I came back from the dead. Then, maybe she'll freak out enough to leave me alone.\" I just scoffed at him and hung up the phone. \"Steve, you really have to do something about all these girls. I'm not your freaking secretary.\" \"Yeah, but, Mel, you're my cousin. You're supposed to help me out,\" Steve said as he finished putting on his shirt and walked downstairs. I followed out the door with an armful of \"Vote for Steve!\" flyers and posters. Steve and I were more than cousins, more like brother and sister. I had been living with his family since the 9/11 attacks that killed my mother and caused my father to deploy overseas to Afganistan. Now, he was living in Germany with his new fiancée and her two kids. I only visited him during the summer and winter breaks, but Skyped him twice a week since we were planning on him coming over for my graduation. I snapped out of my thoughts when my uncle dropped us off at school since Steve's car was still in the shop. We had took it for a late-night joy ride a week ago, and we ended up crashing it into a neighbor's mail box on the way back home. Luckily, we were okay, but by the next morning, our ears were still ringing from all of the screaming from BOTH of our dads. I handed Steve his stuff and disappeared into the crowd before he could ask me to hand them out. He had enough groupies as it is; he could get some of them to do it. Right when I turned a corner, I heard laughing and a camera, like the kind they use on tv and movies, slide right past my feet. I picked it up since it looked relatively new. I checked it for any damage and noticed Andrew Detmer walk up to me. \"Is this yours?\" I asked. \"Yeah, thanks. Those guys took it from me.\" He took the camera and I shivered slightly when our hands touched for a brief minute. \"Are you okay?\" I asked as I began to open my locker and take out my Pre-Cal textbook. \"Yeah, we're good,\" Andrew replied as he checked his camera again. Xxx Even though Steve is cousin and all, I don't have that many friends. After my mother's death and my father being gone all the time, I sort of shut down emotionally. Then, I was tramatized when a substitute teacher locked me in the bathroom in 4th grade. Since then, I had always had this tantalizing fear of the dark. It had gotten better since I had been to therapy and all. Casey Letter was one of the few people who knew that. She was someone who I could call a \"good friend\". She was always bubbly and perky, but smarter than the rest of the bimbos at this school. We took Video Communications together, and I was helping her with her online blog as my senior project. \"I think it's nice what you're doing, Casey. At least, you're not making a fool out of yourself or talking in a high squeaking voice,\" I commented as we uploaded a new video on her website. She laughed at my Fred reference. \"Yeah, I know. I figured that it would be good to help people in need you know? That's what we should make videos about; how to help people in need, not how to score a record deal or become famous.\" \"Hey, it worked for Justin Bieber.\" Xxx At lunch, I sat on the bleachers outside with Andrew. Yes, he was an interesting choice for a friend, but we had known each other since we were kids. I had even beat up a kid in middle school when he stole an ice cream that I had bought for Andrew. Since then, we stuck together like peanut butter and jelly. Andrew propped his camera up a stand, and pressed the record button. \"So this is where I eat lunch-\" \"What are you doing?\" I interrupted as I took a bite of my sandwich. \"I don't know, really, just recording. Is it weird?\" \"No, I mean, it kinda is. But it's interesting. Like you.\" I made sure to mumble the last part so that he wouldn't hear it. \"Hey, you wanna watch something funny?\" I nodded as Andrew pressed some buttons on his camera. All of sudden, his cousin, Matt, came up on the small side screen, singing Jessie J's \"Price Tag\". I laughed so hard that I had to clutch my stomach, especially when I heard Andrew protesting. Andrew laughed along with me, his light blue eyes sparkling (can guys eyes sparkle?) with a happiness that I hadn't seen in a while. I began singing along with Matt's voice, making sure that I was way off-key. Andrew laughed even harder so that tears were coming out of his eyes. There were some cheerleaders rehearsing nearby, and they kept glaring at us every now and then. I wondered what their problem was, until one of them, one of Steve's nicer exes, came over to ask Andrew to stop recording them. Xxx \"Please tell me why you dragged me into this?\" I asked Steve as we walked through the dark forest, branches crunching under our feet. I was wearing a simple navy blue sundress with a small sweater since it was cool out. Steve had brought me along to another party, hoping that I would expand my social circle. I went along to make him happy, but I would rather be at home in my room, watching Jersey Shore or something. \"I got a text from Joe. He said that everybody was here,\" he said as he put his hand on my back to guide me through the woods. We looked down and saw a whole bunch of kids surrounding a giant hole. \"What the hell? What's so great about a stupid hole?\" \"Let's check it out,\" Steve said as he helped me down into the clearing. When we got closer, we realized that there was some strange noise. It was coming from the hole. Someone bumped into me, and I noticed that it was Matt, Andrew's cousin. \"What are you doing here?\" I whispered. \"Oh, hey, Melanie.I followed some people out here after I lost Andrew in the crowd.\" \"Wait, Andrew's here? Where is he?\" I glanced around, and my heart sank when I noticed he wasn't there. Later on, a few people left, obviously creeped out, but Matt, Steve, and I stayed. Then, Matt and I sent Steve to find Andrew so that he could record what we found. \"Hey!\" Steve called out from the hill. There was a bright light emitting from his back, and it was Andrew with his camera. Seriously, what was up with him and that dang camera? Matt waved his arms, and I waved my hand nonchantly. \"Cmon, let's go, let's go, let's go!\" Matt yelled, motioning for them to come down. Steve and Matt were clearly excited, but it was clear on Andrew's face that he thought the same thing that I did: What the hell what we doing here? Steve got down on his stomach and leaned in closer to the hole. Matt did the same, and then, a louder noise, like a howl, originated from the hole. I stepped back a little, very freaked out now. \"Okay, this is weird. I think we should leave,\" I spoke up as I crossed my arms to protect myself from the chilly breeze. Steve rolled his eyes at me and stuck his tongue out as he jumped down into the hole like a ninja. Matt climbed down after him, and Andrew and I started calling their names, begging them to come back up. \"Steven Edward Montgomery, if you don't come out of that hole, if you don't die first, I will go down there and cut off your testicels!\" I yelled into the empty dark space. Matt laughed, and I heard him ask, \"Your middle name is Edward?\" There was more mumbling and Steve shouted back, \"I'd like to see you try!\" Andrew yelled, \"C'mon, guys, stop playing around! Matt, c'mon, you're my ride home!\" Finally, he sighed and inched slowly down into the hole. He stopped and turned back to me. \"Are you coming?\" I shook my head. \"I have this thing about weird holes and the weird sounds that come out of them.\" Andrew nodded and continued on. I sighed and began playing Angry Birds on my Iphone. Suddenly, there was this weird howling noise and I heard the boys screaming and yelling at each other as the noise grew louder and louder. I felt a sharp pain began to manifest inside my head and soon my eyesight began to blur. I felt myself become dizzy and that's when everything went black. AN: I'm working on Chapter 2, but college is pretty hecti c. Please review ! I take honest critism, but I do NOT take flames.[Chapter 3] AN: Thanks to NoelAnderson, hideandseek43, Azula Malfoy, and open-heart for reviewing the first chapter of this fic. Thanks a lot! And thanks to those that also fav/story alerted this fic as well. To answer NoelAnderson's question, I will follow the movie, but there will be a few curveballs thrown into the mix, so it isn't an exact retelling of the story, since I really hate retellings. Here's Chapter 2! Enjoy! Chapter 2 -Vision None of us knew what had happened to us that night, except that we were different. Well, the boys were different. I was the only one who was still normal, even though I had been affected too. Matt theorized it was because I didn't have direct contact with the glowing rock thing like they did. Maybe. But I liked being the normal one, the one to put things into perspective and whatnot. Today, though, we were meeting up at Matt's house, so the boys could test out their new powers. I was going to hold Andrew's camera, even though he had managed to make it stand up on its own. It was cool and weird at the same time. I grabbed a baseball and handed it to Steve as I sat down next to Andrew on the patio. He smiled at me and pressed the record button. Steve and Matt positioned themselves in the middle of the lawn, and Steve announced, \"So this is the ball test.\" Then, he hit Matt in the face with the baseball. Andrew and Steve cracked up laughing, but I ran out onto the lawn to check out Matt's face. A red spot was now forming on the left side of his face. \"WHAT THE HELL STEVE!\" I yelled and proceeded to punch my cousin in the arm. \"Man, I'm sorry, are you okay?\" Steve asked Matt while trying to keep from laughing again. Matt waved him off like, \"I hate you now. Get away from me.\" A short while later, it was Matt's turn, and Steve was standing in the spot where Matt was previously. Steve kept jumping up and down, like a kid in an amusement park, and I smirked, \"If you have to use the bathroom, we can wait.\" Steve stopped moving and rolled his eyes at me. Andrew and Matt started laughing. \"Shut up,\" Steve glared, but he was smirking too. Matt turned toward us and asked, \"Are you ready?\" We nodded. In one quick motion, Matt threw the ball to the right, and then it flew back around and hit Steve, knocking him straight to the ground. The rest of us started laughing and Matt started jumping around hollering, \"And the crowd goes wild!\" \"Are you okay Steve?\" I asked between gasps of breath. Steve stood up slowly nodding his head and rubbing his face. Then, he flashed Matt his middle finger, which sent us into hysterics. Finally, it was Andrew's turn, and Steve took his place beside me. I held the camera though, as Steve urged Matt to aim the ball at Andrew's face. Matt, grinning, threw the ball, but Andrew used his powers to stop it right before it hit his face. I nearly dropped the camera from amazement and shock, and Matt and Steve ran toward Andrew. The ball was hovering inches from his face. \"Okay, that is crazy!\" I yelped. Suddenly, blood started to come out of Andrew's nose, and I grabbed the ball. We all looked at each other as we walked back into the house. It was only the beginning. Xxx Later that night, I heard voices coming from Steve's room. I knocked on the door, and saw Matt and Andrew there sitting on Steve's bed. \"Where have you guys been?\" I asked as I plopped down onto the bed, Indian-style. \"We went to check out the hole, but the cops were there,\" Steve said as he twirled his cell in his hands. \"It was pointless since the hole had caved in,\" Andrew spoke up. \"Were you guys trying to get MORE power?\" \"We thought it would help with the nosebleeds,\" Andrew explained quietly. Suddenly, I felt this weird numbness in my head, and my vision went cloudy. Then, the scene changed in front of me: \" No, you have to give me a countdown, you just can't-UGH!\" Matt yelped as Andrew smashed a fork on his hand. Then, he held it up, and the tongs were all bent, but Matt's hand was fine. In an instant, the numbness went away, and I was back in Steve's bedroom. Except that I was facing the ceiling, with three teenaged boys hovering over my face with worried expressions. I felt something wet on my face, and touched my lip. It was blood. \"What happened?\" I asked as I began to sit upright. The boys exchanged glances and Steve said, \"You tell us. You were sitting there, and then you fell over. We thought you fainted but your eyes were still open.\" Matt handed me a napkin from Steve's desk, and replied, \"Yeah, we were freaking out. We thought you had died or something.\" Andrew didn't say anything, he just stared at me for a while, before he reached over to pat my hand. I looked at all of their faces, Andrew's the longest, while trying to figure how to explain that I think I had a vision. Of the future . But how do you explain that to anybody? AN:Please Review![Chapter 4] AN: So thanks to clw317, theapexpredat0r, and outsider83 for reviewing the last chapter. I wanna thank everyone else for their fav/story alerts! So yeah, I wrote this chapter in a hurry so its not as good as I wanted it to be, but I hope you like it! Enjoy! Chapter 3 -Telekenesis/Psychic \" The ache for home lives in all of us, the safe place where we can go as we are and not be questioned.\" -Maya Angelou (Recorded at 12:45 pm, March 18, 2016) When I had my first \"vision\", you can bet it scared the crap out of me. I didn't know how to explain it, or if I could control it. The boys' powers increased the more they practiced, but I was unsure about mine, since it was more of a 'come and go' thing. So, in the meantime, I helped the guys with their powers while I tried to figure out my own. I did confide in one person at first… Xxx Present Day \"So you had a-a vision? Like you saw the future?\" Andrew asked me as we took a walk down my street. We were heading to the house, well more like behind the house, that I lived in with my parents when I was younger. And once again, Andrew had his damn camera with him. The house's backyard opened up into the woods, and Andrew and I would play hide-and-seek in there. Our dads even built us a tree house a short distance away from the house. Once every month, we would go there and just remember when life was easier when we were kids. My mom alive, his mom cancer-free, and my dad here with me, and his dad off of the bottle… \"Yeah, I think so. Didn't you see my face when you hit Matt's hand with that fork?\" Andrew nodded. \"Has it happened again?\" He asked as we slipped into the woods unnoticed. \"No, not yet, anyway. I'm trying to figure out if I can control it, like you guys can, but so far, nothing. I think it just happens randomly, like winning the lottery. I'm just scared what might happen to me if I have another vision.\" \"Like what?\" \"That I might pass out in the middle of class, or in the hallway, or even worse, in my lunch. I mean, how embarrassing is that? Plus, I might not like what I see.\" Andrew said nothing. We reach the tree house, which is nestled 4 feet above ground in an old oak tree. It looks like a small hut from the outside, but it is pretty roomy on the inside. Andrew and I painted it blue and purple, his and mine favorite colors years ago, but of course, it's faded over time. I began to climb the rope ladder, and Andrew followed. I laid my book bag on the dusty, leave-covered floor and sat in an old lawn chair of my dad's. Andrew sat across from me in a beanbag chair, looking around the room. That's when I noticed a small bruise on his face. \"Andrew, how'd you get that?\" I pointed to his face. \"Oh, it's nothing,\" he replied quickly, trying to wipe it off as if it were a stain. \"Andrew, that is not nothing. You need to go to the police, or tell Matt that your dad is hurting you. I know you don't want to, but-\" \"I'm fine, Mel. Leave it alone,\" he growled, his light blue eyes darkening. I stared at him, shocked at the dark tone of his voice. I sighed, and changed the subject to his mom. \"She's…I don't know. I think she's getting worse. She coughed up blood yesterday,\" he mumbled as he wrapped his arms around his legs. Then, he buried his head in his lap. I knew he was crying because his body was shaking slightly. Andrew wouldn't cry in front of Steve or Matt, not wanting to appear weak, but he knew that I would understand. I stood up, and sat down next to him before wrapping my arms around my friend. My heart went out to the poor kid; he didn't deserve this treatment from his dad, especially if his mom was dying right before their eyes. As he cried onto my shoulder, I realized that I knew this feeling all too well, and began to sob too. Xxx The next day, we met up with Matt and Steve after school, and Steve defined telekinesis for us. \"Telekinesis, the ability to move, lift, vibrate; ha-ha that's my favorite-\" \"You're so gross,\" I cut in, grimacing and shaking my head at Andrew's camera. Steve rolled his eyes and continued, \"-spin, bend, break, or impact objects through the direct influence of mental power or nonphysical means.\" \"Well, that sounds familiar,\" I commented as I kicked a rock with my converse. \"Hey, do you want to see direct influence?\" Matt asked out loud. I turned my head and saw three girls talking past the fence, all wearing short skirts. Steve and Matt winked at each other, and suddenly, a nearby leaf blower turned on, and the girls' skirts flew right up exposing their underwear. The boys cracked up and I snickered, shaking my head at them. \"Somebody's wearing black today!\" Steve chimed as we walked off. \"Okay, now that was direct influence. Good thing, I decided to wear jeans today.\" I saw Casey wave at me from the other side of the parking lot, her camera in her hand. \"Guys, I gotta go.\" \"Why?\" Andrew asked, practically shoving his camera right in my face. I pushed it out of the way and answered, \"I'm helping Casey with her blog as part of my senior project.\" Matt whipped his head in my direction and asked, \"What do you guys even talk about?\" I sighed, \"Stuff. And no, we don't talk about you, Matt.\" \"I didn't ask if you guys talked about me. Wait, you guys don't talk about me?\" \"Bye, guys,\" I said as I took off in Casey's direction. Xxx When Casey went downstairs to get us some sandwiches, I went onto the internet to look up \"psychic\". But then, it just let me to a bunch of other words like clairvoyant, premonition, and precognition. Clairvoyant- ( from 17th century French with Clair meaning \"clear\" and voyance meaning \"vision\") is used to refer to the ability to gain information about an object, person, location or physical event through means other than the known human senses, a form of extra-sensory perception. A person said to have the ability of clairvoyance is referred to as a clairvoyant (\"one who sees clearly\"). Premonition - information about future events that is perceived as emotion. Precognition - ( also called future sight and second sight) is a type of extrasensory perception that would involve the acquisition or effect of future information that cannot be deduced from presently available and normally acquired sense-based information or laws of physics and/or nature. I texted Steve the definitions, and he called me right back. \"Does this explain what happened to you the other day?\" \"I think so. But I don't know. Where are you?\" \"Oh, we're just having some fun, Mel. Experimenting and all that. You should've seen what I did to this lady's car-\" \"Are you guys using it in public again? Steve, that could be dangerous.\" \"Mel, why do you have to be a buzz kill? We need to test it out, so that we can, you know, get stronger. What is that dude's problem?\" \"Wha-\"I heard excessive honking, and Matt and Andrew mumbling in the background. There was silence, and in an instant, Steve was screaming hysterics into my ear, clearly freaking out. Something was wrong, I could feel it. \" Steve, what's going on ?\" I had to practically yell into the phone. \"I have to call you back, Mel!\" Then, he hung up. Casey came back into the room, but I was already packing my bag to leave. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. She must've noticed the panicked look on my face. \"Family emergency. Gotta go. Thanks for the sandwich!\" I called out as I grabbed one and flew out the door. AN: Please Review![Chapter 5] AN: Here's chapter 4! There's a link on my profile if you wanna know what Melanie looks like. Chapter 4 -Up in the Air So, yeah, last night everything got pretty messed up. Apparantly, Andrew sent a guy's truck crashing into a river, and the driver is now in critical condition at the hospital. I didn't say anything to Andrew for the rest of the night since Steve and Matt did enough chewing out for all of us. I hated to see Andrew upset, but I didn't know what to say to him, especially since I was starting to realize my growing feelings for him. They had been there for a while now, but I hadn't really thought about acting on them until the day at the treehouse when Andrew cried in my arms. Being close to him felt right, but with everything going on, being in a relationship right now might make or break things for us. So I decided to keep that as my little secret. Anyways, so far, I only had two more visions. The next one, I had was of Steve texting on his cell phone before he tripped down the stairs. I remember busting out laughing in class when I came to, and everyone looked at me like I had lost it. The last one was Steve hovering outside of my window. That one didn't make any sense to me until the night Steve tapped on my window and told me that he could fly now. I seriously thought I was in the middle of a bad dream. \"Are you seriously flying now, Peter Pan?\" I smirked. \"Seriously, Mel. Watch,\" he whispered to me since it was about 1 o'clock in the morning. I gasped as Steve slowly rose into the air, now hovering a few feet above the roof. \"Whoa! That is the coolest thing ever!\" Steve lowered himself back down onto the small balcony outside my room, and asked, \"Do you know what this means?\" \"That you will save a ton of money on gas?\" Steve laughed, \"Well, yes, but that we're getting stronger now. I mean, first telekinesis, and now, I can fly. We have to get Andrew and Matt on this.\" The next day, Steve and I drove outside of town to an old mill. I was supposed to meet up with Casey today, so that we could finish this week's blog entry, but something came up and we had to reschedule for another time. Matt and Andrew were on their way now to meet up with us. My heart started to speed up a little when I thought of Andrew, and so, I took a few deep breaths to slow it down. Maybe supersonic hearing could be their next power, and I didn't want any uncomfortable questions to come up whenever I was around the guys. Steve parked the car, and stepped out. I checked the time on my phone, and when I looked up, he was gone. I grunted in annoyance and stepped out of the car. \"Steve? Steve, where are you? C'mon, don't you think we're getting a little too old for hide-and-SEEK!\" I yelped as someone grabbed my hoodie and started pulling me off of the ground. Steve laughed as I struggled against his hold before he dropped me on my butt onto the car's hood. \"ARE YOU CRAZY? YOU COULD'VE KILLED ME!\" I screamed at the top of my lungs. Steve just laughed from his spot above my head. \"Mel, calm down. I wouldn't have gone that far. But you should've seen your face!\" I stuck my tongue out at him and burst out laughing with him. Maybe I was going a little insane . \"Here comes Andrew and Matt!\" Steve said as he wrapped his arms around his head. I waved as I saw Matt and Andrew climb out of Matt's car. \"What are you doing up there?\" Andrew asked me. \"Ask Steve.\" \"Where is Steve?\" Matt asked. I pointed above my head as if were obvious. \" Hello, boys !\" Steve called out happily. \"WHAT!\" Matt chimed, amazed. Both he and Andrew were looking beside themselves, giddy with excitement. \"How did you do that?\" Andrew asked. I slowly climbed off of the roof and went to his side to get a better view. I looked over to see Andrew sneak a quick glance at me, and I smiled. \"It's much easier than it looks, trust me,\" Steve answered. Then, Matt walked over and tried to lift himself of the ground, but faceplanted on the ground instead. We broke out in laughter and walked over to check on him. \"Oooh, look whose eating dirt, Matt!\" Andrew laughed. Matt motioned for us to back up a bit as he tried to do a second attempt at flying. Then, he crashed to the ground. Again. \"Matt, are you okay?\" I asked between bursts of laughter. \"Aw, Dammit!\" Matt cursed as he beat the ground with his fists. Andrew turned to me and said, \"I think I'm gonna give it a shot.\" \"Are you sure?\" I asked as I took the camera from him. He nodded and went to stand on the mound where Matt was. He and Matt argued for a few seconds, before a few rocks started to levitate off of the ground. Andrew began to slowly rise into the air, and Matt yelled out, \"Bullshit!\" I just laughed and stared at Andrew and Steve in shock. \"Andrew, don't fart! We'll never find you again!\" Matt yelled and I could barely focus the camera because I was laughing so much. \"Okay, I'm coming up!\" Matt said as he tried once more to fly. \"Ooohh! Epic Fail!\" I laughed as Matt's body slammed into the ground. Xxx \"How are we gonna do this? I mean, the three of you can fly and I can't,\" I explained as the guys put on their winter jackets and gloves. They were getting ready to go flying up in the clouds, and I was trying to convince them not to, since I had a 'vibe' that this might end badly. \"I'll stay here with you if you want,\" Andrew spoke up. \"No, you should go. You need to have some fun,\" I replied. \"I have an idea,\" Steve said as he rummaged through an old bag in the truck of his jeep. Then, he pulled out a thick cord with a hook. \"That's dad's old bungee cord. Where'd you find that?\" I asked. \"I think questions are best kept for later. So, are you in Mel? Or are we gonna have to do this the hard way?\" Steve asked me mischievously. Maybe I should've kept my mouth shut in the first place. Xxx \"SHIT, IT'S FREEZING UP HERE! WHAT THE HELL HAVE YOU DRAGGED ME INTO!\" I screamed at Steve over the freezing cold air as we flew in and over clouds. The boys were enjoying themselves, but I couldn't say the same since I was strapped to Steve's side. It was like being in the side car of a motorcycle, only were thousands of feet up in the air, and Steve was the pilot. Once we had finally stopped, Steve unhooked me, and I started freaking out. \"What do you think you're doing?\" I managed to ask through my icy-cold lips. \"Just trust me,\" Steve answered and then he let go. But I didn't fall. I was…floating. \"How?\" I started to ask, but then I noticed Andrew's camera was floating too. \"Are you doing that?\" I asked him. \"Both of us are,\" Andrew replied. After a while, Matt and Steve started a makeshift game of aerial football, which was pretty cool to watch. Andrew and I just hung back and watched with amazement. Then, there was this noise, like the whoosing sound of a…jet. Andrew noticed it too, because he yelled, \"Hey, Matt, do you hear that?\" \"Wha-\" Matt started to ask, and suddenly, a jumbo jet zoomed by, slamming right into Steve. I screamed as I started to plummet to the ground, pretty sure that I was going to die. I could hear the faraway screams of \"Steve! Mel!\" but I was more focused on what would happen to me once I hit the ground. I shut my eyes and silently prayed that the others were alright, even if I didn't make it, but I hoped that I did somehow. My prayers were answered since I yelped when I felt a body collide into mine. I didn't open my eyes yet since we were still falling, and I knew that I would lose my lunch if I saw my possible death staring at me in the face. I felt my body hit the ground and the person rolled off of me. I opened my eyes and Steve tackled me and started hugging me. \"You're alive! We're alive! Matt, you saved my cousin!\" Steve kissed both of my frozen cheeks and then went on to tackle Matt. I was out of breath and my heart was pounding in my ears. I realized we were in a clearing and Andrew and Matt were alive and okay. Steve was still freaking out which made me start laughing since Steve is always hilarious when he is freaking about something. Andrew and Matt started laughing too, and I just laid back onto the grass. Andrew came over and between gasps of breath, he asked, \"I'm so sorry, Mel. Are you okay?\" I nodded and reached up to touch his face. His eyes had a pained look in them, and blood was coming out of his nose. I wiped away the blood with my glove and patted his cheek with my clean gloved hand. Then, my head started to go numb, and I knew I was having another vision: I was in a hospital room, and there was someone laying on the bed. Steve . Steve's entire body was wrapped in bandages, like a mummy almost, and there were tubes coming out of his mouth, arms, and body. Behind me, Andrew was sitting in a chair, crying into his lap. The numbness left me again, and I staring into the faces of Steve, Matt, and Andrew. Matt helped me sit up, and blood and tears were running down my face. \"Are you okay, Mel?\" Matt asked me all traces of happiness gone. I shook my head and looked at Andrew. When he tried to help me up, and I pushed his arm away and walked off. Xxx I wasn't sure what the vision meant, but I theorized that Andrew had hurt Steve in some way. Since he was crying, I guessed that it wasn't intentional, but still… So while I tried to figure it out, I began to watch Andrew a little more closely. I noticed that he seemed a lot happier and confident when he was around Matt, Steve, and I, but I knew that at home, it was another story entirely. But me avoiding him wasn't helping the situation either. However, in my absence, Steve was becoming his new best friend, and I was happy that they were getting along. Steve even told me that he had convinced Andrew to sign up for the talent show next week. Oh, I hope this goes well. Xxx The night before the big show, I decided to go to bed early to study for a test, and locked my door. An hour later, there was light tapping on my window, and I shrugged it off, thinking it was a branch or something. \"Mel, can you open the window?\" I heard Andrew's voice ask from the other side. I closed my textbook and grabbed the robe at the end of my bed. I was wearing a tank top and shorts, but I suddenly felt exposed. I wrapped myself up and opened the window. Sure enough, Andrew was there, standing on the balcony. \"What are you doing here?\" I whispered. \"It's my mom. She is getting worse,\" he started in but I grabbed his arm and pulled him inside. I shut the window, and sat on the bed next to him. I tried not to notice how much he smelled like Ivory soap and avoided looking him straight in the eyes. \"Isn't your dad still collecting insurance to pay for her medicine and such?\" I asked staring at my hands. \"I don't know. He's always drunk, or watching TV so he doesn't do anything. I don't know if I can take it anymore,\" he said sadly. I looked at his defeated form and took his hand. Then, I positioned my thumb and he followed suit. \"What are you doing?\" he asked, his mouth curling up into a smile. \"I'm trying to distract you. Let's thumb wrestle. Like we used to do when we were little,\" I smiled at him. \"Ready?\" He nodded and we started our meager game of thumb wrestling. A few minutes later, our hands got tired and sweaty so we just collapsed on my full-sized bed, staring at the ceiling. \"So Matt, Steve, and I were talking about going off to see the world when we graduate,\" Andrew blurted out. \"Really? Where will you guys go?\" \"Steve wants to go to Maui or Hawaii so he can look at girls.\" I sighed, \"He's so typical. What about you? Where do you want to go?\" Andrew perked up, \"I was thinking Tibet. They have Monks there, and I heard that it is really peaceful and beautiful. It would be a nice change from here.\" \"I bet it would be,\" I mumbled. \"I wanted to know if you wanted to come with me-us. I wanted to know if you wanted to come us.\" I actually thought about it before I said, \"That sounds nice. But do you really want me to run away with you?\" \"We were just talking about it really. You don't have to go if you don't want to-\" I placed my hand over Andrew's mouth to make him stop talking. I snuggled a little closer to him, but still maintained a short distance between our bodies. \"I wanted to say that I'm sorry for ditching you these last couple of days. I was going through something, and it wasn't fair for me to avoid you like that. Will you accept my apology if you promise me something?\" He nodded and I continued, \"Promise me that you won't let this get the best of you. That you won't lose control of yourself. I won't be able to be your friend anymore if you hurt one of us.\" Andrew was silent for a long time, and then he said, \"I forgive you, and I promise that I won't hurt you. Ever. \" A short while later, we both fell asleep, but him shifting in the bed woke me up a bit. I realized that he was spooning me, and I felt my cheeks heat up a bit. When I tried to move away, he just pulled me closer, and I let him. Closer to him than I've ever been, I cursed these damn teenage hormones and went back to sleep. AN: Please Review! I will try to get the next chapter in before the end of this week, and at least one or two more by the end of next week to hold you guys over until I go on spring break, during which I'll probably be writing the epic finale to this. I've even been brainstorming with a close friend about a possible sequel after I finish this one. I have 2 questions for you guys: What do think is gonna happen between Mel and Andrew? What do you guys think of a sequel to this?[Chapter 6] AN: I really tried to upload this on Friday, but I was way too busy. I had algebra homework AND an essay to write. Plus, it was midterms. Anyways, here's chapter 5! Oh, and it gets a little steamy at the end, but I didn't go into detail. I DID warn you, since it is a crucial scene for the sequel. Enjoy! Chapter 5 -Crazy, Stupid, Love Today, was the day of the talent show, and everyone was abuzz with excitement. Even Andrew. He and Steve had been working on his act, and I agreed to help him get ready before I met up with Casey. However, last night hadn't made it any easier to be around him even though I was talking to him again. \"Wow, it looks good,\" I complemented as Andrew came out of his room in Steve's old suit. I took out a lint roller and brushed his jacket. Andrew asked, \"Are you okay?\" I shrugged, \"Yeah. Why wouldn't I be?\" \"I don't know. You've just seem a little…\" \"I'm fine, Andrew. I've just had a lot of things on my mind. Now, go show your mom my handiwork,\" I smiled. Andrew walked down the hall and into his mom's room. She was lying down on the bed, but propped up slightly by pillows. I gasped at the sight of her. Andrew's mom was so pretty, but now she looked almost like a corpse almost. She looked as if she was literally withering away. I smoothed out my blouse and jean skirt and fiddled with a curl of my hair as I walked into the room. \"What do you think?\" Andrew spun around in front of her. She smiled the best she could and said, \"You look handsome. You did a great job, Melanie.\" \"Thank you,\" I said and curtsied for good measure. That got a slight laugh out of her and she coughed out, \"I mean it; you two look great. You look beautiful, Melanie.\" I blushed and felt my phone vibrate in my bag. I pulled it out and saw a text from Steve. \"We've got to go. Bye, Ms. Karen.\" \"Bye, sweetie. Take care of him for me.\" Xxx After Andrew and Steve got settled in and had to head backstage, I followed Matt through the crowd as we entered the auditorium. The place was packed with people, and I ran into Casey as I went off to get a soda. \"There you are. I've been looking for you all over the place,\" she said as she greeted me. \"Oh, I left my phone in Steve's car. Sorry about that,\" I said as we walked down the aisle. I saw Matt set up the camera and the lights started dimming. \"Are you all set?\" I whispered. He nodded and glanced at Casey, shooting her a flirtatious smile. She smiled back and I just smiled and rolled my eyes at them. The show started and I sat on the other side of Matt. I glanced at the stage every now and then, but none of the acts interested me, so I just played Angry Birds on my phone. Finally, Steve appeared on the stage and, as expected, everyone applauded. He was warming up the crowd so Andrew wouldn't have to. Then, Andrew came onstage and everyone started mumbling to themselves, wondering what he was going to do. I was wondering myself. Andrew was clearly nervous and people started booing him after he nearly tripped onstage. I glared at them and then gasped when he began slipping cards back into his hands without touching them. \"How did he do that?\" Casey asked Matt, amazed. Matt shrugged and we exchanged glances, a smirk on both of our faces. I started clapping and cheering as the act went on. Andrew had clearly been practicing for he was juggling and levitating things with ease. Steve was also a target for a few various objects which earned some laughs from the audience. For the last part of the act, Andrew started walking on a tightrope. I nearly stood up when he almost fell, but then, he straightened himself up and walked across it with ease. The crowd went wild and clapped for both of them. Matt and I clapped too, pride written on our faces. Xxx The after-party was the talk of the school that night and I had rode over with Steve and some of his friends after the show. Everyone couldn't stop talking about Andrew, and how amazing he was. I got a little upset since I had known that all along. However, I just grabbed a drink and went outside to sit by the pool. When Andrew showed up, it was like he was royalty of something. \"Oh, hi Casey,\" I said as her camera appeared to the side of my face. \"Hey. What are you doing sitting out here? I thought you would be inside with Andrew,\" she asked, looking at me knowingly. \"Well, Andrew is the VIP, tonight, not me. Besides, he deserves to have his night. I think I'll just stay out of his way.\" \"C'mon, you're his friend. Don't you think you should celebrate with him?\" I sighed and then Casey grabbed my arm. She led me through the crowd and into the living room, which was filled with drunk teenagers. Matt came out of nowhere, stumbling into my back. Yep, he was drunk . I took the half-full cup of his hand and finished it for him. \"You're drunk, aren't you?\" Casey asked. \"N-No I-I'm…not,\" he said, stumbling over his words. I had to laugh at the normally philosophical and solid Matt, slurring his words. I found a water bottle for him and made him sit down in a chair, Andrew's camera in his lap. Casey had put her camera away and shook her head at him. \"How much did you have to drink?\" I asked. \"I stopped after my fourth cup,\" he mumbled, massaging his temples. \"Where's Andrew and Steve?\" \"I saw Steve go out back with some football players, and I lost Andrew a while ago.\" I heard cheering and laughter and looked over to see Andrew playing beer pong with a big crowd surrounding him. Sure enough, a pretty girl with pink hair was draping herself all over Andrew and I felt my blood begin to boil. My grip tightened slightly on Matt's shoulder. Matt noticed my sudden reaction and winced at my grip. \"Are you okay, Mel? Because you're hurting me.\" I let go and said, \"Sorry, but I think I'm gonna go out and get some fresh air.\" I started to leave but then I asked Casey, \"Watch him for me?\" She nodded, and Matt mouthed, \"Thank you\", before I went outside. I wasn't jealous. I wasn't jealous. Who am I kidding? I was green with envy. I was sure that people could practically smell it on me (or maybe it was the beer) as I walked past to the snack table. I grabbed another cup and gulped it down. A tall, muscular boy with dirty blond hair and green eyes walked up to me and asked me to dance with him. I was pretty sure the alcohol was kicking in, since I said yes, when normally, I would've told him off. But tonight, I was going to have fun and forget about these powers and Andrew. The boy was pretty cute and he grinned happily when I started to sway my hips to the music, my red blouse flowing in the wind. Then, the guy wrapped his hands around my tiny waist and pulled me closer to him. I just went along with it, just drinking and dancing. However, I noticed his hands start to wander and I moved back. \"What are you doing?\" I yelled at him over the music and chatter of people. \"I'm just having fun, like you were doing. I saw you; you were liking it,\" he smiled mischievously. \"That's because I didn't know what you were doing. I'm sorry, but I'm not the one.\" I proceeded to walk off, but then he yanked me back by my wrist. \"Stop, ow, you're hurting me!\" I yelped. Then, Steve appeared and grabbed my other arm. He glared, \"I suggest you let her go and walk away, or things are gonna get ugly. I don't think you need any more of that in your life.\" The guy huffed, but let me go and stalked off. I hugged Steve and he asked, \"Are you alright?\" \"Yeah. I never thought I'd say this but I'm glad you're popular.\" Steve laughed and looked at me. \"Have you been drinking?\" I hipcupped, \"Maybe a little.\" Steve shook his head at me and took me into the house. After a while, we met up with Matt and they started whispering about how they saw a girl take Andrew upstairs with her. My head was starting to feel a little fuzzy from the alcohol so I missed most of the conversation. Then, there was this half choked noise from behind one of the doors, and the pink-haired girl from earlier ran past us, pulling chunks of what I presumed was most likely vomit out of her hair. Steve and I entered the room behind Matt, who was holding Andrew's camera, and low and behold, Andrew was hurrying to buckle up his pants as Matt shoved the camera in his face. He also reeked of vomit and was covered in some of it. \"Get away, Matt!\" Andrew yelled as he tried to clean himself off. The poor thing looked so embarrassed and upset and I felt a twinge of happiness and guilt. I was a little happy that nothing had happened between Andrew and the girl, but I also felt guilty that I hadn't been there to prevent this from happening. I spoke up, \"Guys, stop. Steve, Matt, go away. I got this.\" Matt and Steve left me with the camera and went back downstairs. I took Andrew into the bathroom to clean himself off. As I wet a towel, I asked, \"How are you feeling?\" Andrew's face was red and his eyes were stained, but no tears were coming out. \"How do you think I feel? This was the biggest night of my life. I finally felt like somebody, and then, I messed it up. On Monday, they're gonna laugh at me.\" I wringed the water out of the towel and asked, \"Andrew, what was it that your mom always used to tell us?\" He sighed, \"That you're stronger than this.\" \"Exactly. And you are, Andrew. You are one of the strongest people that I know.\" I wiped the puke off of the jacket the best I could, and handed another towel to Andrew so he could clean himself up. I walked out of the bathroom and placed it on the back of chair so it could dry. I sat on the bed and placed my head on my knees. A few minutes later, Andrew walked out of the bathroom and sat next to me. We didn't speak for a while; both of us lost in our own thoughts. My feelings for him, the effect of the alcohol, and this thing that we had gotten so caught up in; they just bubbled up inside me and were threatening to spill over like water in teapot. Everything just felt so real and immediate that it started to choke me. I felt like I was literally choking on my own feelings because I didn't want to face them yet. But I had to. I had to let them out, and let the chips fall as they may. Through the walls, we could hear the music, but it suddenly changed from Lady Gaga's \"Bad Romance\" to Snow Patrol's \"Chasing Cars\". If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world? \"Are you okay?\" I asked, still staring at the wall. Andrew was now fidgeting with his camera, checking to make sure that it was still working. \"I'm a lot better than before. Thank you for helping me, Mel.\" \"Your welcome.\" I don't quite know How to say How I feel Those three words Are said too much They're not enough \"Andrew, I have something to tell you.\" Andrew levitated the camera a little distance away from us, and turned to look at me. I sighed, \"I love you.\" Andrew didn't say anything at first. Then, he said, \"Why didn't you tell me before?\" \"I didn't know how to tell you. I wanted to tell you the other night, but you were so upset about your mom and dad, that I wasn't sure how you would take it. I just know that if I kept it to myself much longer, then I would've exploded.\" Finally, I looked at him, and leaned in to kiss him. He didn't take long to respond and started to kiss me back. Forget what we're told Before we get too old Show me a garden that's bursting into life All that I am All that I ever was Is here in your perfect eyes, they're all I can see I don't know where Confused about how as well Just know that these things will never change for us at all The kiss got heated pretty fast, and soon, I was in Andrew's lap practically ripping off his shirt. He didn't need to tell me that he felt the same way (it was obvious by the way he was responding to me) but it was still nice to hear him say it. \"I think I've always loved you, Mel,\" he said as he gasped for breath. His light blue eyes were burning with a fierce intensity that I had never seen before, but at the same time, they were soft and gentle. I smiled, \"Good.\" Then, I proceeded to kiss him again. I knew we were heading into a place that neither of us had ever been before, but we were going to go together, and that was all that mattered. But then I remembered something. I slid off his lap and walked over to where the camera had settled. I grabbed it and pushed the 'off' button. Andrew stared at me confused. \"What are you doing?\" \"Some things are best kept a secret,\" I smiled mischievously as I made my way back to the bed. If I lay here If I just lay here Would you lie with me and just forget the world? AN: Please Review![Chapter 7] AN: Thank you guys for all the wonderful reviews and fav/story alerts that I have been getting. You guys are great! I'm on spring break now, so another chapter should be out by the end of this week. I was too busy with homework (Algebra and an essay!) to finish and upload this chapter like I wanted too. But here it is! ( To clw317, I'm sorry about not describing my OC. I started writing this story and meant to, but I kind of forgot about that. Mel is about 5'3, has a petite frame, light brown skin, deep brown eyes, and shoulder-length black hair. There is a link to a picture of what she would most likely look like on my profile. Your welcome!) Anyways, enjoy! The title for this chapter was inspired by the upcoming movie starring Chris Colfer (Kurt from Glee!) check out the trailer on youtube (its hilarious!) and that terrible scene from the movie when things aren't so gumdrops and rainbows anymore. Chapter 6 -Struck by Lightning \" Life comes at you fast. It runs through your body, and tries to escape and be expressed by any means possible. It's a lot like…lightning.\"- Chris Colfer. When Andrew and I left the party, it was super-late. I called for a cab, since I was totally against him flying me home, and we snuck into the backyard. Luckily, my window was slightly open, so it would be easy for me to slip in unnoticed. Now, all I had to was reach the balcony. \"Andrew, could you give me a lift?\" I asked sweetly. He nodded and wrapped his arms around my waist before we started to slowly lift off of the ground. We landed on the balcony softly, and I grinned at him. Then, I pulled on the handle and opened the window. It was dark, so I couldn't see, and I lost my footing and fell on the carpet. \"Ow,\" I whispered. Andrew poked his head in, and immediately, someone turned on the lamp by my bed. I looked up, and my mouth fell open. \"Steve! What are you doing here?\" I asked as quietly as I could as Andrew helped me up. Andrew's face was red and he was staring at the floor, guiltily. I was staring at my sneaky cousin. Steve grinned, \"I couldn't find you after the party, so I thought that you and Andrew had left. Then, Matt called me and asked me if you two had made it home. No one had seen you guys since we left, but one of my boys called me, and told me how they heard some animal-like sounds from one of the bedrooms upstairs. I might not be as smart as you, Mel, but I think I'm smart enough to put two and two together.\" \" Oh, god ,\" I mumbled. Steve started laughing at my reaction. I buried my face in my hands, and Andrew looked like he was waiting to fall through a trap door. This had to be the most embarrassing moment of our lives. What made it worse was the pounding headache that was starting to develop in my head. Steve stood up, and walked over to us. \"Mel, you have nothing to be embarrassed about. Hell, you did mankind a favor by turning Andrew into a man tonight.\" I dropped my hands and said, \"Get out.\" Steve held his hands up in surrender and high-fived Andrew as he headed out the door. \"Mom and Pop are right next door, so I'd keep the noise level to a minimum if I were you. Trust me, I know what I'm talking about,\" he whispered to us at the doorway. I grabbed a pillow and threw it in his direction. Steve let out a hearty chuckle before he finally closed the door. I locked it, and turned to look at Andrew. \"I'm so sorry about that,\" I said quietly as I walked over and took his hands in mine. Andrew smiled, \"It's okay. I'm actually kinda glad.\" I cocked my head. \"Why?\" \"At least he's not mad. Steve's my friend, and if he got mad at me, then I would've regretted it.\" \"I guess I could understand that. But you don't regret it now, right? I know I don't.\" I leaned up and kissed him softly on the lips. Andrew kissed me back with so much confidence and intensity, it nearly scared me. But before things could escalate further, I pulled back. \"My head hurts and I'm really tired,\" I whined. Andrew sighed and I walked into the tiny bathroom at the back of the room. I quickly changed into tank top and threw on some shorts. I also wiped the makeup off, and brushed my teeth. Normally, I wouldn't have taken so much time in the bathroom, since I was getting ready for bed, but things were different now. Andrew and I were different. Things would never be the same, but I was okay with that now. When I came out, Andrew had discarded Steve's suit, and was wearing some old pajamas that he had left over a while ago. He was staring at the ceiling, a smile on his face. I climbed onto the bed next to him and we snuggled underneath the covers. Andrew lowered himself a little, so that his head was now nestled on my chest. I started stroking his hair absentmindedly, and kissed his forehead. \"I can hear your heartbeat,\" he mumbled sleepily. \"Yeah?\" \"Uh huh. It's nice,\" he trailed off as he fell into slumber. I laid there for a while, smiling, until I finally fell asleep as well. Xxx Andrew left early the next morning since he had been away from home all night and needed to go check on his mom. I gave him a quick peck on the lips before he zoomed out my window. When I came downstairs for breakfast, everyone noticed my happy mood, but, except for Steve, they couldn't figure out why. \"Can you believe what a beautiful day it is!\" I chimed as I made myself a glass of orange juice. \"Why are you in such a good mood?\" My aunt, Vanessa, asked from the stove where she was cooking breakfast. She looked a little like me, with her bright brown eyes and lighter complexion, but Steve looked exactly like my uncle Mike. \"I just feel good about life, that's all,\" I said quickly. \"Last night, I bet you were feeling good about something else-OW!\" Steve yelped when an apple collided with his skull. I smirked behind my orange juice. Xxx The rest of the week went by pretty normally. People were still whispering about what happened between that girl and Andrew, but I would hold his hand and glare at them when we walked past. On Saturday, Andrew and I hung out at the park, and then, I spent the rest of the day studying and finishing my senior project. A storm started brewing outside, and soon, I would have to unplug my laptop. Steve came in and plopped down on my bed. \"So, no plans with the boyfriend today?\" I kept my face on the computer screen, and shook my head. \"No, he had to go home to take care of his mom, but he was supposed to call me an hour ago. I wonder what's keeping him.\" All of a sudden, blood started coming out of Steve's nose, and he bolted out of my room. I followed him into his room, and held out a box of Kleenex that I found on his dresser. Steve took one as he started rummaging through his closet. \"What's going on? What's wrong?\" I asked Steve started to put on his winter coat and gloves and said, \"I think something's wrong with Andrew. I can feel it.\" The vision of Steve in the hospital flashed through my brain, and I said, \"Well, be careful.\" \"I will,\" he replied before he flew out of his window. Xxx It felt that my heart had stopped, that the world had paused around me. I didn't know what to believe or what to do anymore. I sat in the waiting room next to my aunt, since my uncle was outside on his phone talking to my dad. My aunt had her face buried into my shoulder which was now soaked with tears. My face pretty much matched hers. Andrew was curled up in a chair on the other side of the room. I didn't speak or look at him the whole time I had been here. He wouldn't tell me what happened, but I was so upset that I didn't even want to know. After a while, the doctor called us back into the ICU to visit Steve. I gasped when I saw his body badly burned and covered with bandages. There tubes coming out of his mouth and nose, and he looked so much older than 18. Just like in my vision… My aunt threw herself on the bed and started crying. My uncle wrapped his arms around her and just cried along with her. I started at Steve's heart monitor, my eyes following the ripples on the screen. My cousin, who was like a brother to me, was alive, but in a deep coma that he was not likely to come out of soon. I was grateful that he was alive since it could've turned out much worse. I wanted to cry too, but I just felt that I had to be strong for Steve's parents. I had lost my mom, but they still had their son. Soon, Casey and Matt showed up, along with about half of the school. Only three visitors were allowed in at a time, so the nurse allowed people to come in and drop off flowers. I just sat out in the hallway next to Andrew, whose gaze didn't falter from Steve's face. About an hour later, my aunt and uncle told me that they were gonna leave soon, but Andrew still hadn't gone into the room to see Steve yet, and neither had Matt. Matt kept looking at Andrew and I, an angry expression on his face. I walked into the room and stood at the edge of the bed. Andrew came in after me, followed by Matt and his camera. The door shut and the only noise came from the various monitors hooked up to Steve's body. Matt spoke up, \"What's going on, Andrew? You haven't returned my calls-\" \"I've been busy,\" Andrew blurted out, his eyes looking down at the floor. I stared at my dirty Converses, remaining silent. \"No, you haven't. Seriously, why haven't you been returning my calls?\" \"I just didn't feel like talking to you.\" \"Andrew, turn off the camera.\" \"No.\" \"Andrew-\"Matt reached for it, but then it lifted higher towards the ceiling almost. Matt sighed, \"Andrew, how do you get struck by lightning during a storm with no recorded lightning strikes? How?\" There was an accusatory tone in his voice that I noticed. My eyes darted between the two. \"I don't know.\" I said in a low voice, \"You know they found Steve in the middle of a field during the storm. Luckily, a trucker stopped on the side of the road and recognized his body and called an ambulance. They thought that he was gonna die before he reached the hospital.\" I felt the tears coming but I choked them back. Matt asked, his voice gaining volume, \"Why would Steve be in the middle of a field during a lightning storm, Andrew? Why? WHY?\" \"I don't know, Matt!\" Andrew yelled back. \"You know what? I don't believe you. And, I don't think Mel believes you either.\" \"I don't know what to believe,\" I said quietly. \"Andrew, I want you to turn off the camera-\" \"Why, Matt?\" \"BECAUSE I WANT TO HAVE A CONVERSATION WITH YOU!\" Matt yelled. \"DON'T TELL ME WHAT TO DO!\" Andrew shot back. \"Guys, stop!\" I said stepping in-between them. \"Do you think this is game? What did you do? What'd you do, Andrew?\" Matt asked. Andrew was silent, but he was looking at me. I avoided his gaze. I said, \"Guys, this is not the place for this. I want both of you to get out. I can't-I can't be in the middle of this.\" Andrew's camera lowered itself downward and Andrew caught it and left. Matt hovered by the doorway and said, \"He's messed up, Mel. He's different. I know that you care about him, and I do too, but he's changed. You have to talk to him. Maybe you can-\" \"What, Matt? What can I do? I don't have powers like you guys. I only had a vision about this…\" \"Wait, you saw this? You knew that this was gonna happen to Steve?\" I sighed and nodded. He walked up to me and asked, \"Well, why didn't you do anything? Why didn't you stop him?\" \"He said that he knew something was wrong with Andrew, and so he was going to go and check up on him. I didn't know where he was going or where Andrew was, so I let him go. I'm sorry, Matt.\" \"Don't apologize to me. I'm not the one who needs it,\" Matt said before he walked out. I walked over to Steve, leaned over and whispered, \"I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry about all of this. I don't know what to do. Andrew's upset, Matt's angry, and I can't…I can't handle all of this. I need you, Steve. I miss you. I want my brother back.\" By this time, I was full on sobbing and grabbed one of his scarred fingers to hold onto. In my mind, I pictured him as he was before, healthy, happy, and full of life. As I imagined it, I felt heat generate in my fingertips. It was an odd feeling, and I let go of Steve's hand. But when I looked down at his finger, I gasped. It was no longer purple and blotchy as it was before. Now, it was completely healed. Xxx That night, I couldn't sleep, and when school started on Monday, I was a mess. My aunt and uncle weren't in the best shape either, even though both of them had taken off work. My hair was messy, my clothes were baggy and wrinkled, and there were a few bags under my eyes. For some reason, my chest felt sore, like they had been put through a meat tenderizer, which only made my mood much worse. Luckily, the teachers had heard about Steve (who hadn't?) and I was excused from most of my classwork for the day. People that I had never even met kept coming up to me and saying how sorry they were for me. I got tired of it so I screamed, \"HE'S NOT DEAD, YOU JACKASS!\" to one of Steve's ex-girlfriends. Casey and I worked in silence during our class, but I promised that I would call her when I needed to talk to her. When lunch came around, Matt's words still rung in my head when I found Andrew sitting in our usual spot. He looked so defeated and lonely that it only made me want to start crying again. I knew what Matt was accusing Andrew of, and I didn't blame him. It was all too coincidental and suspicious. I didn't want to believe that Andrew had nearly killed my cousin, but it sure seemed that way. Maybe that was even the truth, but I still missed him . I mean, he was my boyfriend after all . I waved at Andrew as I made my way up the stands and sat next to him, his camera on his other side. I rested my head on his shoulder and took a deep breath. Andrew spoke up, emotion clear in his voice, \"Mel, you have to believe me. I don't know what I did. I didn't mean to hurt, Steve.\" I turned to look at him and he was crying, but he continued, \"I-I lost control and I…This thing is becoming a part of me, and I…I miss you. I miss Steve too. You have to believe me, Mel.\" I stood up and glared at him. \"I do believe you, Andrew. But you nearly killed him and put him in the hospital. My family is already broken enough as it is, and you just made it worse. I told you that if you hurt us, that I couldn't be with you. You're getting out of control and I just…I just can't deal with it anymore.\" I ran down the steps and cried all the way to the girls' bathroom. AN: Please Review! A few more chapters until the epic finale! Oh, what do think of Mel's (possible) new power?[Chapter 8] Chapter 7- Unexpected Two weeks later… \"I think all this stress isn't good for a girl your age. With your graduation approaching, Steve is in the hospital, and I don't see Andrew around anymore. Did something happen between you guys?\" My aunt asked me as she held my hair while I threw up my lunch into the toilet. I managed to say, \"He's become a different person. I don't know how to handle it.\" Then, my head dived right back into the toilet. \"Well, sometimes, people change for the ones they love. Have you at least tried to talk to him and make up?\" I raised my head slightly. \"I've called him numerous times to check on him and apologize, but his dad told me to stop calling their house.\" \"Maybe I can ask Mike to-\" \"NO! Please don't. This is between me and Andrew. Please don't make it any more complicated,\" I begged before I heaved up the rest of my lunch. I felt exhausted and bloated, so for the rest of the week, I stayed at home, assuming that I had the flu. Casey stopped by every day to bring me my work, and Matt came by once to talk to me about Andrew's behavior at school. While I was out, he got into it with a bully, and (telepathically) pulled the guy's teeth out. Plus, he's been kind of a recluse lately and won't talk to anyone. I told Matt to tell him that I missed him and that I was sorry. When Saturday came around, I still hadn't felt any better, but Matt told me that Andrew said he would come by to see me. However, he wasn't specific, so Andrew gave me quite a shock when I came back from visiting Steve. Andrew was sitting on my bed with red-stained eyes and he was looking at me with a solemn expression. I closed the door, and sat next to him. It was silent for a while, until I spoke. \"Andrew, I'm worried about you. What's going on?\" \"Dad and I got into it the other day. I used my powers against him. Then, I found out that mom's medicine is way too expensive for me to get it. She was coughing up blood again, and Dad didn't do anything about it. But you're right. I'm stronger than this. I'm going to fix this,\" he said defiantly. I scooted closer to him, and quietly asked, \"Well, what do you want me to do?\" \"I want you to make me forget, even if it's for a little while. I need to feel good about something in my life,\" he whispered before leaning in to kiss me. His kiss was desperate and laced with emotion and intensity. I immediately responded without thinking about it and the rest of the night was a blur of love, passion, and emotion. Xxx When I woke up the next morning, as I expected, Andrew was gone, but that was okay. I smiled and slipped on my purple robe before heading into the bathroom. I sighed at I stared at myself in the mirror. My dark hair was all over my head, my eyes were way too bright, and there was a small red spot forming on my neck. Later on, when I tried to put my brand-new jeans on, I couldn't zip them up. That's odd, I just bought these… Then, I thought back, contributing my bloating to… Wait a minute. When was the last time I…? Oh, crap. I can't be…can I? I went over to the calendar on my dresser and checked. I also reviewed the symptoms of having a period and early signs of pregnancy online. I gasped when I saw bloating, fatigue, nausea, and cravings on the list. I realized that I had been overeating lately, but I thought that it was just due to stress, since I tend to do that a lot. When I thought back to how much time had passed since the party, I noticed that it made sense now. Everything made sense now. I was pregnant. With Andrew Detmer's baby. But there was only one way to find out for sure. I grabbed my phone off of the nightstand. \"Hey, Casey, can I ask you for a favor?\" AN: Sorry that it is so short, but it's mainly a filler(but important!) chapter. The next one will be longer, and there will be more surprises to come. Poor, Mel, not even 18 yet and already prego. It wasn't my intention at first, but when I was mapping out the sequel's storyline, I had to do it. Please Review![Chapter 9] Chapter 8 -The Guardians Casey watched me as I paced back and forth, waiting for the results of the pregnancy test to show up. We had skipped first and second period since we had to go to the drug store to pick up the tests, and now we were in the girls' bathroom next to the cafeteria. Luckily, no one rarely used it since the toilets tended to overflow half the time. \"Would you stop that? You're making me nervous,\" Casey said as she turned to look at me. \"You're nervous? I'm the one who's knocked up! I'm supposed to be nervous!\" Then, I started crying. Her face softened and she hugged me. \"Shh, its gonna be okay. It's gonna be okay, Mel,\" she cooed in my ear. Her cell phone's timer went off, which meant that the results should have shown on the tests. We had set three out, and all of them had little pink plus signs on them. I picked one up and said, \"Damnit! Curse you stupid little pink plus sign!\" \"Don't blame the little pink plus signs, Mel. It's not their fault that the condom broke,\" Casey joked. \"Ha, ha. But don't you get it? My dad is gonna kill me when he finds out. This is one doodle that can't be undid,\" I said, smiling a little when I quoted Juno . \"That is true, but you barely see your dad. And, it's not about him; it's about you, Andrew, and that unborn baby inside of you. That's what's important. Mel, I'm sure you'll be a great mom,\" she said as she hugged me again. I nodded and started crying again as I held up one of the pregnancy tests to my face. Xxx Casey promised me that she wouldn't tell anyone, especially Matt, since I wanted to do that on my own. I knew the person I had to tell first was Andrew, since it was his kid after all. I tried to tell him at school, but I couldn't find him, and he wasn't sitting in the bleachers like he normally did during lunch. When I got home I expected to find him in my room again since I hadn't seen him all day, but he wasn't there. I couldn't find him at school either. Then, the doorbell rang, and since my uncle and aunt were still at work, I answered it. It was Andrew's father. He smelled like alcohol, his clothes were dirty and wrinkled, and his dark hair was dishelved. \"Have you seen Andrew? The boy's not at home, and no one has seen him,\" he grumbled, his hot alcohol breath warming up my face. I shook my head. \"No, I haven't. I'm sorry, but I-\" He grunted and stalked off. I shut the door, angrily. He didn't deserve to be Andrew's father nor my child's grandfather. Xxx My aunt and uncle called a little while later, and told me that they were both going to a ceremony out of town, so they would be back late. Casey invited me to her cousin's party, and Matt was also going to be there, so I decided to go. As I finished getting ready, there was a knock at the door. When I opened the door, two strange men greeted me. They looked alike, but very different. Both were tall, had the same deep blue eyes, and brown hair. However, the older one had a beard, tan, and wore a dirty t-shirt and Bermuda shorts, and the younger one was wearing a suit and seemed more put together. \"May I help you?\" I asked. \"Yes, I am Carter Simmons, and this is my father, Jason. We are looking for Andrew Detmer, Steve Montgomery, and Matt Garetty; you are Steve's cousin, Melanie, right?\" the younger one spoke up. I stepped back a little, shocked that these strangers knew who I was. \"Did they do something wrong?\" \"Well, last night, Detmer was caught stealing money from a convenience store and taken into custody. He's currently being held at Seattle Grace Medical Center since he's in the ICU. Melanie, he's a threat to humanity, and we need to intervine before this gets ugly,\" the bearded man, Jason I presumed, continued on. \"Who are you? How do you about us, about them?\" I asked confused. Jason said, \"We call ourselves the Guardians, ancient protectors of Earth and humanity. We have also come in contact with a glowing rock and possessed powers, except we've been using ours for good for the past 20 years. We can help Andrew and the others control these powers.\" \"So why are you here? What do I have to do with this?\" Carter and Jason exchanged looks and Jason nodded his approval before walking off to a black SUV. There were other men in suits surrounding the SUV and stretch limo in front of them. Carter said, \"Listen, you're young, and I know this is a lot to take in, but we need to get to the boy before his father does.\" \"Do you guys work for the government?\" Carter shook his head. \"No, the government doesn't even know we exist. And we want to keep it that way. Do you know what would happen if the world found out about us? About you?\" I did wonder what would happen quite often. We would be locked away somewhere, experimented on, and considered a threat to security, way worse than any \"weapon of mass destruction\". And I guessed that's what they thought Andrew was, or was heading, anyway. But I couldn't stop him by myself. \"I understand completely. I still have questions, and don't trust you, but you're right. Andrew is a ticking time-bomb waiting to blow, and his dad is the person to set him off. I need to get to him. Like, right now,\" I urged as I grabbed my jacket and followed Carter to the limo. He opened the door for me, and all of the guys in the suits piled into the front of the limo or the SUV behind us. \"So how many of you are there?\" I asked as I settled in the seat. Carter was lost in thought and looked up at me. \"Oh, I'm not really a part of this. This is just a…favor of sorts to my father. But, there are only three of them; my father, his friend, Jim, and the newbie, Noah. My sister, Leslie, would make four, but her powers aren't as developed as theirs are.\" I nodded and continued, \"So how long have you guys been stalking us?\" He grimaced, like it wasn't obvious that they hadn't. \"Carter, right? I'm not stupid. How else would you know about our names and such if you hadn't been watching us?\" Carter sighed, \"Fine, but only for a few weeks. We just thought that you kids would just keep doing what you were doing before, pulling pranks and jokes. But once the boys learned how to fly, we realized how strong you were getting and how quickly they were progressing, especially Andrew.\" \"To think, I never really realized it myself. So, if Andrew does lose it as you think he will, what am I supposed to do?\" Carter bit his lip and ran his hand through his dark hair. Then, he said, \"You know how Superman's weakness is kryptonite?\" I nodded, unsure of where he was going with this. He reached down under his seat, pulled out a suitcase, and took out a small knife. Then, he took my hand, and placed the knife on my palm. I stared at him wide eyed. \"I don't understand…\" I murmured. Carter spoke, his words making my fragile heart crack in two, \"Yes, Melanie. When the time comes, you're going to have to do the unthinkable, because, well, you're Andrew's kryptonite.\" AN: I have been waiting for this chapter since it is the main reason for the title of this story. What do you guys think? Do you think Mel will actually kill Andrew or not? In the next chapter, we will learn of Mel's decision, and a special someone will make an appearance. The Guardians are gonna be an important plot device in the sequel, there will be a villain, and Mel is gonna have the baby, which will also play an important part. So, you guys excited? PLEASE REVIEW![Chapter 10] AN: Sorry, it's been almost a month since I last updated. I just needed to take a break from writing since I was falling behind in school. My brain was on overload since this is the longest chapter in this story. But now, school will be over soon, so then, I will put up the last chapter for this sending us into the sequel. Anyways, Enjoy! Chapter 9 -Knife through the Heart Carter agreed with me that we should ask Matt to help since he was Andrew's cousin. Understandably, Matt would've been very upset with me anyways if I had asked some strangers for help when we could've tried to salvage the situation ourselves. Besides he was a part of this too, and needed to know what was going. When we reached the house, I practically jumped out of the limo and ran to the front door. I banged on the door and yelled, \"Casey, Matt, it's me! Open up!\" Casey's mom opened the door and I brushed past her without saying anything to her. Finally, I found Matt in the kitchen and put my hand on his shoulder to turn his body toward me. Matt seemed surprised at my urgency and said, \"Hey, Mel, you made it! You don't look too happy…\" I pulled him off to the side and whispered, \"Matt, Andrew's on the verge of a possible psychotic breakdown, and there are men in suits outside who know what we are and what we can do. I don't trust them, but they said that they could help us before this gets out of hand.\" Matt's mouth flew open and asked in a panicked voice, \"How did they find out? Who are they? Are they here to arrest us?\" I shook my head. \"Trust me, if they worked for the government, we would all be a lab right now, poked and probed, and fed food through a tube in a padded cell. But they haven't done anything yet; they want us to intervene first. They think Andrew is a threat to people.\" Matt snorted, \"I've been saying that for the past month…\" \"Matt, this is serious! They will kill him if they get the chance. Hell, they might even kill us! We don't know what they're capable of, so let's just go to the hospital to talk to him.\" Matt seemed surprised at my words. \"Andrew's in the hospital? When did that happen?\" \"You didn't know? Andrew tried to rob a store last night to get money for your aunt's medicine. Only something went wrong, so he's in the hospital under police surveillance. We have to go and see him now, Matt, before it's too late.\" As soon as \"late\" left my mouth, my stomach started to clench and Matt's hands flew to his head. I walked over to the counter and rubbed my stomach, while taking deep breaths. Matt groaned in pain, and in the next minute blood began to seep out of his nose. He grabbed a paper towel and held one out of me. I touched my face in confusion, and fresh blood was smeared on my fingers. \"It must be Andrew,\" I gasped as another tight clench gripped my body. Matt nodded and wrapped his free arm around me. Casey's family had now piled into the living room and a news broadcast was on, informing viewers of a massive explosion at Seattle Grace Medical Center. My eyes widened. That was the hospital where Andrew was. He had to be the one that caused it. But why was I in so much pain? I said, \"Matt, that's Andrew's hospital. It's getting worse.\" Matt took that as our cue to leave. As we walked through the door, Casey asked from behind me, \"Where are you guys going?\" Matt turned and said, \"Sorry, Case, but I'm taking Mel home. She doesn't…feel good right now. Just stay inside, okay.\" Casey seemed uncertain but nodded when my face twisted in pain. I moaned and my eyes started to tear up. In an instant, we were flanked by the men in suits and ushered into the limo. I sat next to Matt and he held me close to him as another ripple of pain shot through me. More blood was coming out of my nose, so much that Carter had to hand Matt his handkerchief. \"You must be Matt. Funny, you and Andrew don't look related at all,\" Carter spoke up. Matt asked in a dark tone, \"Who are you and what do you want?\" \"That is none of your concern right now, Mr. Garetty. Our main focus as of this moment is Andrew and Melanie. We just want to help you. You see all of the destruction that your cousin has caused? We can help you with that. We can help you learn more about your powers and control them better. We can protect you.\" \"Why should we trust you?\" \"Because we are the only people you can trust right now. You see, Andrew is like a runaway train. Powerful, unstoppable, and unstable; a force of nature. But the train has to stop eventually right? It either hits a brick wall, derails, or falls off a cliff. And as a last resort, something slows it down. That's we need you two to do.\" My breathing started to even out and the pain was starting to subside. The blood had even stopped running out of my nose. But was scared me was how it stopped all at once. \"Feeling better, Melanie?\" Carter asked his eyes boring into mine. I nodded and sat up a little straighter. I rubbed my tummy, and cooed, \"Its okay. Mommy's okay now.\" Matt gasped and stared at me. His eyes darted between my stomach and my face, before he started counting backwards. Then, realization finally hit him. \"So you're…You're really….How? Who? When?\" he asked. I sighed. \"Yes, I'm pregnant. It's Andrew's and it happened during the after-party several weeks ago.\" \"It's ANDREW'S! WHAT?\" Matt exclaimed, his face contorted with happiness and shock. \"Matt, calm down. You look ridiculous. I thought Steve told you about us?\" Matt shook his head. \"I knew that you guys were together, but I didn't know that you two had already-Wow.\" \"Well, that explains it,\" Carter spoke up, making us remember that he was still in the limo with us, listening to our conversation. We were entering downtown now, and there were people and cars clustered all along the streets as we neared the hospital. I could visibly see the smoke cloud from the explosion rising into the air. \"Explains what?\" Matt and I asked in unison. \"The pain you were having. Do you usually get nosebleeds when they use their powers?\" I shook my head. \"Only when I get visions.\" Carter continued, \"My theory is that the boys' powers connect them together. Your power is different from theirs so you're not as connected to them. However, because the baby is half of Andrew and half of you, it has created a connection to him, and therefore, to you as well. So, when he pushes himself too hard, you can feel it, because the baby is inside of you.\" Matt and I were silent after that. It made sense as to why I was feeling all of this pain when usually I'm not affected when they exert themselves. I took a moment to think this over, when the limo suddenly stopped. We were stuck in traffic about a half-block away from the hospital. Emergency vehicles and throngs of people filled the streets, restricting us from going any further. Andrew was here, I could practically feel him coursing through my veins, and Matt looked at me as if he felt the same. Then, there were screams and something emerged from the smoke cloud. Andrew! What's that he's holding? I inched toward the window to see better, like Matt and Carter were, and gasped. Or should I say who? Matt took action and immediately jumped out of the limo. I followed him and Carter and his men were on our time. Matt was worming his way through the crowd, never taking his eyes off of Andrew's mattered body. He was wearing a hospital gown and bandages covered his feet, arms, and head. His father, I presumed, was dangling in the air by his feet. I stumbled into someone and lost Matt in the crowd. From where I was though I could see Andrew looking down at us, as if we were all insects. Andrew smirked, as if he knew a secret that we didn't, and I shook my head. Don't do it. Don't do it. Don't do it. Please don't do it. Sadly, my silent plea was all for nothing, because after that, everything went to hell. Andrew let go of Richard's foot and I screamed in terror as he proceeded to fall to his impending death. However, Matt flew up and caught him before he hit the ground. I started to run to them, but Carter yanked me back. I looked up to see Andrew glaring at Matt, a dark look on his face. That's when I realized he wasn't my Andrew anymore; the sweet, shy boy that I had fell in love with. No, he was now corrupted by something mad and sinister and it scared the crap out me. As Carter and Jason had predicted, he had lost it. He had lost himself to the dark side. But he wasn't evil. He couldn't be, right? Matt and Andrew took off into the sky and Carter ushered me back inside of the limo. The internet was in utter chaos at what was happening since Carter had pulled out his laptop to monitor what was going on. I was looking out of the window, my eyes frantically searching for any signs of them. Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Carter pull out a mysterious disk and insert it into the computer. I asked, \"What is that?\" \"It's a program I designed to hack into different programs and sites to delete files, like these videos of Andrew and Matt flying around the Space Needle,\" Carter answered as he turned the laptop toward me. The video wasn't playing, but you could clearly make out Andrew and Matt's faces on the screen. Something blurry in the background was coming toward Matt when the image disappeared. It had been deleted. I sighed in relief and wondered where they were now. The limo was trailing behind the police cars that were heading into the downtown area. The limo stopped since the rest of the street had been barricaded. We couldn't go any further, except on foot. I unbuckled my seat belt and hurriedly climbed out. I was about to start running when Jason's voice called out \"Stop!\" I paused and turned around to face him. Carter had also climbed out of the limo and stood right beside him. \"I have to stop this!\" I blurted out. \"No, it's too dangerous for a girl in your…condition to be around something so destructive. We'll handle this; this is what we have trained for,\" Jason said. \"No, I will handle this! You guys get anywhere near him, and you'll kill him. I know that because you see him as a threat. He will see you the same way, and then, it'll only cause more trouble. Let me go to him. I'm the only person who can get through to him.\" After that, I took off to the shocked expression on Jason's face and the satisfactory smirk on Carter's. I really didn't know where I was going, I just felt this power inside of draining all of my strength as well as pushing me forward. My nose was starting to bleed a little, so I knew that I was getting closer. I moved in and out of alleys, streets, people, and cars, getting closer to them with each step I took. The knife was still in its cover in my back pocket, and I hoped that I wouldn't need to use it. Someone bumped into me and I fell on my butt onto the side of the street. A speeding SWAT truck was coming straight towards me, but someone grabbed me just in time. I could feel the wind against my face, ruffling the curls in my hair. I clutched onto the stranger's body and felt us begin to descend. My feet touched the ground and my hair was moved away from my face. My mouth fell open and I was pretty sure my heart stopped when I saw who it was. \"STEVE! OHMYGOD, STEVE YOU'RE ALIVE!\" I embraced him and cried onto his chest. Steve chuckled and held me for a few seconds before he pulled back and wiped the tears from my face. I could clearly see him now since we were standing near a lamppost in an alleyway between two skyscrapers. His face was mostly clear except for some scarring and dark spots where his skin was still healing. He was wearing baggy jeans, some sneakers, and a hoodie that said, \"Get 'ir done!\" \"How are you…what is this…what are you doing here?\" I asked as I tried to gain control of my breathing again. He glanced around, making sure that we were alone, and took my hand. We were running down the street, following the fire truck that had just breezed past us. \"I can't explain it. I don't really know either,\" he called out to me as we turned a corner. I could feel my connection to Andrew getting stronger by the minute, and I knew we were about a block away. I continued to try to keep up with him, but Andrew was using his powers so much that it was taking its toll on me. I stopped and so did Steve. Steve's nose was also dripping blood, but he was trying to ignore it. A helicopter flew over our heads and Steve picked me up bridal style. He took off after it, running more now than when he played football. \"Steve, really, you have to tell me. How did you come back?\" I yelled in his ear since the street was starting to become clustered with people taking off in the opposite direction as us. They were running away in fear. Steve was focused on his goal but I could see that the wheels were churning in his head. Then, realization dawned on me. That first night in the hospital when Matt and Andrew got into that fight and I held his hand and cried. I felt the energy transfer from my body to his, and his finger was completely healed. And every day that I would visit him, I would hold his hand or touch his face. I had been healing him without even realizing it. Well, technically, the body could heal itself, but I just sped up the process. I had healing powers! I was almost giddy since I felt that I had a useful power after all, but as we inched closer, the pang in my stomach grew stronger. I was going to have to face Andrew, and I was afraid of what the outcome would be. But if I had planned my moves carefully, I could save all of us, even Andrew. Steve turned another corner and the street was swarmed with cops and SWAT teams. People were all over the place and we would never make it past the cops so Steve maneuvered himself on the other side of the barricade and hid us behind a bus stop. It was the perfect spot since no one could interfere and we could see everything. I could reach Andrew before the cops could stop me. I saw two figures on the ground and recognized Matt's clothes. Andrew was wearing his hospital gown and covered with bandages, his face red and splotched. Andrew stood up but wobbled a little disoriented. The cops were yelling at Andrew and Matt to stay down, unsure of what they were going to do next. Matt moved his head and moved a little, but he still stayed down. Steve shifted behind me, but I threw out my hand to stop him. \"No, don't,\" I yelled out over all the noise. Matt coughed and yelled, \"ANDREW! ANDREW, STOP! PLEASE DON'T HURT THEM!\" Steve tried to move again but I grabbed his arm. \"Mel, what are you doing? I have to stop him.\" Steve tried to stand up but then he clutched his head and sat back down on the concrete. \"Not yet! I have to do it!\" I yelled back. Suddenly, Andrew sent out a powerful shockwave that sent all of the cops, SWAT members, and unlucky passerbys on their backs. Luckily, Steve and I were out of range so it didn't affect us. But, Andrew was out of control and too powerful for his own good. The Guardians had to be nearby and they were probably waiting for the right opportunity to strike before any of us could anything about it. This was it. I had to get to him now or this was the end. I gathered all of my strength to pull myself to feet and took off towards Andrew's trembling body. I could feel that he was on the verge of collapsing, but the surge of power kept him pushing his body to the limit. Andrew cried out and the ground started to tremble beneath my feet, shattering the glass of the buildings around us. I covered my head, and pushed people out of the way as I entered the clearing. Andrew growled with a fierce intensity, and Matt kept screaming, \"ANDREW! ANDREW STOP!\" This just caused Andrew to use his powers even more, and the sharp pain my stomach returned. \"ANDREW STOP! PLEASE!\" I yelled as loud as I could before legs gave out from under me and I fell on my knees. I coughed, and the blood pouring out of my nose dripped onto the ground. \"ANDREW!\" I called out again and fell onto my side. The ground stopped moving, there was a whooshing sound, and Andrew's face was above mine. I smiled and reached out to cup his cheek with my hand. His eyes were clouded, and he seemed to be struggling with two sides of himself. They were still beautiful to me, and I knew that he could never hurt me. I was the only exception in his eyes. The police had recovered and were moving in on us, but Andrew sent out another shockwave to hold them back. I could see Matt's eyes on me, wondering what I was doing; if I was really going to get through to him. I leaned up and kissed Andrew softly as my mind weighed out the options in front of me. We could run away together and be the family that we always wanted. I could just keep kissing him and let the police get ahold of us. Let the Guardians kill us instead. Or, my final option: kill Andrew myself. I continued to kiss Andrew deeply to distract him from what I was doing, where my hand was pulling out the knife from my pocket. I slipped off the cover, and pulled back from Andrew. My eyes began to tear up, and I whispered, \"I'm sorry\", before I plunged the knife deep into his back. Andrew's eyes widened with shock at what was happening and hurt at my betrayal. I pulled out the knife and hugged his body, using every last ounce of energy I had left. Finally, Andrew's eyes drooped and they closed before his body went limp. It was completely silent except for the sound of the chopper above since no one had expected what I had done. It was a last-minute decision and I rolled onto my back, breathing in relief that it was over. I was on the verge of unconsciousness and I reached out to take Andrew's hand. The last image I saw before I passed out was Steve's confused face. Xxx When I woke up, I noticed that I was back inside the limo. I wasn't alone though. I was nestled on Steve's lap with my head lying on his chest. Matt was curled up on the seat on the other side, staring out of the window. Carter was texting frantically on his Blackberry. I shifted in Steve's lap and he announced, \"She's awake.\" \"Where are we? What happened?\" I asked groggily. Carter said, \"We're on our way to the airport, where a private jet is waiting for us. We need to get out of Seattle pronto. Most of the evidence from tonight's events has been erased, and my team has started spreading rumors that it was a publicity stunt.\" This time, Matt joined in the conversation. \"Publicity stunt? How is that going to fool anybody? I was hovering in the air with people about 10 feet away from, filming everything.\" Carter replied, \"Remember the balloon boy? The media ate it up thinking that a real boy was in that balloon for so long, when it turned out that the boy had just been hiding away in the house. Well, the same thing is happening here. In their eyes, it seems real, but it's not. It's an illusion. A trick of the mind. In other words, we just mind-fucked all of Seattle and maybe Washington State.\" I asked in quiet voice, \"What did you with Andrew's body?\" \"We are going to dispose of it as soon as possible. We can't leave anything to chance,\" Carter answered, never taking his eyes away from his phone. I sat up, fully awake. \"NO! You can't do that!\" \"Why not, Melanie? Andrew's dead. You killed him, remember?\" I bit my lip and looked down at my lap. I looked up at Steve, who cocked his head to the side. \"There's something you're not telling us, Mel. I can see it.\" All of the guys stared at me, waiting for me to open my mouth. So I did. \"Okay, I did stab Andrew like you asked me to. But I missed his heart.\" They all blinked at me in surprise. I blurted out, \"Andrew's not dead.\" AN: SURPRISE! You really thought that I would just let Andrew die? Originally, I was going to kill him off just like in the movie, but then, I watched Spiderman 3 with a friend, and we argued about who was better, Spiderman or Venom. This inspired me when I started writing in Andrew's POV in the sequel, which doesn't have a name yet. Any suggestions? And you know what to do, REVIEW![Chapter 11] Chapter 10 -The End? An hour later, we ended up outside of Seattle at a small airport. There were two private jets waiting and I froze. Carter hung up his phone and the limo's doors opened. The guys in suits pulled us out and started dragging us in different directions. I shrugged off the guy holding me and ran up to Carter, who was in a heated argument with his father. \"Carter!\" I yelled to get his attention. He turned to look at me and I slapped him across his face. He blinked and stared at me in shock. \"What the hell do you think you're doing? Where are taking Matt and Steve? Where are you taking me?\" I demanded. Jason placed a hand on my shoulder but I slapped it away. Jason sighed, \"Carter is taking you to Tampa, Florida. We think that's its best for you to lay low for awhile until this blows over. Plus, I checked Andrew's pulse and like you said, he's still alive. But highly unconscious. Whatever you did to him put him in some sort of coma-like state, and when he awakens, it won't be pretty. It's for the best.\" \"No its not! It's best when he's around people that he knows! Like me!\" Carter interjected, \"This isn't about you, Melanie. Andrew is too dangerous and powerful for his own good. My dad has offered to help him, as well as Matt and Steve, control their powers better. We're taking them someplace far away from here. You have to trust us.\" I looked over at Matt and Steve, who were standing near the entrance of one of the jets. I glanced back and forth between them, and then I sighed, defeated. \"Fine, I trust you. For now,\" I mumbled. Then, I walked over to Matt and Steve and hugged them each for a long time. Steve whispered to me, \"It's gonna be okay, Mel. We're gonna get through this. Together, all of us. You'll see.\" I pulled back, my eyes wet with tears, \"I believe you. But what if Andrew can't be saved? What if we can't bring him back? Then, what will we do?\" Steve sighed, \"I don't know. But we'll try to figure it out.\" One of the suits tapped me on the shoulder and told us that we had to leave now before the police caught up to us. I kissed Matt and Steve on their cheeks and hugged them one last time. Carter beckoned me over to him and I followed him up the steps into his jet. It was smaller than I thought, but cozy. I flopped down onto one of the leather seats near the window. Carter sat in the seat facing me, but I avoided his eyes. \"Don't say anything,\" I growled as the doors closed and the engine started up. Carter sighed, and started texting on his cell phone. I looked out the window and waved at Matt and Steve as the jet started to head toward the runway. When we started to ascend into the night sky, that's when the waterworks started. I placed a hand on my stomach and hoped that in the end, Steve would be right. AN: Sorry it took so long for me to update! First, I had to catch up on my schoolwork, then I had finals right afterwards. After that, my sister's birthday was coming up, and I had to get ready to move. But now everything has calmed down a bit so I can get back to writing again. The sequel WILL be up in the next couple of days, I just have to rewrite some stuff. Anyways, review AND I STILL need a title suggestion for the sequel story! ","Summary":" Prologue (Recorded at 3:15 pm, March 16 2016) \" I would love to see a young girl go out and grab t"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"Rebirth","Author":"iwatchiwonder","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/7900537","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hey Everyone- So I am obsessed with Steve. Officially. And I refuse to accept that this is over. Michael B Jordan guest starred on an episode of House this week and gave me an idea about bringing our boy back. The narrative may be a tad confusing in this chapter but bear with me. I have some stuff brewing. Steve's POV is in bold. Enjoy. I woke up with a jolt, drenched in sweat, panting and with an unsettled feeling that let me know I would not be getting back to sleep any time soon. I was almost getting used to it. I couldn't remember the last time I had slept through the night at this point. This was just another in a long list of new and exciting developments in my new life; in my new normal. I stretch out and glance at my phone before heading to the shower. 4 hours sleep. Not bad. The noise in my head is getting clearer somehow. Like a fuzzy radio transmission that only needed to be tuned properly. I knew there was a message trying to get through. I just wasn't sure who was controlling the dials. I turn on the shower while I am heading to the bathroom. My new normal definitely had its perks and I was determined to enjoy them as long as my powers meant not sleeping and hearing voices. Not sleeping and hearing voices. I wonder, for about the umpteenth time today, whether I should just give up on this crazy mission and admit that I having some sort of mental episode. My parents were already convinced I was crazy. I hadn't exactly told them that the voices told me to pick some school in the middle of nowhere but they already thought I was crazy. Maybe I am I think grimly as I shut my eyes and let the water run down my scalp and my back. That funny resolve stirs up again and I just know that something big is about to happen and that all I have to do is wait. Maybe I would get the answers I needed. At first all there was nothing. There was no me and no here and I existed, or more specifically did not exist (there was no me) in the nothing for a long time. Slowly and then all at once I was born again, for the second time. Then there was darkness. There was also sound. And I lay in the dark and tried to piece it all together. All I knew was to call their names Andrew, Matt. I knew I didn't need to shout. Just think their names and they'll come. Andrew, Matt. I'm here. Help. I wake up with a jolt but this time I am not scared, I am not confused or uncertain. I quickly change into jeans, a t-shirt and a hoodie and throw my north face jacket over it. As I slide into my converse I summon my keys and wallet over. I don't know how long I'll be gone but I finally, finally know where I am going. I take a deep breath and let myself take off. It was hard at first but now it is the easiest thing in the world. The only part I don't like is the cold. I shove my hands into my pockets regretting that I didn't bring my gloves with me. I clear my mind and respond-I'm on my way. Hold on. After that all I have to do is follow my instinct. Something deep inside me is telling me where to go. When I land in a graveyard I am more than a little perturbed. I stand there for five minutes trying to figure out what to do. Finally, I decide to risk just asking. \"Hello. I'm here. What should I do?\" I ask. Half muttering because speaking the words out loud feel more normal than just thinking them. \"Come\" the tug upsets my equilibrium and I stumble before regaining my balance. It pulls me forward. We stop at a grave with a cracked headstone. Steve Montgomery, died 2011. \"Help\" the voice implores. I know I have to dig. Pushing down the revulsion that rises up in me I start to displace the dirt taking only small mounds at first because I am not sure what I will find down there. Maybe it is another shiny alien rock with superpower giving abilities. I reconsider checking myself into the student mental health facility tomorrow. I shake my head when I feel a laugh that isn't mine. It is only then that I consider the possibility that there is a person. My heart beats faster. I feel around mentally and get a sense of the coffin. I think I can pull it out. \"Is that okay?\" I think asking for the person's permission before trying. \"Go for it\" the voice encourages. It's important to get a good feel for the dimensions and edges of an object before trying to lift it. You don't want to shatter it or crush it, especially when there is someone in there. Another laugh, bizarre, I wouldn't be laughing if I were buried alive. \"You would be if you weren't going to be much longer\", Comes the reply as clear as day. I instinctively turn around to see if anyone's there but I know I didn't hear it with my ears. I feel like a solid grip on it so I start to lift. The soil makes it slightly tricky. It's heavier and the earth shifts unpredictably around it as I move it. I mess up a few of the surrounding graves. Finally I feel it give way a second before it appears on the surface. I set it down gently and approach it. I am curious even though I probably should be cautious. I can kick a lot more ass now than when I was a normal twenty year old girl. The roof of the coffin shoots open and goes ricocheting into the trees in the distance almost comically. A man sits up. His voice is rough from disuse. \"Don't worry. I won't hurt you\" He says. I approach him and help pull him out of the coffin. He leaves it over eagerly and trips on his way out gulping in the fresh air and stumbling around drunkenly. \"Are you okay?\" I ask. It feels strange to talk to him with my voice. \"I can't see,\" He responds before passing out.[Chapter 2] I could tell she was trying to be quiet and I would have appreciated it, if she wasn't thinking so freaking loudly. I shift in bed and I can feel her focus on me. I'm not sure how long I've been asleep. I'm not sure where we are. I'm not sure who she is or how she heard me calling. It feels good to be lying in a bed. To be in my body and feel how exhausted it is. To be alive. My stomach growls and I open my eyes and sit up. The darkness is going to take some getting used to. Something in the pit of my stomach lets me know it isn't going to change that I am going to be this way, blind, forever. She clears her throat. \"You must be hungry. I can run out and get us something\" She says, mostly to herself. Her voice is soothing and her accent is foreign but I can't place it. My mind only registers 'not American'. I clear my throat and remind myself to make an effort. She did save me after all. \"That'd be great. I'm Steve, by the way\" I stick out my hand in a guesstimation of where she is standing. Her hand makes contact with mine. It is slim with long fingers. Her hand is cool in mine and her handshake is firm. \"Aisha. Do you want to shower while I'm out? I think we need to discuss some stuff when I get back. After you eat of course… Are you allergic to anything?\" She asks. I shake my head. I hear her walk away and she pauses as if she remembered something. \"Let me help you find the bathroom before I go\" She says, sounding embarrassed. \"Thanks\", realizing I'm not really in a position to be proud. She gives me a quick tour of the room which is sweet but essentially useless as I am way too disoriented to even begin to understand the shape of the room. Once I hear her leave I grope around and shut the door. My telekinesis is working. I can feel it but I can't use it. Without sight to guide me I have no idea what I am doing. It's why I had no idea how to free myself from the coffin. I reach out and find the shower, turn it on to let it run and warm up and slip out of my clothes piling them in a corner of the room. They smell like they've been locked in a box and buried for God knows how long. I don't want to put them back on. The shower feels amazing I linger for what must be 45 minutes. Emboldened by the shower I fumble around and find a towel, dry myself and grope and locate the sink and find a toothbrush. I hear the door open. I'm not sure how long I have been laying on her the bed enjoying the feeling of being clean and being reassured by the sound of my own breathing. \"Hey. Are you okay?\" She asks. The strange connection between us means that not only can I hear the concern in her voice but I can feel it. I feel it just as strongly as if I were feeling it. It's going to take some getting used to. \"I don't have any clean clothes\" I reply. \"I brought you some\" She says cheerfully, approaching me \"Here\" She says placing something cottony in my hand. She smells like grass after it rains; fresh and earthy. \"It's a t-shirt and I got you some pants and underwear as well. I don't know how stylish they are; I had to buy them at the corner shop. But they are clean. They should fit\" Without thinking I get out of bed. Her embarrassment hits me like a wave. She wordlessly hands me a pair of boxers and I slip them on. I manage to get the clothes on as well before finding the bed and lying back down, exhausted. \"I got us KFC. It's unhealthy and not really firs but it was the only thing within walking distance\" She says. \"You can't fly?\" I ask. She pauses as if she is unsure of whether to answer. \"I can. I kind of didn't know if you were going to freak out and blow up the town. Figured I should stay close\" She explains as she dishes out the food and hands it to me. I dig in hungrily and rush to swallow before replying. \"What do you mean?\" I ask. \"Can't you feel how unstable you are right now?\" She asks. He can so he just nods thoughtfully as he chews his food. We eat in silence. Aisha gathers up all the wrappers and tosses them in the bin. She hands me a napkin and I clean my face. \"So do you have any idea what is going on?\" She asks exasperated. The way she puts it makes me smile. \"None. How did you hear me?\" I asks. \"I just did. I guess the same way you can hear me\" I raise my eyebrow unsatisfied by the explanation. \" I was on holiday at my Grandmother's house; taking a village vacation while waiting to see which schools I got into. One day I was wandering down the hill and I found this huge crater. I climbed in and there was this…\" She trails off having difficulty finding the right words. \"Shiny life rock alien looking thing\" I know my voice is distant but I am taken back to the night of the party. The night I first became joined to Matt and Andrew. The day that changed everything forever. \"Er.. yeah. And my nose starts bleeding and there's this sound and the next thing I know I'm back outside my Grandmother's house. I climbed into bed and slept for a really long time. When I woke up I just felt…different\" She sighs at the inadequacy of the word. Basically she woke up and was so different and yet exactly the same. It was wonderful, confusing, isolating and terrifying all at once. As she thought it; before she glanced at him and saw the look of comprehension in his eyes, she knew that he understood. She felt that he had been through the exact same thing. \"Those guys in Seattle, were they your friends?\" She asked. \"What guys? What happened?\" I ask. \"One of them just freaked out and started wrecking everything. I felt it all the way from Nairobi. My nose started bleeding when I was in the shower. He was so angry and out of control. I couldn't hold it in; I broke the glass shower partition thing. It was like that for maybe half an hour and then it stopped. I turned on the news and saw what had happened. How the guy he was with stopped him. How there were people in the world just like me. How dangerous I could be if I ever got mad enough.\" She finishes solemnly. I already knew how dangerous we could be. My mind flashes to feeling Andrew's pain and going to find him. The sound of lightning and the smell of rain. It was so cold and I knew it was dangerous but I also knew he needed me. So I went. I shut my eyes. She doesn't have to say the names. I know it is Andrew and Matt. Andrew got out of control and Matt had to kill him. \"Where's Matt? He's the one I was calling.\" I ask. \"He's on the run, I think. The secret is basically out. Everyone wants to understand what happened and how they did the things they did. If I was him, I'd be running to. His face is everywhere. The world was freaking out. Do you think there are others?\" She asks. There is nothing to say. \"What do you want to do now?\" She asks. I have no idea. My heart begins to race. I can't go home. \"No you can't go home\" She says sadly \"But I was thinking you could come with me. I go to school at the University of Washington. My apartment has a spare room. We could head there and figure something out, maybe try to find Matt and get some answers.\" I can barely hear her over the sound of my heart and the blood rushing in my ears. I feel her hands on my knees, steadying me. \"Steve\" She says my name calmly, gripping my thighs in an attempt to keep me grounded. It works. I take a deep breath and turn my head toward the sound of her voice to let her know I am paying attention. \"It's going to be okay\" She says firmly \"You're here okay. You're alive. We'll figure everything else out\" She says dismissively. \"Everything else? Like how I am blind? And back from the dead? And my best friend killed me? And telekinetic? And I can never see my family again?\" I list them calmly. My voice is flat. To my surprise, she laughs. \"That's quite the to- do list. We'll just start with getting back on campus, okay?\" I nod. \"I heard you. For whatever mad reason, I heard you and I came to this school which was like my 53rd choice because I knew that I was going to be needed here. I am so glad that I found you because it means I am not..\" She pauses and I hear her think 'alone' but she continues...\" turning into a nutter. We are going to figure this out together. It's going to be okay.\" She says with conviction. The funny thing is what she is letting me feel is not as telling as what she is holding back. I feel her try to radiate certainty and hopefulness but the doubt she thinks she is holding back is muddying the waters. I still want to believe her. I choose to believe her because I have to. We are going to get answers.[Chapter 3] I sigh as I feel Steve's increasing irritation with the man in front of us. His face is a mask and he gives nothing away. I look at the poor orientation and mobility student I had found through posting on craigslist. The poor sod actually thought he was getting through to Steve. Come to think of it the way his voice got one octave higher and he said his words slower when talking to Steve made me really uncomfortable. I check myself to make sure I am not just feeling what Steve is projecting. \"There you go, buddy. Good job!\" He encourages Steve condescendingly when he navigates one of the obstacles he had set up around the apartment. Nope, I was definitely irritated by this idiot. Steve seems resigned to get through the session so I bite my tongue until I see out the instructor 45 minutes later. I smile and thank him as I hand him his 40 dollars. \"Don't call us, we'll call you\", I mutter as I shut the door. I hear Steve give a mirthless chuckle at that. He is doing so much better than when I first pulled him out. In the three weeks we've been back in Seattle he has figured out the apartment, how to use his powers to keep from bumping into stuff and is more communicative and present. Anything can set off a dark patch though. Last time it was when we were channel surfing after dinner and I paused on a report about the terrorists who had gone on a rampage and destroyed Seattle. I lifted my arm to change the channel but he stopped me. We watched the whole thing and heard from people who wanted 'freaks' locked up and who thought that Andrew and Matt were abominations and, my personal favourite, a punishment from God to smite the godless city of Seattle. Steve went to bed after that. He didn't speak to me for 2 days but I could feel him calling to Matt willing him to answer. I just hoped that this hadn't set him off. \"Okay, so craigslist isn't the best place to find medical professionals. Noted. We'll find someone better. I've actually been working on a fake ID for you. I just need a social security number\" I don't add that I kind of need someone roughly our age to die first so I can snag it but from the way he raises his eyebrow I know that he picked that up. He is much better at closing off his thoughts than I am. \"It's okay. He's fine\" He sighs sounding exhausted. He grips his cane tightly playing with the chord that holds it together when it is folded. We ordered it online 2 weeks ago. Since then we've been trying to find someone who could teach him how to use it. I looked up some of the basic stuff online. All the freelancers we've managed to find have either been sketchy, scary or incompetent. What Steve really needs is a new identity so we can get him into a proper rehab facility. \"Let's go fly\" He suggests. I agree readily. We've worked out a system. If we both relax enough we can be so connected that he reacts when I do and moves when I do. He changes into a jacket and scarf- he hardly ever asks for my help anymore. He grabs his cane and we head outside. He sweeps it in an arch ahead of him. He is enjoying the sun on his face and the fresh air but, as always, he is battling with feelings of despair. I admire Steve he isn't really one to give in no matter how bleak the situation is. He is a fighter. I steer him away from a pile of rubbish next to an overturned trash can. He smiles at me. \"Switch to sighted lead?\" I offer. Instead of answering he finds my elbow and grabs on. He still has his cane out sweeping arcs to locate drop offs or changes in terrain. We've been trying to figure out a land version of what we do in the sky but it doesn't work as well. My brain is too noisy and cluttered down here. So is his. I lead him down to an abandoned corner of an abandoned lot and we take off. He flies ahead; we realized it doesn't really make a difference if he is ahead. I feel my brain clear out. The awful paper I had to rush to get in on time, the cute guy in my feminist discourse tutorial who smiled at me once but hasn't looked at me since; it all washes away. The cold is invigorating but more than that is the rush, the weightlessness, the carelessness of flight. I feel Steve laughing. Every now and then I get a sense of what he must have been like before all this; carefree, popular, with an easy smile and an open heart. With every little bit of independence he is becoming more and more like the old Steve. Which is good since dark and broody suits him about as well as the funny t-shirt and sweat pants he had to wear on our trip back to Washington. My phone buzzes. I hover mid air to check it warning Steve that I have stopped. He doubles back toward me when he reaches the limits of his \"vision\"- when he has flown as far as he can trust me to see for him. I set my phone to alert me when a match came up at the registry. An African American kid around our age died in a car accident. I yell at Steve that we need to get back. Once we get back to the flat I put the kettle on and grab my laptop while Steve heads to the shower. Committing identity fraud isn't one of my prouder moments but once you know what you are doing it is almost ridiculously easy. I wouldn't call myself a hacker- I hadn't used my computer skills for anything but coding until all this happened. The trick is not to find someone who is as similar to the person you are stealing for as possible. This is why undocumented immigrants pay so much to assume new identities. The risk of being caught is much lower the less you change. Then you have to be careful to grab the identity before the death is registered. This one was just entered so I change his social security to a fake one (it doesn't matter- they don't check the social security numbers of dead people) next I log into the court registry and bypass the security to apply for a name change. The most important thing is the social security number which I have. I swear the online affidavit and soon a new person exists. Steve comes into the living room while I am finishing up. A book that is lying in his path flies out of his way and smashes against the wall. A page comes loose. \"You are going to have to learn some finesse. It would be nice if you could protect your toes and not destroy ALL my stuff\" I say evenly. \"I'm working on it. I'm also starving- any thoughts about dinner?\" He asks. Living with a boy has sent my food bills through the roof. He needs constant feeding. Still, I think as I put the finishing touches on my masterpiece, we do have a reason to celebrate. \"Why don't we go out? We can celebrate the fact that you are officially a registered person- complete with convenient back story and social security number. And your name is still Steve.\" I tell him. \"You did it?\" He asks and I know instantly that he didn't know that I would be able to do it. \"I'm going to ignore the fact that you doubted my ability to deliver and I am still going to buy you dinner Steve Monterey\" I tell him. \"Like the cheese?\" He asks incredulous. \"Oh crap! It's the first thing that came into my head that started with an 'M'\" I laugh. \"I guess I'll get used to it. How about we order in? I am way too tired to deal with the world\" He says. \"No problem\", I reply easily. In truth, I am worried about him. He doesn't leave the apartment unless we're flying and he hasn't had any interaction with anyone but me. \"Please learn to think quieter\" He groans. \"Sorry\" I apologise sheepishly, \"But seriously Steve, I saw this thing on campus. It's a Braille class. They are doing it to promote Braille literacy among Blind youth. That could be good- learn to read Braille and meet some people?\" I suggest. \"I'll think about it\" He grunts moving to turn on the TV. We've been watching movies a lot. Especially the ones Steve has already seen. I know better than to push him. Half an hour later I am in my pyjamas next to him on the couch finishing off my green curry and trying not to stare at Steve devouring his pad thai. \"So who is the guy in feminist discourse?\" He teases waggling his eyebrows. I am about to ask how he knows about that but instead I sigh. \"When he said Hi to you in class the other day I could feel your excitement all the way from over here\" \"We should really think of some rules\" I say to myself. We are both thinking of the same situation, what if one of us brings someone home? It's a good sign that Steve is thinking about girls so I try a different tact. \"You could meet some girls on campus. If you learn braille you could take some classes next semester?\" I suggest. \"And how would we pay for that?\" He grumbles sarcastically. \"We just would. I could get a job? Look this isn't a perfect situation Mr. Monterey but you are here. You should get on with it\" I can feel the frustration in him about to bubble over. \"Just say it\" I say resignedly. \"Aren't you even a little bit curious about why that is? I came back to life! Do you hear how insane that sounds? Why aren't you freaked out by this? Why did this happen?\" He screams at me. \"I don't know. I have been looking. I can't just google \"shiny rock alien resurrection\" and come up with answers\" I say apologetically. \"We didn't even try to figure it out. We just messed around with stuff in our town\" His voice is tinged with regret. \"We're going to figure this out. I don't know how or when but I promise we will. But in the meantime- you are here. You need to try and be here\" I reply. \"I am trying\" He sighs. \"No you aren't. I hacked your school records. Steve Montgomery wasn't the kind of guy to just half ass things. You have to really try\" I pick up our plates and head to the kitchen to wash them. We don't speak for the rest of the day and I can hear him calling out for Matt. This time I don't tune out instead I join him. Willing Matt to answer and I can tell what has been bothering him all this time- he is there. I can feel him, he can hear us and the d-bag is just choosing not to answer. I smile to myself as I realize that he doesn't know what I can do. I clear my mind and relax into bed before completely tuning into him. I have only done it once so I have to really focus. Suddenly I am connected. He is drinking a bowl of soup in a noisy market. I cannot really focus on the specifics of his surroundings but I need to do something as impactful as possible. His hands reach for the bowl to take another sip. I spill the hot liquid down his shirt and send the bowl flying across the floor. His shock shakes loose our connection. I feel something warm trickle down my nose and head to the bathroom to get a cloth to staunch the nose bleed. Even as the cloth is saturated with my warm sticky blood and I begin to feel lightheaded I am still smiling. Worth it. I have a class that I haven't done the reading for yet so I get up fairly early and head to the kitchen for breakfast. I am in the middle of buttering my toast when Steve walks out of the second bedroom fully dressed. \"Hey. I was thinking we should go try to sign up for a rehab\" He says shyly. \"Sure\" I mentally cancel my class. It's just a lecture; I can still attend the tutorial later in the week. \"You don't have to cancel your class\" He sighs. \"I want to. This is more important. Do you want some breakfast? I'm having toast\" \"How did you do that last night?\" He asks finding the table that we occasionally eat at and taking a seat. \"I don't know I can just do it\" I answer putting in some toast for him. \"He spoke back last night\" \"Yeah? What did he say?\" \"Cussed you out for spilling soup on him and then went silent again. At least it is something\" He smiles when I slide over my toast so he can eat it while it's warm. I can get the next batch. \"It's a start\" he shrugs as he digs in to the toast. Four and a half hours later we are standing outside yet another government office and my enthusiasm for project Steve Monterey has begun to wane. We had to get a medical report confirming what we already knew; that he was blind. The over-worked doctor said he could fit us in later in the month for scans but since we needed the report for state assistance for re-hab he would just come up with an explanation. Steve responded to all the questions charmingly and easily while I stood there, thought nervous thoughts about the penalty for identity fraud and kicked myself for us not rehearsing answers earlier. I cannot believe that we could just present a blind guy and no one would ask any questions at all about how he was blinded. Moronic oversight on my part. Where I am panicked and jittery Steve is calm and purposeful. The lady we just saw, Janine, calls us back into her office. \"Okay so I am going to give Aisha your schedule for your occupational therapy, braille classes and mobility classes. I tried to get you the most rigorous schedule since you said you wanted to finish as soon as possible but if any of it proves to be too much you can cut down\" She explains as she hands me the schedule. Steve says thank you and smiles and Janine swoons. She is young and eager to help which is good for us but I am pretty sure she is going to get conned, realize it and freak out. We are conning her- Steve's thought jumps into my head. We won't get caught- I reassure him immediately. I almost instantly consider all the ways we could get caught. I hope he didn't catch that. I look at his knowing smirk. He caught that. I missed something Janine said to us. \"Sorry?\" I turn to her and smile apologetically. \"I was just telling your cousin that he should look into some assistance programs that exist for disabled college kids when he is ready\" She smiles at Steve encouragingly and her eyes shimmer with wonder at his courage. \"Definitely. He's smart so once he is finished at rehab we can come back and talk about it\" I tell her. This, mercifully, marks the end of our long morning. Steve can start tomorrow thanks to Janine's eagerness to please. We step outside and I take a deep breath. \"How about some lunch?\" Steve asks. I turn to him with an eyebrow raised before deciding not to raise the fact that for nearly a month he has been a housebound agoraphobic. His face is still turned to me expectantly so he didn't get that. I am getting the hang of thinking quietly. \"Welcome to the world. What do you want to eat?\" I ask. \"Burgers\" He is certain and his eyes wide with childlike anticipation. And burgers it is.[Chapter 4] Here's a long chapter! I hope you enjoy it- I enjoyed writing it. Please leave a review and let me know what you think... Four months later and we have fallen into a routine. Steve isn't a terrible roommate (in fact, he is remarkably easy to be around and is a lot of fun) and we have both become more effective at shielding our thoughts from each other which makes living together far less awkward. He excelled in his 6 week rehab and was now taking bridging classes at the University. I am sitting at my desk re-reading an email I had received before my classes for the day started. I had reached out to and interviewed half a dozen scientists who had theories on the superpower kids on the news. This basically meant that I had wasted a lot of time hanging out with crackpots. I suspected that any scientist worth their salt working on a theory was already employed by the government and therefore beyond my reach. Trying to contact Matt had proved equally fruitless. Every once in a while I can make him smack himself in the face or fall down and while that has been entertaining for Steve and I; we aren't any closer to getting him to talk. All in all I am beyond frustrated with how little we know compared to when we first met. In a strange and stark contrast to when we first met Steve seems really relaxed. He has a bunch of friends at school because he is so outgoing and confident. The message seems promising. He is an Astronomer specializing in Meteors which makes sense to me given the whole shiny rock origins story. I am pondering what to write back to figure out how to get some more information out of him when I hear the door open. \"Aisha?\" I hear Steve call out from the hallway. \"Hey!\" I call out from my room. I smile when he pops his head into my door. \"What are you up to?\" He asks moving over to my bed and flopping down. He moves in our apartment relatively easily. \"Trying to figure out how to email this scientist without giving us away\" I reply easily mirroring his relaxed pose by stretching and leaning back into my chair. \"Easy. 'I woke up with telekinetic superpowers. Please advise'\" He jokes in an eerily accurate impersonation of my voice. I laugh. \"How was class today?\" I ask. \"Good. Can't wait to start for real though\" I am just about to form the words to ask him if he wants to go see a band that a friend of mine from Psych class is playing in later when he goes absolutely stiff. What follows is the most terrifying ten minutes of my life. I check that he is breathing (he is, thank God), I check that his heart rate is normal (it seems to be), I call his name (no response). I pick up my cell phone and call an ambulance. Six excruciating minutes later the paramedics are at our door. I yell at that it is open; unwilling to leave Steve alone. \"How long has he been like this?\" The paramedic asks. \"Six minutes,\" I answer shakily. Each minute felt like an eternity. In the time it took me to answer her question she has finished her preliminary examination. \"He's having a seizure. We need to take him in\" She nods to her colleague and they start to load him on to the gurney. I nod and swallow to find my voice. \"I'm his cousin. Can I come with you?\" I ask. She looks at me and the kindness in her eyes makes me realize how terrified I must sound. \"Of course\" She says business like. I quickly pull on some shoes and a jacket and remember to lock the apartment behind me. Once we are in the ambulance and the siren starts I notice that I have a searing headache. I wince and the catch a glimpse of Steve's rigid body on the gurney. I need to focus on my friend right now. \"Here\" the paramedic says as she hands me a clipboard \"You can get a start filling out his medical history.\" \"Right\" I nod. Shit. I take a deep breath and hope I can keep all the lies straight. I have been sitting in the waiting room for 192 minutes. I have worried that I didn't turn the stove off. And that I left the iron on. I have worried that Steve is deathly allergic to some medicine that they are pumping his veins full of as we speak. I have worried that the police are on their way right now to arrest us. I have worried myself into a frenzy and then worried myself exhausted. I look up when a nurse walks in. I worry about whether she is coming to tell me Steve is dead. Do nurses inform families? On TV its only doctors who do that. \"Aisha? Your cousin is awake and asking for you\" She informs me. I nearly faint with relief. I am numb as I follow her into the patient room. Steve's social worker had signed him up for a lot of benefits he was entitled to as a disabled student without parental support. Not enough insurance for a private room though. I observe that his roommate is sleeping deeply and soundlessly. Good. We can talk. \"He's in a coma\" Steve says. \"Welcome back\" I say approaching his bedside. I try to make my voice as nonchalant as possible. \"The sound of your worrying woke me up. How would you leave the iron on? We were in your room,\" He jokes with his usual confident smile on his face. But his voice sounds weak and I grab his hand and squeeze it. He smiles and squeezes it back. \"Have the doctors said anything?\" I ask as I sit. \"Keeping me for observation. I know what it was though\" His voice is suddenly serious and this makes my blood run cold. \"What?\" I ask automatically even though I am fairly certain I won't like the answer. \"It was Andrew.\" I had pumped him for information for hours after that. Question after question. Most of them he could answer; except for the most important one. After a while I can tell that he is exhausted by my endless questions and poorly disguised worry. Sensing that he is at his breaking point I agree to go home and get some rest promising to return the next morning with his cane, some fresh clothes and coffee. The night passes quickly and at 6am I am double checking that I have everything before heading out of the flat. It's a Saturday and although I have gotten a lot more comfortable with missing classes I am glad that I don't have to. It takes two buses, 1 chapter of my Gender and Society textbook and an hour to get to the hospital. I pick up a couple of coffees and some bagels at a nearby coffee shop and head inside. I am near Steve's ward when I spot a boy arguing with a nurse. \"I'm one of his friends. He would want to see me\" He insists to the nurse. Suddenly I recognize him. \"Matt?\" I ask as I walk up toward him. I'm Aisha Steve's cousin I warn him. \"Good to see you again Aisha\" He lies smoothly. With me vouching for him the nurse lets us in. A million questions race through my mind but I think Steve should take the lead on how to handle this one. He follows me to the room in awkward silence. I telegraph ahead to Steve that we are coming. The last thing he needs is to die of a heart attack or have another seizure. \"Good idea\" Matt says from behind me. I'm not sure how to respond so I just smile a terse little smile. The corridor seems to be going on forever so I add; \"Steve will be happy to see you\" and throw on another awkward little smile. I am relieved when we finally get to the room. Matt isn't though; he stands in the corner of the room his expression somewhere between terror and nausea. His options are throw up or run away and he seems to be seriously considering both of them. \"Hey Steve. Matt's here\" I approach the bed and press his coffee into his hand. He reaches up and feels for the opening before taking a sip. He sighs gratefully. Matt watches him for a while from the corner of the room. I can tell he is working through a lot. His eyes fill with tears and I feel a rush of sympathy for him. \"Here\" I say handing him my coffee \"Sit down. I brought bagels as well.\" He approaches the bed cautiously. He still hasn't said a word to Steve. We sit in awkward silence for a while longer. The boys manage to eat a bagel each. I can only choke down a few bites since I don't have anything to wash it down with. The silence is heavy and I feel like I have to swim to the plastic jug and tumblers by Steve's bedside to poor myself a glass of water. \"I'm blind. You didn't go mute did you?\" Steve asks. His voice sounds harsh after such intense quiet. Matt shakes his head and then clears his throat nervously to speak when he realizes that Steve can't see him. \"No\" Matt says his voice small and his tone uncertain. \"Just deaf?\" Steve asks unable to keep the bitterness out of his voice as he thinks about how Matt didn't come to his rescue. I watch Matt squirm in his seat for a bit before answering. \"I didn't think it was real. I thought I was imagining. I went to your funeral.\" His despair colours every word. Suddenly Matt is out of his seat and pulling Steve into a hug. \"I am so sorry man. I thought you were dead\" He explains as he hugs him, tears are streaming down Matt's face. Steve is stiff initially but he eventually settles into the hug. I can feel how much they have missed each other and how happy they are to be together. I, however, am not satisfied by Matt's response. \"What about the six months since he has been out?\" I ask and I know from the way his expression shadows that he knows what I am talking about. The messages that Steve had been sending since I found him were much clearer much more distinctly Steve than before. \"I knew you were safe. I was following up a lead\" He says. \"On what happened to us?\" Steve asks excitedly sitting up and shifting on the bed shifting his table tray thing slightly. \"Yeah. I was following up with a geneticist\" He explains. \"Did he find anything?\" I ask. \"No we're still human. Whatever happened it didn't affect our genetic code\" He replies. \"And if he had found something? How did you know whether to trust him? Everyone knows. Everyone is looking for you. Everyone knows. You could have put us all in danger..\" I explain trying to keep my voice calm. \"Us all?\" Matt scoffs \"There is no 'us'\" He adds angrily. \"If there are three of us it stands to reason there are more. Now that everyone knows what we can do we need to be careful. There was a shower a few months before we found the rocks. NASA wrote it off as an ordinary shower and there was no damage reported from the crash sites but I found a paper by an Astronomer who thinks that there was something unique about those rocks. He has a proposal in to study them\" I explain choosing to ignore his answer. Matt is silent while he is mulling over what I can say. I cannot help but take a peek in his thoughts and smirk when I see how angry he is that he didn't think about that angle. \"Hey! Are you ready to go home?\" A tired looking intern comes in to discharge Steve. \"Definitely\" He smiles at her. Well, close enough at her. The conversation is closed for a while. There are forms to fill, prescriptions to pick up and follow up appointments to book. \"Just get in the chair you baby!\" I say exasperatedly rolling my eyes at the orderly standing by the bed with the wheelchair. \"No way. I can walk.\" Steve insists. \"No one doubts that but it is hospital policy. If it makes you feel better you get to prove just how manly you are on the way back home. It's 2 buses and like an hour\" I tease him. \"I can give you a ride. I have a car\" Matt offers silently. \"Thanks Matt\" I turn to Steve \"So get in the chair so we can go. Or would you rather spend another night here?\" I threaten. Finally he acquiesces and we head out. I can sense both his and Matt's discomfort when the orderly leaves. Boys. I tap the back of Steve's hand to signal my willingness to lead. He grabs my elbow but still has his cane out. Matt opens the door and awkwardly gestures for Steve to enter. Steve reaches out and feels for the door and assesses the height of the door and whether the seat is clear before entering the car. Matt looks like he might burst into tears again. \"He's blind. That's how he gets into cars now\" I deadpan and manage a subtle eye roll before heading for the front seat. \"Andrew\" Matt starts uncomfortably after we have been driving for a few minutes. \"I know\" Steve sighs. They both seem to consider the conversation closed. \"How does he seem?\" I'm assuming Andrew is the reason for my headache but, like Steve at the beginning, his thoughts and emotions are too all over the place to get a read on. \"Pissed off. As usual\" Matt sounds angry, defensive and exhausted. \"Scared\" Steve observes. \"Understandable, right?\" I add looking to Steve for confirmation. Steve nods. He gets a faraway look that he gets sometimes. He is surprisingly well adjusted for someone who was killed by his friend and came back from the dead. If it had happened to me I would have to be sedated. \"You can help us find him\" Matt says looking at me in the rear view mirror. \"How?\" I ask, genuinely puzzled. \"You are a stronger telepath than all of us. You found me\" Matt says sounding oddly hopeful. Steve raises his head slightly. I can tell he agrees. Except that I didn't find Matt and I am not that strong. But I can't find the words to disagree. STEVE Aisha doesn't say anything after Matt makes his suggestion. I can tell that she is shielding like crazy. I've never really been the kind of guy to panic or to think very much about fate and things like that. I didn't torture myself with thoughts about why this happened or what it all meant. Not like Andrew and Matt. I just figured I'd continue living the best life I could. And if my powers let me have a little more fun I would just enjoy it while I could. The night that I went to find Andrew I couldn't feel anything except his pain. Sure, he was angry but under it was something I was grateful that I couldn't understand. He was raw; like a wounded animal on the Discovery Channel. What happened next shouldn't have surprised me but it did. I never thought that Andrew would hurt me. I trusted him. What a stupid thought to have running through your mind in the last moment of your life; surprise. Not anguish or understanding or peace or regret I was genuinely shocked. And then I was nothing for a really long time. And now I was back. And so was Andrew. I rub my temple trying to dislodge my headache. I was actually getting used to the idea of carrying on with my life. My new life. The past few weeks I had given up looking for Matt. I could feel Aisha's search ramping up but I just needed to figure out boring stuff; how to make breakfast, how to orient myself in a new place, how to get dressed, how to shave. Matt killed Andrew. Andrew killed me. I guess it means something that Andrew called to me the loudest. He was always too strong for his own good. I decide to try to talk to him. I take a deep breath and clear my mind. \"Andrew? \" I ask unsure of how to start. There is nothing for a while. \"So you came back to life. Been there man\" I quip easily. I get back something like a laugh. \" Talk to me man. Just go slow, okay? Your version of hello made me have a seizure \" I joke again. I get back something like ' sorry '. Not 'sorry' exactly. More like I feel the sharpness of his regret. \"It's okay. \" I say shutting my eyes and leaning back on the scratchy car seat. \"No it isn't\" And damn, I am happy to hear from him. Screw the complications; these guys are my best friends and the only part of my old life I am allowed to keep. \"Who is that? \" Andrew asks. For a while I am confused until I realize that Aisha is helping us…somehow. \"I'm Aisha\" She introduces herself simply. \"She's cool\" I vouch for her like she has just stepped into a room where we are smoking a joint. I wonder what she was like in high school? \" Matt is with you \" Andrew observes. \" Can you come? Are you trapped somewhere? We could come get you? \" Aisha suggests. Andrew scoffs at the idea of needing our help. Not a great sign. \" 26 Birch Street Apartment 2B, Seattle \" Aisha telegraphs. I send out that he is welcome. That he is missed. That the past doesn't really matter, we can figure it out. And then he is gone. And I open my eyes and there is that nothingness that I am still getting used to. And I have no idea where I am. \"We're at home. I asked Matt to park the car while you were….out of it\" Aisha explains. \"What were you doing?\" I ask. \"He's too unstable. I had to protect you this time\" \"Thanks\" \"Anytime\" I open the car door and step out pausing for a moment to unfold my cane and orient myself. Aisha offers her elbow as guide and I swallow my pride and take it. I wonder if it will ever be natural to need help to find the front door if I don't know exactly where the car is. She leaves me alone when we get to the apartment and I am grateful. I head into my room and lie silently on the bed for a few minutes before deciding to take a shower, tackle some of my homework and maybe go out flying later. I am pulling on a fresh shirt when I hear yelling from the living room. I head out without my cane and trip over something in the doorway that leads to the living room. I bend over and touch a pile of books. \"Stay there Steve. The place is a mess\" Aisha calls to me \"Matt you have to calm down\" She says to Matt. I rush into my room and grab my cane before heading back out. \"What's going on?\" \"She told him where we are!\" Matt yells indignant. Something shatters to my right. \"Calm down Matt\" My heart is beating faster and I am taken back to the last time one of us got out of control angry. I force myself to take a deep breath. Get your shit together Steve I tell myself. \"You don't know what he was like! I had to do what I did!\" Matt is standing right beside me and he grabs my shoulder. His tone is desperate and cloying in a way I have to force myself not to recoil from. \"I know\" I say calmly \"I understand\". \"He hates me. I would hate me\" Matt moves away. I'm not sure where to. \"We don't even know if he's coming\" I say. \"We'll figure it out when he does. You'll stick around?\" I am startled by Aisha's voice which comes from an unexpected corner. She is clearing something up by the door. Matt doesn't answer but Aisha makes a pleased sound so I assume that Matt nodded. I can feel him staring at me. \"What?\" I ask. \"It's really good to see you man\" Matt says. I can hear the smile in his voice. I smile back. \"Yeah you too. Well, good to hear you\" I joke lamely. \"You don't mind the sofa do you?\" Aisha asks. \"No. The sofa's great actually\" Matt says warmly. \"Cool. Why don't I clean up here a little and you guys could go pick up some lunch?\" She offers. I can tell she wants to give us some time alone. \"Sure. Where?\" Matt asks. \"There's this place that has pretty good pizza. Steve will show you\" She says. I hear her get up and head into the kitchen. \"Should we go?\" Matt asks awkwardly. \"Yeah\" I say trying not to sigh \"Let me go grab a jacket\". I take an extra moment in my room reminding myself to be patient with Matt. He found out about my disability today. It's still new to him. I should be patient. I head to the door. \"Hey man. I'm holding it open for you\" Matt informs me awkwardly. \"Thanks,\" I sigh as I head outside. I lose him for a second. \"Matt?\" \"I'm here.\" \"Let me take your elbow. I can keep track of you that way\" I say. He stands next to me and I find his elbow. \"Okay it is four blocks down that way\" I gesture in front of me. Matt doesn't say anything but he starts walking ahead of me so I follow. He sighs. \"How are you so cool about all this?\" He finally asks. \"I guess I have to be.\" I pause for a second trying to think of something to add. \"This is all so wrong\" Matt says. I almost laugh. I mean, what am I supposed to say in response? I can tell Matt wants me to make him feel better. \"I'm alive at least. So is Andrew. Maybe he's less angry\" I offer. \"Because your Mum dying and being burned alive and getting killed by your cousin usually mellows a guy out?\" I smile at Matt's sarcasm even though it isn't really funny. We walk in silence for one more block. \"Your room mate is pretty hot\" Matt observes casually \"Are you guys just roommates or are you more than that?\" \"Why?\" I ask bemused \"Do you want to get in there?\" \"I mean, I wouldn't mind. Seriously, it has been forever!\" I laugh. \"Why is that funny? You don't think she would be into it?\" Matt asks. \"I don't know man. You have been kind of a jerk to her since you got here\" I note. We're at a cross walk so I wait for Matt to take the lead. \"Yeah well. My charm is a little bit rusty. Being on the lam will do that to you\" Matt says bitterly. I grunt in agreement. Being buried hasn't done that much for my love life. We get the pizza and head back to the apartment. Matt is less awkward around me and by the time we get back we are joking with each other and it feels like the good old days. I am so happy being back with him it takes a while to register the way his laughter dies as soon as we walk into the door and his elbow tenses. \"Matt?\" I ask. \"Andrew's here\" Aisha answers wearily. I wonder if she was ready for all my friends to barge into her apartment and break her stuff when she came to find me. How will I ever thank her? Uh…okay. For a while no one says anything but I can picture the scene. Andrew is staring at me dramatically, Matt is staring at Andrew and Aisha's face must be strained since I can feel her working overtime to keep everyone calm. It's actually pretty funny. I cannot restrain the laughter. \"You guys realize I can't really participate in the joined broody silent staring anymore? It just kind of feels like everyone suddenly left the room? Andrew, where are you, man?\" I feel someone stand up somewhere to the left of me where I know the sofa is. I take a few tentative steps assuming it is Andrew. I reach out and find his arm before pulling him in for a hug. He is the same weight and height as before as far as I can tell but the skin on his arms is oddly slick. I make a mental note to ask him about it later. \"Steve I\" I can hear the tears in his voice. \"It's forgotten man. I forgive you\" I say hoping he can tell how much I mean it. \"How can you forgive me for that?\" He asks his voice rough with anger. \"I just can\" I answer. \"Hey Andrew\" Matt says awkwardly from the corner of the room. \"Hey Matt\" Andrew says quietly. \"I'm sorry\" Matt says simply. \"I understand why you did it\" Andrew replies. I'm not the only one who notices that it isn't quite the same as forgiveness. \"Aisha you can back off. I promise I won't freak out\" Andrew says quietly. \"Okay\" Aisha agrees wearily. I don't know how to explain what it feels like when she stops. It's like when you have spent the whole day in a basement and you are thrust into a bright summer day- only with emotions. Everything is amplified and for a second it actually physically hurts. I resist the urge to burst into tears. \"How do you do that?\" Andrew asks in awe his voice breaking on the first word. Clearly I wasn't the only one affected. \"I'll explain some other time. Why don't we eat?\" She suggests. And we do. At the kitchen table with the same intense staring. I can always tell when people are staring at me but not being able to confirm it makes me really uncomfortable and paranoid. \"What were you doing that got you so worked up yesterday? You nearly killed Steve. Again\" Aisha asks. The silence is heavy. \"Is it too soon to joke about that?\" Aisha asks. I laugh. Andrew makes a sound that is somewhere between a cough and a gasp. It's a start. \"I went to see my Dad\" Andrew says in that cold deadpan way of his that has always chilled me. \"What did you do Andrew?\" Matt's voice is panicked. Silence. I force myself to swallow the pizza in my mouth and reach out for my drink to wash it down. I knock it over in my rush. There is no crash. Aisha mumbles that it is okay probably because she can see my confused expression. I hear a soft clink as she sends the glass to the sink. I am still feeling the surface of the table wondering where the coke inside went. I am so puzzled that I almost don't hear what Andrew says. \"I killed him Matt. I had to.\"[Chapter 5] \"Steve!\" A voice yells. I nearly choke on my spit as I jerk awake. I was never great at waking up but being yelled at in the middle of the night nearly gives me a heart attack. Matt's hands are on my shoulders as I try to calm myself down. \"Sorry man. I've been standing here trying to wake you for a while. You sleep like the dead\" He notes. \"I've had practice. Is there a reason you needed to scare the crap out of me at…\" I reach over and press the button on my talking clock the robotic voice intones that it is 3am. \"3am?\" I finish. \"I want to talk about Andrew\" Matt says. \"No\" \"Steve..\" \"No way, man. We need to stick together now. If there is something you need to say about Andrew you can say it to Andrew or not at all\" I say determinedly as I sink back down into my bed. \"Say what to Andrew?\" Comes Andrew's voice from the doorway \"I literally just got out of the hospital. Can we do this tomorrow?\" I ask hopefully. \"What did you want to say Matt?\" Andrew asks his voice deepening. I guess we're doing this now. \"Let's get out of the apartment\" I suggest as I get out of bed and pull on a pair of pants. We don't need to wake up Aisha. Matt drives us around for a bit until he finds a Diner that is open. Andrew leads me in. He is already so much more comfortable with this than Matt. People are staring but for once I get the impression that they aren't staring at me. Andrew senses my confusion. \"There was a fire. I'm definitely not invisible anymore\" He jokes wryly. I can tell that the stares are getting to him. \"You look the same to me\" I say wondering if it is the right thing to say. Andrew laughs. Matt says nothing. We find a table and Andrew places my hand on the back of a booth. I fold up my cane and slide in. Andrew and Matt order coffee. I order tea. \"Tea?\" Andrew scoffs. \"I don't want to be up all night. You two idiots wanted to talk. So talk\" I insist. \"Andrew I know what your dad is….was like\" Matt begins. \"No you don't Matt\" Andrew replies calmly \"And part of that is my fault, Steve asked a few times and I should have just told him what was going on. You're my cousin and we've known each other our whole lives but you have no idea 'what my Dad' was like. What it was like to live in that house? To get beat up and yelled at every day. To watch my Mum die and my Dad drink himself to death? To get the same crap at school? You have no idea\" Andrew finishes calmly. Matt is silent. \"I knew. I figured you wouldn't leave your Mum. That all we had to do was get through senior year and we would all get out of there and see the world. I thought we would make it\" I say. \"You didn't have to kill him\" Matt says. \"I didn't mean to\" Andrew insists calmly. \"You never do!\" Matt cries banging his fist on the table. I can hear the diner react to his outburst. Suddenly it doesn't seem that smart to have left Aisha at the apartment. \"That thing , your anger just became a part of you. I asked you to stop and you just gave in. And now I am just supposed to believe that everything is okay again?\" \"Steve can\" Andrew says \"Steve wasn't there that night\" Matt yells. \"I didn't do that on purpose\" Andrew says. For the first time he raises his voice slightly. \"I don't trust you, Andrew\" Matt says. There it is. Suddenly there is nothing left to say. We finish our coffee in silence and head back. Aisha and I are heading to the library the next afternoon. Matt had left earlier saying he needed to ditch the car and Andrew was catching up on videos on youtube. \"Are you going to tell me about last night? It's sweet that you left so you wouldn't wake me but you all…\" Aisha starts \"Think and feel really loudly?\" I smile. She is silent for a beat which is odd. Then she clears her throat and I can tell she is trying to sound normal. I fight back the frustration at not being able to read her expression. \"Yeah. Matt's right you know- Andrew is trying but you should be careful\" She trails off. \"What was that? That pause just then?\" I ask her. \"I was just. I just noticed you have a really nice smile. So..\" She finishes really awkwardly which, of course, makes me smile even wider. Smirk, even. She punches my arm lightly and calls me a jerk when she notices my reaction. The moment passes. We spend some time at the library. I'm figuring out braille. My instructor says the key is to practice and I agree with him, mostly because I do not want to continue to be a 19 year old who can't read. I am in the middle of trying to remember what our English teacher told us about the significance of the eyes in the Great Gatsby when I hear Aisha approach. \"What's going on?\" I ask her. \"We need to get out of here\" She whispers as she approaches. I start to gather up my things and, to her credit, she doesn't grab me or rush me but when I eventually find her elbow I can feel her rush. I try to keep up with her. \"We need to take off we need to get home fast\" She explains as she leads us…..somewhere. I assume it's an alley. It smells kind of terrible. We fly and we get home much faster. \"What's going on?\" Matt asks when we barge in. \"Someone is looking for Andrew I don't know if it is the police or the military but he is listed as a high priority fugitive\" Aisha says breathlessly. \"Where is Andrew?\" I ask. \"He didn't say where he was going but he said he would be back. He said he needed to clear his head\" Matt explains. I can hear the undertone of concern in his voice. \"Wait, how do you know?\" I ask. \"Ever since what happened with Matt and Andrew I've been keeping an eye out for any government stuff that could affect us\" Aisha explains. \"You've been tracking the government?\" Matt asks incredulous. \"I take precautions. It's nothing illegal\" She pauses before adding \"It's nothing illegal that could be traced to us.\" \"That's great. Identity theft, Hacking and grave robbing\" I can tell that Matt rubs his hands across his face. He approaches me and grabs my arm to pull me aside. I hate that. My body instantly stiffens. \"Look\" Matt says and I can smell coffee on his breath \"Things like this put us all in danger. We should go before she gets busted and brings us all down with her.\" \"What we need to do is find Andrew\" I answer calmly. I can already tell that Aisha is trying to get in contact with him. We sit in silence waiting to figure out the next move. \"They've already got him\" She says in a strangled voice. \"Where?\" I ask. \"He doesn't know and it looks like they've drugged him. He's gone silent\" She explains. \"We have to go get him.\" I voice my thoughts. \"Great. A blind guy, a girl and me against the US government. All we are going to do is get ourselves exposed and captured. You cannot see this Steve but this is crazy. She is like sitting on the couch trying to brain talk to a guy who came back from the dead looking like a monster from a 60s movie. It is nuts\" Matt warns. \"It's Andrew\" I say calmly. He's right it's a suicide mission and I am not sure how we are going to do it but I have to try. \"It is Andrew. Andrew the 'apex predator'. They are still rebuilding the hospital that he took out. People died that day. He's the reason you can't see. Have you ever thought of that?\" \"We risk exposure anyway. Andrew knows Steve is alive, He knows you are in the States and he knows about me. They'll have access to his DNA and God knows what they'll do to him or ask him. We have to go\" Aisha confirms. Her pragmatic reasoning upsets me at first but I realize that she is trying a different tact to convince Matt. \"I'll just get out of here before they can find me. Steve, you should come with me. It isn't safe here anymore\" He says earnestly leaning into me. \"I can't leave Andrew and besides, a blind guy would probably just slow you down\" I say bitterly. \"Anyone who could have seen anything?\" I ask hopefully even though I can tell that this place is completely deserted. Andrew still wasn't there and we were to jittery to sit in the flat. The tension between Matt and I was palpable. So we came to where Andrew was when he was picked up. \"No. He must have been landing. He picked somewhere with nobody around\" Her voice seems further away. \"What are you doing?\" I ask. \"I'm just checking to see if he dropped something. I don't know. Like a clue?\" She finishes desperately. I stand silently for a while to let her look around. I hear her disappointed sigh. Another dead end. \"They were probably tracking him\" I say as we sit on the grass. Her head is against my shoulder and we are just sitting there. Neither of us particularly wants to go home. I try to ignore the tightening in my chest every time she shifts slightly and I catch a whiff of her perfume. \"That makes sense. It also means they know where we are. Maybe Matt is right?\" \"You want to split up?\" I ask. \"No way\" I'm pleased she answered so quickly and sounded so certain \"Maybe there's nothing we can do to save Andrew. Maybe we get out of here and save ourselves?\" She suggests. \"I don't know what to do. I hate feeling so powerless\" I sigh. Aisha turns and puts her arms around me. She hugs me for a long time and my body warms under hers. \"You are so far from being powerless. You still don't get it do you?\" She asks with wonder in her voice. I am slightly distracted by how her breasts feel pushed into my chest so I just grunt. I childishly want to reach out and grab her when she pulls away. She puts her arms on my shoulders to get my attention. \"You are the link between all of us. Before we met I couldn't feel anyone else but now I can just tell that there are so many of us out there. I can feel them. Because of you. You are stronger than all of us. Maybe it's time to stop being scared of that?\" She says sincerely. \"What and become the new apex predator?\" I ask jokingly. \"We are already what we are\" She says. \"What does that mean?\" \"This thing changed our ability but it didn't change us. Andrew was a hurt, angry and dangerous kid before all this happened. His dad was an abusive shit and his son paid the price. You aren't Andrew. Can I try something with you?\" \"Sure\" I agree trying to take in all the things she said. She tugs at my arm to get me to stand up. She leads me to a spot a few paces from where we were sitting. \"Where are you going?\" I ask as she starts to walk away. \"You'll see\" I can hear the smile in her voice. So I wait. I never used to be this patient but I am trying to get used to the fact that sometimes it will take slightly longer for me to figure things out. \"Okay, clear your mind\" Aisha shouts from a distance. I can tell that she is standing directly in front of me. This part is not easy especially since I am hoping that whatever she is doing it ends with us having sex. Focus pervert I warn myself. I take a deep breath. \"Hey\" her voice is as clear as if she was standing right next to me. It is incredibly intimate and not something we use very much. \"Okay\" She instructs \"Now you know how I feel. This time you come to me.\" I know what she means but I have never initiated the connection before. Just like when I figured out how to fly you just kind of have to know you can do it and figure it out instinctively from there. It takes a few tries but I make the link. \"Hey\" I greet her. I feel her joy. It makes me smile. \"Okay now that we are linked just tune into what I am seeing\" This takes a bit longer but when I figure it out it's like a TV being turned on suddenly in a pitch black room. The explosion of colour nearly knocks me off my feet. So weird. I am looking at myself standing across the field. \"It took me ages to be able to do that. Amazing\" She compliments me \"But this isn't what I want to try\" \"It isn't?\" \"Nope\" She hurls a stick at my face. The only way to describe what it was like is to slow it down. First I felt her intention. Then I reacted by putting a barrier around my body. Then I watched the stick speed toward my body from Aisha's perspective. Then, because this whole thing was even more strange, difficult and overwhelming than coming back to life,the connection is broken just as suddenly as it was formed. The darkness is so complete after seeing I can't breath after a second I can tune into Aisha's words. \"Shit. Steve? Steve?\" She is rubbing my shoulder lightly. \"You threw a stick at me\" I note petulantly. I bend over and grope around looking for my cane before remembering it is in my back pocket. \"I saw you throw it\" My voice breaks. I shake my head annoyed at myself. \"Take it easy\" She says gently. Her hands cup the sides of my face gently. \"How did you know I could do that?\" I ask. \"I just did. Matt is far too closed off and Andrew is strong but consumed by himself. I just knew\" She says with absolute confidence. I have never been a shy guy so when an amazing woman is standing this close to me I just have to go for it. I touch the side of her face; just to be sure of placement and then I kiss her. She kisses back. We break apart after a while. \"That was..\" She starts before trailing off. \"Awesome?\" I suggest cockily. \"Yeah\" She smiles \"and unexpected.\" She takes my hand, \"Maybe we should just stick a pin in this for a little while. Until we figure out how to get Andrew back and whether the government is after us.\" I pull her in for another kiss. I can feel the way her skin flushes and her whole body responds to mine. \"Okay\" I agree easily. We head back to the apartment in silence. Matt is there but he isn't speaking to anyone. Aisha and I have dinner and both head off to bed. We hug before we go into our separate rooms. She initiates it and we linger far longer than is appropriate. It's 5 am when Andrew wakes up. Aisha rushes into my room. \"He won't tell me where he is. I think he's trying to protect us. You'd better talk to him\" She says in a rush. \"Why don't you just go into his head and yank it out?\" I ask yawning. \"Because I watched you have an Andrew induced seizure and it didn't seem that fun. I'll cover you\" It makes sense but that doesn't make me excited about the prospect of convincing Andrew to listen. A part of me wants to wait a little before talking to Andrew so I can get some sleep but I have no idea what they are doing to him. \"Leave me alone, man\" He says. \"We're coming to get you\" I insist \"I'm not worth it. You've done too much already\" \"Shut up and tell me where you are\" \"No\" But he is tired and in pain and his defences are down. Now that I am in I can look around. \"I know where he is\" I say to Aisha \"And I know how we can get him\" I have just finished telling Aisha my plan. She sighs and leans back. I take her hand and squeeze. She squeezes back. \"What do you think?\" I ask. \"It's pretty crazy, Steve.\" Now that I am some sort of weird proto post dead telekinetic human thing you would think I would be able to concentrate fully on this life and death conversation. Instead I am thinking about her smell and how I can pick up a hint of her lotion underneath and how soft her hand is in mine. I start to rub her thumb with mine. \"We could die. They could capture us. We could wind up wherever Andrew is. And if by some infinitesimally small chance we survive and we succeed what will we do next? We'll have exposed ourselves. Where would we live? What would we do?\" She's right. \"I have no right to ask you. I hate that I can't do this on my own\" I sigh. She rubs my back comfortingly and rests her head on my shoulder. \"Of course you do. You have every right and I'm going to do it. I'm just scared.\" She admits. I hold her and I don't tell her that I am too.[Chapter 6] Waiting is the hardest part. Once I figured out the plan I was ready to throw on a shirt and go immediately but Aisha talked me out of it. She was right, of course. Our insane plan had a better chance of success if we were patient. So far they hadn't done anything to Andrew. They hadn't asked him any questions. They would just sedate him and watch him. We had been watching for three days. Even Andrew was getting impatient. He still wasn't on board with us going to get him but I could sense his begrudging respect for the plan. Aisha's research into how to strengthen our telepathic abilities had led to experimentation with meditation, cold showers, warm showers, noisy rooms and quiet rooms until we stumbled on to a combination of anti-anxiety medication and a quiet room. We start off small. First we have to figure out who the guards are – how their shifts work. For this we spend a lot of time in Andrew- he can't fight us off thanks to the sedatives and he seems grateful for the company most days. We just watch for a few days. Finally Aisha makes a connection with one of the guards when he is about to have a nap at the office. We needed to figure out if they would be able to sense our presence. So she just hangs out for a while- stays with him while he does his job, talks to his co-workers, searches for erotic fiction on the internet, emails an old girlfriend from high school. I join her the next day. A male guard is listening to a new CD and daydreaming which makes it easy for me to make the connection. He is fascinated by Andrew- which means, unlike Aisha, I have an opportunity to see how Andrew is doing. Andrew's burns shock me at first. The skin on his face is stretched taut and pink and the angry scars on his torso creep up his neck and are only partly hidden by his t-shirt. Top of my list of things to figure out is how we can come back from the dead but not heal completely. But it is still the Andrew I remember and there are hints of the face of my best friend in there. In his eyes- glazed over and hollow like he used to seem before we met that night. I had noticed him before. With his camera and his hunched over pose it was hard not to even though he was trying very hard to make himself invisible. He stared through people but was always shocked when anyone looked back. The night I met him I pretended not to notice that he had been crying, I pretended to introduce myself even though I already knew his name and knew that he knew mine. I wonder, not for the first or last time, how different things would have been if I had reached out to Andrew before the shiny rock incident. What if he had always had a friend? What If he had always had a safe place to go? Later that day my guard gets home from work. I am watching an unfamiliar part of the city go by through his windshield. I can feel his fatigue, his hunger and his longing for the smell of his wife when she gets into bed and presses against him after her shower her hair still damp and asks him about his day her voice vaguely sleepy. I had forgotten the muted colours of dusk. That time after the streetlights have just been turned on when everything is soft. He gets home and is disappointed that his wife made meatloaf. He doesn't like it but he smiles and says thank you. He really loves her. He exhales when he enters the house and his whole day is worth it because he was doing it for her. They eat the meatloaf in front of the TV- watching two episodes of Arrested Development. It is pretty funny but I cannot help but think that television is a waste of perfectly good eyesight. They get into bed with the easy routine of two people who aren't afraid of silences anymore. She gets out of the shower and enters the bed, pressing against him and filling him with the smell of her shampoo and her still damp hair. She asks him about his day. He replies that he felt sorry for the poor kid- he looked like he had a hard life. She is surprised by this apparently just yesterday she expressed sympathy for him 'locked up like an animal with no rights' and he reminded her of the footage from Seattle. I can tell she isn't sure what changed his mind but she likes it- she leans in for a kiss and when I feel his body respond I slip out again. Aisha and I are sitting at the kitchen table eating some ramen and exchanging notes. I tell her about the guards growing sympathy for Andrew. It is unsettling being back in your own body. Its part relief- you are returning from a journey but one you know you should have never been on. We are invaders. \"I noticed that too. My guy likes mayo- his sandwiches are like 90 percent mayo and I hate it and he told his girlfriend that it was so weird that he was beginning to be grossed out by it.\" \"You don't like mayo?\" I ask. \"Ew. No. But I think it means that we leave traces of our thoughts in them so we have to be careful\" \"It's promising for suggestion though\" I muse. \"I guess. Want to try tomorrow?\" She asks. \"We need something with tangible results\" I say thinking out loud. \"We could make them walk to the bathroom when they don't need to go. Its innocuous enough and we'll know that it works.\" \"We could just force them.\" \"I mean sure but we don't know what that would do to them or to us. We should go slow.\" I don't like it but she is right. \"Want to go for a walk? We've been drooling on ourselves all day.\" She reaches over to clear my bowl and I catch the scent of her shampoo. I do not want to think too much about how much this is related to my guard and his feelings for his wife but suddenly I don't want to wait. I reach out for her hand and by some miracle find it on the first try. \"I thought we were sticking a pin in it?\" Her tone is amused, breathy and hopeful. Suddenly I am liking my chances. I aim a hopefully not-too cocky smile in her direction (or what I hope is close enough). The door opens and I turn to face the sound automatically (and absurdly). It is Matt. I feel him enter. \"So this is happening now?\" I can't be sure what he is gesturing at but I am betting it is Aisha's arm in my hand. \"I thought you left?\" Aisha asks sounding weary. \"I did. I'm back.\" \"Why?\" I ask genuinely mystified. \"You guys are the only ones who understand. After that night I travelled all over looking for answers. I've never felt more alone. Apparently that connection is worth throwing my life away on a suicide mission\" He grumbles. \"It isn't a suicide mission\" Aisha says defensively. \"It involves Andrew, doesn't it?\" Matt retorts. \"That isn't fair\" Aisha argues. \"You weren't there. You don't know\" Matt says. \"I'm going for a walk. Do you want to come, Steve?\" Aisha asks rapidly changing tact. I am guessing she is feeling too frayed and exhausted to really fight with him. That and she realize that she wasn't there and that this isn't her fight. Matt wants me to talk him into staying. \"I'll stay\" I say. I listen to her leave the apartment. I listen to Matt sit down on the couch. I can't tell which side of the couch he is on so I don't risk sitting on it with him. I perch against the bookshelf. \"It's so weird\" He starts before trailing off. \"What is?\" With our lives he is going to have to be more specific. \"You don't look at me anymore. Because you can't look at me anymore. It's just weird\" He says. \"Yeah\" I have to agree with him. It is pretty weird. \"I can try to fake it\" I lift my head and face the direction his voice is coming from. Matt bursts out laughing \"That is weirder\". I laugh too. \"So what do you see?\" He asks. \"Nothing. I can't see\" I reply easily. \"Let's go get a drink\" He says in a way that makes it clear that it isn't a request. I nod and head to my room to change into a fresh shirt and hoody and grab my cane. I bump into Matt on my way out of the room. \"I was coming to get you\" He explains. \"You okay?\" I ask. I didn't get hurt but we connected fairly hard. I reach my hand out and touch his shoulder so I can tell where he is. This startles him. \"Fine. Let's go\" \"Do you mind leaving Aisha a note?\" I ask biting down my frustration at not being able to scribble down something and leave it for her. At not being able to tell if she left her cell phone behind. \"No problem.\" I hear him open the door and he grabs my forearm. I stop and correct our arm placement for sighted lead (I grab on to you so I can feel you climbing stairs or changing pace). We head out into the cool night air. I am paying attention to walking but also jiggling the house keys nervously in my pocket and enjoying not sharing my thoughts or headspace with anyone else. \"Do you have ID?\" Matt asks. \"Yeah but it says I'm nineteen years old\" \"Miss I can hack anything made you a fake ID that has your actual age on it?\" He scoffs. We move to a table and he moves away from me and sits down. I swing my cane and then grope the table before finding the back of the chair. I check that the seat is clear before folding up my cane and sitting down. \"Well that took forever\" Matt observed neutrally. I hear the scrape of his chair as he gets up \"I'll go get us some beers\" He announces. I tune into the sound of the bars. There is a group of excited young ish people a few booths away from us. Other than that and the generic alt rock playing in the background it is pretty quiet. \"Hey!\" Someone grabs my shoulder and startles me \"You aren't 21?\" She yells accusingly. \"Amy?\" I can't be sure it is her as I have never heard her drunk before and don't have a point of reference. \"Yeah. Sorry for scaring you man. We wanted to invite you- last chance to get wasted before finals\" Zach explains coming up behind her. \"Steve! Come drink with us!\" Amy insists belligerently. Amy is usually very prim and proper so although I have no idea what she looks like I cannot help but imagine a preppy sorority type looking very flushed and wasted. Before I know it she is in my lap. \"Woah\" Zach says sounding bemused. As far as I know him and Amy are just friends and nothing more. \"Steve\" She begins earnestly \"You can't see how handsome you are\" She sounds like she is about to cry. I look helplessly in Zach's general direction. \"Look Amy. Your food is at the table\" He announces. She runs off. \"Thanks Zach\" I sigh. \"No worries. Come sit with us. You would be doing me a huge favour. Everyone on that table is already ridiculously drunk\" He laughs. \"I'm here with a friend. He's around here somewhere\" I say. \"He's right here\" Matt appears. I hear him put the beer somewhere on the table in front of me. I have no idea where or if it is in a mug or a bottle. Zach moves the bottle brushing it against the back of my hand so I can find it. \"Thanks again, Zach. And thanks for the beer Matt. Matt this is Zach a friend of ours from school. Matt is a friend of mine from high school.\" \"Why don't you guys come and join us? We have a pitcher.\" Zach offers. \"Sure\" Matt says surprising me. A few hours later and things have taken an interesting turn. Matt is hitting on Amy pretty hard core and it seems to be working. Zach is catching me up on his theories about Game of Thrones when my phone rings. \"Hello?\" \"Hey Steve. So has the alcohol achieved what it was supposed to? Are you two best bros again?\" \"Who is this?\" I joke. \"Haha. Where are you guys anyway?\" \"That place that Zach and Amy invited us to. Amy and Matt have kind of hit it off. Looks like we'll be here a while\" \"Okay. I'm coming.\" And ten minutes later she is there. I have had a few beers but I can really sense her. She is wearing a skirt or dress in a soft fabric. It is short. She slides into the booth next to me and her bare thigh makes a sound against the vinyl. I allow my hand to slide over a few times 'accidentally' while looking for my drink. \"You aren't fooling anyone\" She whispers to me after I 'accidentally' touch her the fifth time. I lean over and kiss her. \"I knew he wasn't your cousin\" Amy announces loudly \"I hope he isn't your cousin\" She finishes sounding less certain. We all stumble back to the apartment a while later. \"It's hard to tell who is holding who up\" Aisha observes about Matt and Amy. \"He should have some fun. I bet the past few months on the run have been hard for him\" I am distracted because that wobbly feeling you get while walking with a buzz is so much more unsettling when you can't see. We make it to the apartment and Matt and Amy quickly disappear into my bedroom. I can hear her giggles. \"I'll sleep on the couch\" I offer. I know it sounds like a question. \"You can sleep with me\" She says shyly. She leads me into her bedroom and into her bed which smells like her. She pulls off my shirt which reminds me of when she saved me, that first day when she handed me a shirt. The timing isn't ideal; there is too much stuff going on but I let my hands explore and her skin is so soft and its dips and curves are so inviting and her smell is so heady. I let myself get lost. And for the first time since I got back I am undoubtedly grateful and present to be here. Alive. The next morning we lie in but after a while we awkwardly converge in the living room. Amy suggests brunch and we all head out to the diner on the street. Aisha and I are easily affectionate with each other. It feels like a foregone conclusion. We have bigger things to worry about but we can also have this. I squeeze her hand. I am grateful for this. I feel her smile. She squeezes back. Amy and Matt laugh about last night and as we leave the diner she gives him her number before hugging Aisha and I goodbye. We all head back to the apartment. Matt and I finally talk. I update him on the plan. \"I can pick him up\" Matt volunteers. Sensing my skepticism he continues \"Look, if we are ever going to figure this out we should stick together. That means Andrew too. It isn't safe for us for him to be in there and I owe him this.\" I know that Matt killed Andrew. I also know that he has no idea what to feel about it. He knows he had to. He knows he would do it again. He just doesn't know what kind of person that makes him. He doesn't know how to feel about it. For all his intellectualizing he has no idea why he feels guilty. \"You don't think its kind of messed up how entering that hole like linked up our destinies. We can't outrun this. We can't escape each other\" he sighs resignedly. \"I try not to think about it\" I answer honestly. I think he nods. He turns on the TV. I go to my room and tune into the guard. Aisha gets home from her pre-final tutorial a while later. She joins me. I can always tell the moment she enters her guard. His eyes light up briefly in an expression that makes me wish I could see Aisha look like that. Which registers as unwanted and unprecedented same sex attraction to the guard. Which startles him. I calm him down by focusing intensely on his article on eating paleo. His supervisor approaches his desk and clears his throat. My surprise is masked by his own surprise. His supervisor never comes down here. \"Mr. Crowley. What can I do for you?\" He asks. \"I just came down to tell you that he is getting transferred tomorrow. You two are going to escort him to a new facility. Security briefing tomorrow at 7am\" \"Yes sir\" He is excited. He has been reading articles and daydreaming for 2 weeks. Finally something is happening. He gets an email with more details half an hour later. I struggle to keep my feelings neutral. Tomorrow. We are going to get Andrew back tomorrow.[Chapter 7] Author's Note: The horrendous paraphrasing of Jung is, mostly, intentional. One of Matt's most endearing traits is (in my opinion) his intellectual posturing and pretension coupled with his teenage insecurity and lack of awareness. Matt Carl Jung posited that there are personality archetypes passed down to us through our collective unconscious- the part of us made up of inherited collective human experience. Andrew gave in to the shadow. Steve is definitely a hero; selfless and a champion. Me? No idea. I know I struggle with the power we have- it is hard not to feel infallible, above it all. I also know that I am scared a lot. Lost in thought. Slow to react to situations not inherently selfless. Maybe even selfish. I knew how bad things were at Andrew's house. I knew. It was easier to look away. Easier to blame Andrew for being weird, for being hostile, for being needy and crowding me. Easier to resent my Mum for insisting that I give him a ride to school every day. For using that soft pleading voice when she urged me to look out for my cousin. Easier to roll my eyes than to feel how itchy being responsible for Andrew made me. I knew he needed something from me and I wasn't sure if I could give it. It was the same thing with Casey. She wanted me and I was so sure that I would be a giant disappointment I convinced myself that I didn't want her. That night I did what I had to do but even now that Andrew is alive again, I wish I hadn't had to kill him and I know that I would do it again. There was something pure about that moment. In knowing that I had to make a decision. In having what to do about Andrew be so clear. Let him leave and watch people die. Kill or be killed. There are a million ways I could have stopped us getting to that point but that point is what it took for me to choose. To fight. I've spent the past year on the run- unsure about where to start looking and missing the life I had always pretended to be too good for. I was haunted by the thought of Casey; who I had just started to get to know again. I heard Steve right away but I couldn't allow myself to believe there was a piece of my old life that I could still keep. That and I was scared. I heard Aisha as well; her early days wondering. I did nothing. I looked forward to them turning up to trip me up or make me spill something. It reminded me I was alone. That companionship was an option for me. Once again it took Andrew to make me choose. And here we are now. I'm driving the getaway car waiting for my friends…. My family to rescue Andrew by mind controlling the guards into letting him go. Andrew who has spent the last few days being relentlessly questioned by government agents so doped up that he couldn't use his powers. They knew what to use to dope him. They can disarm us now. \"He's out\" I hear from Steve. It is so strange to be able to identify someone by their 'mind voice'. I wish I still smoked weed. Being high might make how normal this was now feel less abnormal. A few moments later Andrew staggers out into the clearing where I am parked. He is wearing grey sweats and a grey t-shirt. I rush out to help him into the car. My hands are shaking when I start the car. We agreed not to go back to the apartment to be safe. Aisha and Steve are going to meet me just outside Seattle. Andrew coughs. Aisha and Steve are going to meet us, I correct myself. She put the GPS coordinates in my phone. I take a deep breath and remind myself to drive calmly. \"You okay?\" I ask Andrew as I check the review mirror for the tenth time. \" Yeah. They doubled the dose today\" He coughs and shakes his head like he is trying to clear it. \"Do you know what it is?\" I ask. \"Feels like a roofie. Makes it hard to focus\" He answers. \"You can go to sleep, man. We'll be there in an hour\" Andrew falls asleep. I turn on the radio. I try not to think about what happens next. Andrew is fine. No one is following us. I don't let myself think that it'll turn out okay; that is how they get you. I wake up Andrew when we get to the diner that Aisha picked as the meet up place. When we walk in Aisha nudges Steve and he smiles with relief. They stand as we approach the table. Aisha is the first to come in for a hug and a kiss on the cheek. First for Andrew then for me. Steve gives Andrew a hug and then gives me one. We sit down. The waitress comes over to take our order. I am suddenly starving. I order without thinking then realize I do not have enough money to pay for it. \"I've got it\" Aisha smiles at me as the waitress walks away. \"You have to stop doing that\" I smile back. \"I don't know how you guys do it at all. I can't control it enough to enter anyone like that\" Andrew notes. \"Really, dude? 'Enter'\" Steve giggles. \"You know what I mean\" Andrew laughs. The burn scars on the side of his face stretch tight when he smiles. He notices me looking and ducks his head self-consciously. We all dig into our breakfasts hungrily. I notice Aisha quietly telling Steve how is food is laid out on his plate. She is so comfortable with him and she helps him out like it isn't a big deal. I think that is part of the reason Steve can be so cool about everything. He leans in and gives her a quick peck on the cheek. I have to look away and fight the pang of jealousy that rises, hoping no one notices. Andrew catches my eye, he noticed. I clear my throat. \"What are we going to do now?\" I ask. \"Well, we made sure the guards don't even remember letting Andrew go\" Aisha starts. \"Actually we may have gone a bit overboard. They don't really remember anything from the last week\" Steve says \"Which may be a giveaway that mind control is on the table now but there isn't a way to trace it back to us\" \"Right. And I am trying to make sure that we are as nondescript as possible to people in this café. I had one more concern though. About them maybe tracking Andrew but then I came up with an idea\" Aisha says. She pays the bill and we head outside. She makes us take our phones and stuff and leave them in my car. She then leads us to a dumpster where she fishes out a plastic bag with a…. thing inside it. \"What is that?\" Andrew asks before I can. \"A magnet. An industrial strength magnet. If there is a tracker in you most likely its signal will be scrambled by this. I hope. Unless it is weird nano bot organic technology- which isn't supposed to exist yet but this is the government. I don't know\" She rambles. Steve squeezes her hand to stop her. \"We have to do something, right?\" He reasons. She nods and sweeps the magnet across Andrew's body. We all watch waiting for something to happen. Nothing does. Steve looks completely out of the loop. \"Did anything happen?\" Steve asks breaking the silence. \"I don't think so\" Andrew laughs. He seems much more like himself after getting some food. \"Okay. So they could be tracking us. What do we do now? Go back to your apartment?\" I ask. \"I was thinking a road trip. To Arizona. That's where the guy I have been talking to let it slip he is based. He is studying a new crash site there\" Aisha suggests. If we are being followed we cannot lead them back to our parents or to Steve and Aisha's new life. \"I hate to be the boring practical one but what about money?\" I ask. \"We'll be okay\" Aisha assures me. \"So we go now?\" Andrew asks. \"We took the bus. Do you mind if we ride with you?\" Aisha jokes. \"Yeah\" I sigh, running my hand across my face. Today is getting stranger and stranger \"let's go\". Andrew falls asleep again as soon as we get into the car. Aisha reaches forward from the back seat and covers him with her scarf thing. I turn off the radio. \"What's up, man?\" Steve asks as if he is reading my thoughts. He probably is. I should practice shielding, even when I am at 100% it is not easy for me to do. Once Aisha and Steve found me it was the easiest thing in the world to get in my head. I just had to try to ignore them. \"Nothing,\" He knows it isn't nothing and I know it isn't nothing I just don't want to talk about it. \"He's worried it was too easy\" Aisha says. \"Stop doing that\" I say childishly. \"Stop thinking so loudly\" She retorts with a smile. She has a great smile. I think it totally unconsciously but once I have started down that road I cannot stop her skin looks so soft and she has these full but demure lips. Her hair is in millions of tiny little braids. She catches my eye in the rearview mirror; her expression impassive. Steve's brow furrows however and he reaches out for her hand and clasps it possessively. The silence is so heavy for a moment that I can't move. I focus so intensely on the road ahead that my eyes hurt. Steve speaks first. I catch a glimpse of his face in the rearview mirror- he looks concerned rather than angry which is such a Steve way to be. And so even as I am worried about what he is going to say I am so happy that he is back. \"Is this going to be a problem?\" Steve asks gently. \"No\" I try to keep my face impassive as I focus on shielding \"Just not that many girls on the LAM. Sorry Aisha\" I joke weakly. \"No worries. We'll just check out Arizona for a few days and when we get back Amy will be there\" Aisha jokes back. The trip should take like a day on the road but after a few hours it becomes clear we are going to have to stop. Andrew is too tired to take over from me, I am exhausted and Aisha doesn't have an American driving license and doesn't want to risk getting pulled over. We stop at the nearest motel. We get one double room to save money. Luckily they are okay with us sharing. Andrew is awake and seems more like himself joking with Steve and getting all the details on how he escaped. \"How does it feel to make someone do something?\" He asks idly levitating a can of coke flipping and spinning it over his head. \"Weird. Wrong. They are in a lot of trouble because of us\" Steve says he is fumbling around with his cane looking restless. Andrew doesn't answer. Eventually Andrew sets up Aisha's laptop to play a movie on the TV and we order a pizza. I am lying on the bed next to Andrew- in clean clothes thanks to Aisha's foresight to pack for everyone. We start the movie. Aisha is leaning against Steve's chest and he is propped against the headboard. He whispers something to her and she laughs and buries her head in his white t-shirt. We start to watch the movie. Aisha got to pick so we are watching Looper. Steve falls asleep first as he is having real trouble following it. There is a knock on the door. \"Finally, I am so hungry you guys\" Aisha grumbles as she heads to the door. She opens the door and there is a bright light and a crack and crash as the door is kicked in. Aisha is knocked down by the force of the door. I had seen it a million times in movies- the guys in army camouflage and masks break in brandishing weapons. What the movies don't tell you is how quickly it happens and how disorienting it is to go from watching a movie to fending off an invasion. The movie is still playing in the background. Bruce Willis is explaining something to Joseph Gordon Levitt at a café. Steve is up- his eyes are desperately scanning the room. Andrew starts to do something. \"Wait! Andrew they aren't going to kill us unless we try to escape\" Steve yells. Andrew hesitates. The man in charge walks in. He was expecting more of a challenge than four kids at a slumber party. I hear it as clearly as if he walked in. Aisha comes to and looks anxiously at Steve. It's okay he projects. \"Hi kids. I'm General Trank. You must be Steve, Aisha, Matt and I already know Andrew. Nice to meet you\" He says calmly. No one says anything. Bruce Willis and Joseph Gordon Levitt are trying to kill each other. \"Steve is right. We don't want to hurt you. We just want to talk. Will you come with us?\" He asks with a civility at odds with the weapons pointed at as and the number of soldiers crowded around the kicked in door. We should go Steve projects. What? This thought comes in a wave the resistance is equally strong from Andrew, Aisha and I. Our disbelief is indistinguishable. They found us somehow. He knows who we are. We can get out any time we want. What we need now is information. We don't know what they have. They don't intend to kill us NOW. They can still do it later. The thoughts are coming in so loud and fast I can barely keep up. Then I notice the tremendous energy Aisha is using to keep Andrew calm. Stop. Andrew warns her. She doesn't. It is five minutes that stretch for eternity but eventually the decision is made for us. We are piled into the back of a van. Steve is manhandled roughly; the guards either don't know or don't care that he is blind. There is a pneumatic woosh as the doors close and just as we are wondering why the van needs to be airtight a chemical tang hits the back of my throat and everything goes black. We are being questioned in shifts. They do not know for sure that Steve and Aisha have powers so they are being questioned about how they know Andrew and I. Steve is worried they are going to look into him or test his DNA and find out who he really is and that the person he really is, is technically dead. Aisha is encouraging us to work on fighting off the effects of the 'roofies'. We practice coming too faster and faster with every dose. We are careful in faking the effects; acting groggy and confused long after the effects have worn off. The hardest part is that there is nothing to do all day. In between meals we are just locked up in our cells. There is a toilet, a sink and a little bench/ bed with a thin plastic coated mattress and a blanket that we are supposed to keep folded up. Everytime I have insisted that I am an American citizen our questioners have responded with blank stares. Apart from General Trank I don't know anyone's name. It shouldn't surprise me that people do not think of their own names very often. I cannot keep the connection long enough to follow anyone home like Aisha or Steve could when they were getting Andrew out. On the third day it changes. I am woken by fluorescent light in my room coming on. I wait to be silently escorted to the shower but instead the guard shows me to a cafeteria and gestures gruffly at stack of empty trays. I pick one up, confused but not going to miss out on a hot meal and the chance to look out the window by asking questions. I approach the bored looking man wearing a hair net and grab some food. Grey looking eggs, hash browns, bacon and coffee. A guard comes in with Steve. He doesn't have a cane and he looks incredibly lost. The guard leaves. He goes to help him. He reaches out and grabs his elbow and Steve stiffens. \"Matt?\" Steve asks sounding a little irritated. He looks incredibly tired. \"Yeah, sorry, man it's me\" I explain. He lets me take his elbow and lead him to the table. I watch him locate the seat and walk away to get him some food. The guard comes back with Aisha. We watch him leave and she rushes towards me and gives me a hug. I gesture to where Steve is. She runs towards him and looks ready to hurl herself into his arms. Instead she says 'hey' softly so he isn't startled and then she hugs him. Steve turns the hug into a passionate kiss and I turn away and focus on placing food on the plate. Andrew is brought in last. He takes his time serving his breakfast and then joins us. \"This was a brilliant idea\" Andrew notes smugly tucking into his eggs. Aisha opens her mouth to respond but instead she just bursts out laughing Steve joins in first; his shoulders slump as the tension is released. I could not find this situation less funny but the absurdity of Andrew's observation gets to me. Pretty soon we are all wiping tears away. I think they are probably listening Aisha telegraphs. Andrew scoffs. Can I download what I've learned? She asks We all agree. Turns out she has learned a lot. She knows that the General is named Walter. Walter Trask and he was tasked with getting to the bottom of the 'Seattle situation'. That the Seattle situation is being classified as a terrorist attack. That we are all, with the exception of Aisha, considered domestic terrorists. Aisha is being considered an enemy combatant which makes extradition a possibility. There are Guantanamos that aren't Guantanamo. They took our blood to establish what we are. They questioned our families extensively. They consider Andrew the primary threat. They know who Steve is. They do not know if Steve has powers. They do not know if Steve died or faked his death but they are open to both possibilities. They need to figure out a way to permanently eliminate us as a threat. They haven't tried to torture us because they think they know the extent of our powers. Telekinesis and flight. They don't know about the telepathy so we should try to keep that under wraps. The drugs are just sedatives to keep us calm and they have an element that reduces hostility and aggression. They are worried by the time that I spent abroad. Worried about the possibility of us being used by another government. They are considering using us as weapons, imprisoning us or eliminating us. They are ambivalent about the first two and not sure if they can do the third. They do not like that we are friends. That we are friends means that they cannot deport Aisha and practice elimination methods on Andrew and try to turn me into an asset. So anything could happen? I telegraph my frustration focusing intensely on my bowl of oatmeal. They had a bio tracker on Andrew. That is how they found us. They last three days. They are mixed in with the sedatives. We need to figure out a way to metabolize them faster. Steve contributes. I can fight off the sedative in 2 hours now it wears off if you focus. Aisha adds. An hour and a half . Steve confirms. 2 and a half hours from Andrew I don't answer and everyone looks at me expectantly. 3 hours I admit. You're going to have to cut it down if we are going to escape Aisha observes grimly. She swallows her oatmeal and looks up. She sips some juice before speaking. \"Does anyone know why we are here?\" She asks out loud. \"Well\" Says General Trask walking into the room and making us all nearly jump out of our skin with fear \"I was hoping we could all have a little chat about that.\" Reading minds is a strange thing. Sometimes it comes in clear sentences. Some people, like Trask just send out a vibe. Clear as day they project an aura. General Trask is in control. He does not doubt for a second that he knows more than we do, that we are the enemy and that 4 children are no match for the collective might of the United States of America's armed forces. Good. We can use that against him Steve thinks grimly. Andrew thinks mercenary and vengeful thoughts. His vibe is predatory. The fact that we have a common enemy right now does not put my mind at ease. Here we go I think as I put down my hot link and wipe the grease off my chin with my napkin.[Chapter 8] Chapter 9 Matt \"Let's start with why you think you are here?\" General Trask asks conversationally as he sits down next to Andrew and takes a piece of toast off his tray. Everyone is silent for a second before Andrew speaks his voice laced with hostility. \"Overdue library books?\" General Trask laughs \"Guess again\". No one does. \"Well you see, the United States of America does not take kindly to harbouring fugitives\" He explains with mock patience. \"I wasn't aware any of us were fugitives\" Andrew says defiantly. I catch a look on Aisha's face that shows that she is taking the opportunity while Andrew is distracting Trask to do some digging. \"So you went through all the trouble of faking your own death for shits and giggles?\" \"How did I do that? I was impaled by a metal rod and you buried me. How did I pull that off?\" Aisha shoots Andrew a warning look that Trask catches. I struggle to keep my face impassive. \"Why don't you tell me how he did it?\" Trasks asks turning his attention to Aisha. \"I don't know what you're talking about. We met recently\" She mumbles. \"Of course you know all this because you have been questioning us for days\" I chime in. \"Steve, how did you fake your death? It says on your death certificate that you were struck by lightning. Your parents will be surprised to know that you are alive.\" Steve doesn't say anything. \"We're going to take a little trip when you guys are done with your breakfast. I think it'll communicate just how seriously we take this.\" Aisha, Andrew and I exchange looks and she reaches under the table to take Steve's hand. Something about how calmly he says it really scares me. A short while later we are bundled into another van. We aren't knocked out this time. \"Should we go?\" Andrew asks. It is the first time I have seen him nervous. \"They'd just find us again\" Steve says quietly. The van pulls out of the facility. I watch it get smaller behind us. The windows aren't blacked out and General Trask is driving. There are no guards. I don't think the van is even locked. \"Don't even think about it\" he chuckles from the front seat \"The stuff we've been pumping into you isn't just a tracker. It also allows for off-site detonation. Granted you all seem to have remarkable rejuvenating powers but I doubt you'll be able to out all the pieces together when I make you go boom.\" No one responds. \"Ah playing dumb. Everyone does that at first\" He chuckles again. Aisha swallows audibly and I throw her a reassuring look that I'm not sure I believe. We are in the car for what feels like an eternity but is actually around an hour. We do not stop to pee and I am in agony by the time the van parks. All I can think about is getting to a toilet. We all pile out of the van mutely. \"Line up against that wall please\" Trask commands. \"At least he is polite\" Aisha grumbles as we head over to a low cement block wall covered in barbed wire. She notices the blood stains first but she tries to keep her thoughts to herself. When Andrew notices them he telegraphs his surprise and that is what Steve picks up on. \"We'd better shield\" He suggests grimly in a half whisper half thought. Luckily the drugs are wearing off slightly and between us we can get a half decent shield up. Trask draws his weapon. \"What are you doing?\" Andrew yells. \"Either you have powers or you are useless to me. This little experiment helps me sort the wheat from the chaff\" he fires at Andrew. The effort of shielding leaves Andrew doubled over with a bloody nose but before I can register that he has fired on me. He comes in closer after that. When he reaches Aisha he holds the gun to her temple and pulls the trigger. The communal shield is down. I am not sure how she does it but she doesn't get hit. He puts the gun up to Steve's forehead. Steve stiffens as soon as he feels the barrel. Aisha cannot speak but she is choking out sobs that sound like begging. I close my eyes. I hear the gun. Trask holsters his gun. \"I think you four will do nicely\" He says \"Get up. You'll thank me for making you stronger.\" I open my eyes. Aisha is kneeling over Steve's body. There isn't any blood but to shield from a bullet shot at such close range might have killed him. You can only stretch a muscle so far before it snaps. He rouses a little. \"Get up!\" Trask yells menacingly. I get up and help Aisha with Steve. We drag him to his feet. While I am making sure Steve is balanced between us Andrew takes off. He shoots straight up trying to get as much distance between him and Trask as quickly as possible. Trask doesn't even look up. Andrew hits something hard and falls from 80 feet in the air. Three guards armed with tazers come to escort us into the building. Which looks like a prison. We are dumped unceremoniously into a cell. Aisha still can't speak and Steve is still out of it. She is rubbing his shoulders comfortingly and just staring around. \"Are you okay?\" I ask her loudly. She pulls herself together and nods. \"Yeah\" She takes a deep breath \"Do you think Andrew is alive?\" \"Who knows?\" Andrew was going to leave us to die. He only thinks about himself. Of course I don't say this. \"They've decided to keep us alive\" Aisha says after a while. \"That was him deciding to keep us alive?\" I scoff. \"That wasn't even the scary bit\" Aisha notes grimly \"The scary bit is what they want us alive for.\" She's absolutely right. Steve rouses. \"Hey. Are you okay?\" \"Did that nutjob really shoot us?\" Steve asks groggily. \"Yeah\". I wonder why I don't need to pee anymore. It is only then that I feel the wetness on my trousers. I wonder if everyone is ignoring it to be kind or if they haven't noticed. The guards come in again and bring us in some clothes- grey sweatpants and grey sweatshirts. We all get dressed awkwardly with our backs turned so we do not see each other. I have to take off my boxers. We are ushered into a room with some chairs, a TV and a foosball table. A few people are milling around wearing grey sweat pants and grey sweat shirts. They all look up when we are ushered in. The guards walk out. Aisha looks at me and leads Steve over to the chairs. I follow them. We sit down. I look around nervously. They all seem nervous but this has been the strangest day. \"Should we have, I don't know, struggled?\" I ask wearily. \"I'm not sure it would have done any good\" She reaches over and lays her hand over my forearm and squeezes lightly \"We shouldn't have asked you to come\" \"You didn't\" I sigh. A middle aged man wearing glasses approaches us cautiously. \"Hi, I'm Rick. Rick Nunez. Is your friend okay?\" He asks kindly gesturing to Steve. \"Uh.. no. He..uh… hit his head\" Aisha lies unconvincingly. \"He isn't as strong as you are?\" It is immediately obvious that he knows. \"They shot him from closer. The gun was on his forehead\" I explain. Rick looks impressed \"I haven't heard of anyone surviving that. They usually do it to people they aren't sure about. To scare the rest. I'm a doctor. Do you mind if I take a look?\" This time he asks Steve he gently touches Steve's knee so he knows he is being addressed. \"Sure\" Steve says drowsily. Rick leans infront of him and tries to test the responsiveness of his pupils. \"He's blind\" Aisha explains. Steve raises an eyebrow. \"He was checking your pupil response\" Aisha explains. \"How was it, doc?\" Steve deadpans. \"Pretty bad\" Rick jokes. \"Do you have any idea why we are here or where here is?\" Aisha asks him as he looks into Steve's eyes. \"I got here 3 weeks ago. As far as I can tell they are training us to be some sort of army. They have a few sets. This is the one for newbies. George\" He nods at a guy who looks 16 watching TV in the corner \"has been here around 2 months.\" \"2 months?\" I ask incredulous. \"Yeah. He's strong. I don't think all of it is training. I think they are trying to see how far we can stretch before we break.\" He says. \"How do they do that?\" Aisha asks. \"Knowing that today won't help you so try not to worry. This is 'rec time' we get to hang out before dinner\" He explains cheerily. \"You're a doctor. You had a life. So they just took you?\" Aisha asks incredulous. \"You sound as shocked as I felt a couple of weeks ago. I guess you can get used to anything\" he smiles to himself. \"No one has tried to escape?\" Aisha asks. They are interrupted by the guards dragging a thrashing screaming body down the hall. \"That's Andrew\" Steve says. It is Andrew but they only see him for a second before he is dragged around a corner and out of sight. \"He's okay\" Aisha sighs with relief. \"He was going to leave us\" I finally say, frustrated. Steve's jaw tightens. \"Is that your friend?\" Rick asks. \"Friend. Yeah.\" I reply not bothering to disguise my bitterness. Rick doesn't seem interested in our drama. \"Well you look okay. A bit dazed but that will probably clear up. Do you need a cane or something?\" Rick asks Steve as he finishes his exam. \"I had one but they took it\" Steve explains. \"We can put in requests for stuff like that with the group leader. It's how I got my glasses. It could take a while though\" He sounds apologetic. \"It's a good thing you have your friends here with you. How did you find each other?\" He asks curiously. His tone is even but his energy shifts perceptibly. Steve telegraphs a strong message of distrust. He is right. We do not know this guy or if we can trust him. Aisha answers. She is the best at lying not just with her words but in keeping all the other non-verbal stuff in check as well in case there are any other telepaths in the room. \"We met at the detention center\" She says smoothly. Steve nudges me mentally to notice that there is someone paying intense attention to our conversation. I cannot be sure if they is listening to our thoughts as well. I can tell Steve is trying to tune in. Suddenly there is a loud noise as another man in his mid- twenties falls dramatically into a shelf. I can tell that Steve did it. That is the guy. Aisha reacts with feigned shocks and calms Rick's suspicions. \"You alright there?\" Rick yells over. \"Fine\" the man says looking perturbed. He hastily rearranges the board games that were on the shelf and comes over. \"Adrian meet the new inmates\" Rick gestures to us trailing off as we have not been formally introduced. \"Hi, I'm Aisha, this is Steve and Matt\" Aisha introduces us. \"Nice to meet you\" he replies awkwardly. We are all acutely aware of the contrast between the pleasantries we are exchanging and our surroundings. I didn't think anyone else could do that He thinks. It is addressed to Steve but we all hear. Aisha shoots me a look that it might be best if we don't let on that we are all telepaths. I nod subtly in agreement. Me neither Steve responds. \"Maybe I can show the newbies around before dinner?\" Adrian suggests to Rick. \"Sure. I'll see you guys at dinner\" Rick says. He squeezes Steve's shoulder as he gets up from where he was crouched in front of him. We set off following Rick. The tour is a blur. \"You were right not to trust Rick. He is the self-appointed leader and we all suspect he feeds them information but he is basically a good guy\" \"Who are 'they'?\" Aisha asks. \"Trask is military but no one knows which branch. I suspect when they are done with us we probably won't have official ranking either\" He smiles at a memory. Of course we all read it. \"You were military.\" Steve voices what we all just realized. \"You are good at that kid. I'm not that focused yet but I think having it might speed up getting out of here\" He muses. \"How are you getting out?\" I ask. \"The only way; there is no way out of here except playing along until they let you out. That's when you make your move and not a second before then\" He answers. Dinner passes in a blur. Everyone keeps to themselves and is suspicious of anyone else. Steve and Aisha are scanning the room to try and see if anyone else is a telepath. I am too tired to bother. Our 'room assignment' is a cell with four bunks. I have no idea what time it is when they throw us in there and lock the barred doors into the cells. I think it is strange that they are letting us bunk with a girl- the beds are too narrow to get up too much trouble though. We are also way too tense and exhausted. Aisha leads Steve to a bunk and he sits down. She describes the room to him and he nods wearily leaning back. I take the top bunk opposite him. Aisha squeezes in next to him and I wish I could get that kind of comfort from one of them. Steve smiles and nudges Aisha aside gently before getting up. \"Come here man\" He says. He isn't looking at me but I know he is talking to me. I jump down from the bunk and stand in front of him and he pulls me in for a hug. My first instinct is to struggle but, damn it, I needed a hug. Steve puts his arms around me and I can tell he is going to do it as long as I need him too. Our unwashed bodies smell terrible together but it is okay. We are going to be okay. It is easier to fall asleep after that. We are woken up what feels like 5 minutes later. I cannot tell because there are no windows and the cells are lit by fluorescent bulbs. The guards direct us into a courtyard where we are split into groups and we begin to do drills. The drills are exhausting and last for hours. Then breakfast. After breakfast we are ushered into a lecture hall. Adrian gestures for us to sit next to him. What follows is so bizarre. There is testing and recitation of weird phrases and a patriotic film. Then lunch. After lunch we have individual sessions where we are ushered into a room with General Trask and a guy in a white coat taking notes. It is like a cheesy spy movie. They ask me to move stuff, lift stuff and break stuff. The scientist says some weird stuff about manipulating molecules. I halfheartedly try to follow his instructions but I can't. He notes that down and them I am released. I am staring at the TV and Steve is asking funny questions about what he is hearing on the TV- which is tuned to the shopping network- when Aisha comes back. She flops down in between us. \"How was it?\" I ask. \"Same as you. Asked me to move things.\" She says. \"Could you do the molecule thing?\" I ask. \"Yeah but I'd done it before\" she answers. \"Steve?\" I ask. He nods. \"Way to make me feel like the loser guys\" I grumble. They both laugh. \"So I guess we're just property of the government, now?\" Steve wonders out loud. Aisha and I do not respond. \"Could be worse I guess\" He muses. And he is right. The next few weeks are tough but there is a strange comfort in the regularity. We wonder where Andrew is and are always trying to find out information. We keep our distance from the other inmates and we participate in the training. Most of it seems like standard military training and Adrian confirms this but there is also the strange mental conditioning element. It seems like brainwashing but I don't feel particularly brainwashed. Our powers respond to the regularity of the training and get stronger. Steve is particularly strong. He tells us that General Trask seems excited during their individual sessions. Aisha, Steve, Adrian and I are called out of drills and lead to Trask's office. \"Good morning soldiers\" Trask greets us congenially and gestures to us to sit. Aisha raises an eyebrow at me. Soldier seems like a strange word choice. \"Um. I'm not even America and would like to take this opportunity to express my displeasure at being kidnapped and forced to participate in whatever this is against my will\" Aisha says. \"Noted, soldier\" Trask chuckles. \"I have a mission for you. Adrian will be team leader. I want to be clear; this is a test to see if we can trust you with more responsibility. If you try to escape we will kill you and we will kill Andrew.\" \"I don't believe this 'we will kill you' nonsense\" Adrian challenges \"You haven't killed anyone yet.\" Trask smiles like he was hoping someone would say that. He pulls out a walkie talkie. \"Bring Nunez to the upper left quadrant\" he orders. We watch out the window as Nunez is escorted to the fence. The guard begins to walk away and Nunez seems confused. Trask pulls out a thing that looks like a television remote. \"Maybe you should narrate for Steve\" He suggests nodding to Aisha. \"Nunez is standing by the fence. Trask is holding a box that looks like a remote thing. He's going to kill him\" Aisha explains with only a small tremor in her voice. She stares at Trask defiantly as she does. \"I am only doing this because your friend doubted the seriousness of my intentions. But this will serve a double purpose; you only stay alive as long as you are useful. Nunez's training was not progressing and he is no longer useful to usefulness to me is measure in completed and successful missions.\" He presses the button and the ground vibrates and noise stuns us. Nunez just disappears in the explosion. He lets us sit in the silence for a moment before he claps his hands together. \"Am I understood?\" He asks pleasantly. \"Yes sir\" Adrian responds. He looks at Aisha and I questioningly. \"Yes sir\" we respond in unison. \"Steve?\" \"Yes sir\" Steve says, his voice hollow. \"Good. This gentleman will escort you to your briefing\" He dismisses us. We walk, dazed into the courtyard outside. A breeze blows the scent of smoke in our direction. Steve retches and finally throws up. We all stand in silence until he finishes, wipes his mouth with the corner of his sweatshirt and holds out his arm for Aisha lead him again. You are going to need a stronger stomach. Because I guarantee you whatever it is they want us to do- we are going to have to get our hands dirty. Adrian thinks. He feels sorry for us because he thinks we are just children but also slightly frustrated because having Steve with him might be a liability. He is concerned primarily with self-preservation. We should be too. I think grimly.[Chapter 9] The details of the mission are simple. We sit in a briefing room and have the details laid out for us by one of Trask's minions. He says his name is Tim and that he will be coordinating our missions. He doesn't seem military to me. A quick scan of Adrian's thoughts shows that he is equally skeptical. The mission is simple. Steve will track our target and Adrian will lead Matt and I on a mission to drop a beacon at his home. We will be airlifted into an undisclosed location and our target will be revealed to us then. We will have 12 hours to complete our mission. \"That's it? We just drop a beacon?\" I ask Tim. He won't tell me the truth but most people think about the truth before they tell a lie. His mind is blank. \"That's all you need to know.\" He smiles. CIA Adrian telegraphs. He still thinks that Steve is the only telepath. Steve, Matt and I have been trying to figure out ways of communicating without him noticing. He isn't that strong but he is very suspicious. The trick to shielding is to let some thoughts filter through since no one is ever thinking about nothing. Apparently at the CIA they just teach you not to think about anything. I wonder how they do that? \"When do we leave?\" Steve asks. \"0400 hours\" Tim replies. Maybe Tim is telepathic? Maybe they have a telepath in the other room shielding for him? Maybe he just doesn't know the rest of the plan? Maybe he is sending a bunch of kids on a crazy dangerous mission and he is detached from it Steve telegraphs, ostensibly to Adrian, his tone is matter of fact but I know it is for me. I shield registering it and focus on the protocols that Tim is droning on about. \"No intervention mission. The United States government will not claim you, we will deny any and all knowledge of your existence.\" He reads from a piece of paper in his hands studiously avoiding eye contact with us. \"So if anything goes wrong we are on our own?\" Matt clarifies. \"Essentially, yes. It helps that you are all officially dead.\" Tim jokes. Everyone registers this information but we keep our faces impassive. Finally we are let out of the briefing room and into the rec centre. There are a new bunch of 'recruits'. Everyone keeps to themselves especially after news of what happened to Rick Nunez spread. No one trusts anyone and because we are constantly in and out of training and exams there isn't really very much time to build relationships. I lead Steve to the couch where we usually have our rec dates. \"Is anyone looking?\" He asks sheepishly when we are settled in. \"No\" I do a quick scan to make sure. Most people are caught up in their own rec routines. Matt is playing foosball with Adrian. \"Good\" He pulls me in for a kiss. Here is the thing; this is undoubtedly the most messed up situation of my life. My parents think I am dead. My whole life has been turned upside down and I am going to have to do something that I really do not want to do in a few hours but when we kiss this warm feeling spreads through my stomach and I have this micro moment of knowing that everything will be okay. Maybe not even will be but is. Everything is okay. It is false and it is temporary and my stomach churning anxiety always comes back. But it is nice. \"Why did you want to make sure no one was looking?\" We haven't tried to hide the fact that we are a couple- too many lies to keep up with already. \"Oh. Because of this.\" Steve pulls a snickers bar out of the pocket of his ugly grey sweatpants. \"No way!\" I grab the chocolate bar and open it to make sure it is real. It has been forever since I have seen food from outside. \"Be cool\" Steve cautions. \"Where did you get it?\" \"One of the guards. I've been planting that he should do something nice for me since we got here.\" He explains. \"Can I have some?\" I ask. \"It's for you.\" I scoff. \"It is\" He insists \"Happy birthday.\" \"My birthday is two days from now\" \"We'll be busy trying not to die two days from now\" He jokes. \"We'll be back by then\" I reassure him. \"Yeah\" He reassures me. \"Thank you for the present\" I lean in and kiss him. When we break the kiss he pulls me in for a hug. We sit there for a little bit. Matt wins his game of foosball and comes over for a high five. He joins us on the couch and lays his head in my lap. I stroke his head. I break the chocolate into three even chunks and hand it out to everyone. \"Don't tell me if I am hallucinating this. Just let me dream.\" Matt says as he bites into it. We laugh. \"Happy birthday by the way\" Matt says. \"It isn't my birthday yet.\" \"Yeah well I need to say it now\" He takes another bite of chocolate \"This is pretty good for a last meal.\" \"We're not going to die.\" I insist. \"Yeah\" He responds rolling his eyes \"I mean, for all we know we can't, right?\" \"Nunez hasn't managed to resurrect.\" Steve observes. \"Yeah well, we're better off not thinking about what they did with the parts of Nunex that were large enough to scoop up.\" Matt muses munching his chocolate. Later on we are having dinner in the mess hall. Matt is complaining about how the chocolate just reminded him of what real food tasted like making the food even more inedible. He trails off. I turn to see what he is looking at- a new girl, a pretty one. Steve laughs and rolls his eyes. \"Really, Matt? Weren't you just going on and on about how we were going to die?\" Steve asks stabbing a piece of grey meat and shoving it into his mouth. \"We're not yet dead yet\" Matt says quickly finishing off his food \"excuse me.\" \"Oh my God he is actually going to go talk to her.\" I laugh pushing away my tray. \"It's going to work. She thinks he's cute.\" You need to stop doing that to innocent people. I telegraph. Why? It is so much fun. He telegraphs back with a grin. I think about the most disgusting thing I have ever seen; which was a deformed calf being born on my Grandmother's farm. I push the image forcefully into Steve's mind. \"Oh my God. Disgusting. I'm done with dinner.\" Steve laughs \"I could smell it. How did you do that?\" \"It was a complete memory so I guess I could communicate the whole thing\" I muse. \"Cool. Do you think there is any point going to bed tonight?\" Steve asks playfully. \"Nope\" I smile \"But how will we fill in the time between now and leaving?\" \"We could go see a movie.\" Steve floods my mind with memories of walking hand in hand coming back from class. Since it is from his perspective all I can smell is my perfume, I can feel the warmth of the crook of my elbow against his hand and I can hear the steady tap of his cane as he navigates the sidewalk; it punctuates my laughter. I can feel how much he loved making me laugh. \"We could go get desert\". I focus on the memory of a night when we sat in the kitchen nook and ate cheesecake. I do not hide how I felt that night sitting across from him in his grey tank. How my skin flushed when his hand brushed against mine when he reached out and I handed him a fork. I smile as I watch his face respond to the memory I pushed into his head. I know he got visuals as well. I wonder if it was weird for him to watch himself through my eyes. \"Or we could just go back to the room? Matt's going to be a while.\" He feigns nonchalance. \"Good idea.\" The alarm goes off literally three seconds after I have fallen asleep. Steve, Matt and I get dressed groggily and head out silently to the waiting transport. The clothes were given to us when we first moved to individual training sessions. It is combat gear; warm layers in dark colours with loads of pockets and sturdy boot .The ride is twenty three minutes long and the moon is bright which gives me something to stare at out of the window. I can keep track on the watches we were issued this morning. It feels good to be able to keep track of time again. We get to the airstrip and are herded into a military aircraft. I've only ever flown commercial so it looks like something out of a movie. The noise as we take off is deafening. \"So how did it go with the new girl?\" Steve shouts as soon as the sound of the engine has dulled to a steady rumble. \"Don't ask because I am not telling soldier\" Matt leans back cockily. I laugh. We fall asleep after a little bit and are woken up by a soldier opening a door between the cockpit and us. \"We are landing in ten minutes. \" He barks before retreating back into the cockpit. I wipe the drool off my face and check my pockets for some reason. I feel the plane start to descend and my stomach clenches. I check my pockets again. I feel like I have forgotten something. I hate this. We hit the tarmac and someone ushers us into a room. Steve is separated from us. Matt, Adrian and I are lead to a jeep. \"I am going to communicate with Steve and relay the information to you. Stay frosty okay?\" Adrian says. He looks totally in his element as he jumps into the jeep. Once a soldier always a soldier I guess. Matt and I jump in after him. We speed through the streets. I can't really take in anything about our surroundings but I would guess we are in North Africa which would make me really close to home. The jeep stops in a compound. We climb out and the driver throws a package at Adrian and speeds off. Adrian turns to us. \"You need to shield and make us look as nondescript as possible.\" Adrian barks at me. This is a talent that really impressed our trainers. Basically I can make skip right past us when they scan a room. I nod at Adrian. \"You will be our back up. If anything goes wrong you will have to fly or fight us out.\" Adrian orders Matt. This makes sense. Matt is strong enough to pull us all out of here and fly. \"I will communicate with Steve and, when the time comes, I will plant the beacon.\" Adrian concludes. Cool. It means we can leave him. \"I heard that.\" He smirks at me. \"I meant you to. Let's get this over with, okay?\" Adrian hands out our disguises. I shake my head when I see us all dressed up in our burqas. \"There is something so racist and sexist about this. You can't let anyone look at you too closely. It is going to be hard enough to stop them noticing you guys\" I warn. Steve telegraphs a location to Adrian. Matt and I pretend not to have heard. \"Head out\" He barks. We follow him. We walk for half an hour. It is quite hot I look at my watch and realize I have no idea what the time is locally. I look at the position of the sun and guess it is around arrive at the location that Steve told us about. He lets us know how many people are inside. Matt is surveying the surrounding buildings. We spend some time talking through our options until Steve warns we are running out of time. \"I'm just going to walk in. Cover me.\" Adrian starts to head into the house through the courtyard. The guards are hyper-vigilant which makes it more tricky to make Adrian invisible. I crouch down and concentrate. He makes it through the gate. He walks into the house and no one sees him. This is so weird Adrian thinks. He rounds a corner into the main room where our target is sitting but walks straight into a guard. There is no way to disguise the feeling of walking into something. Everyone notices it and gives Adrian a second look. The guard that he bumped into pulls out his gun and starts to aim. I make the decision to knock him out quickly. I have no idea what I did to his brain but I felt something break before his body fell to the ground. Everyone definitely notices that. An order is given and everyone pulls out their guns and begins shooting. Matt hears the commotion. \"What is going on?\" Steve telegraphs Adrian is alive. \"I'm going to get him. Cover us.\" I yell at Matt before running into the house. I shield myself and run straight for Adrian bolstering his already weakening shield. The bullets are raining down. With all the strength I can muster I push the shield outwards. Everyone is knocked off their feet. The windows shatter. The walls crack. Adrian and I get out of there as fast as possible. When we are back on the street and reunited with Matt we take off just in time to watch a bomb heading straight for the house. Meet at the rendezvous point Steve telegraphs. \"Let's head for the rendezvous point. \" Adrian orders. We follow each-other. Matt has the GPS. The coordinates only came in at the last minute. We fly for 6 hours. I have no idea where we are but the sun has just started going down. Matt starts to land and I follow him. My landing is sloppy and I land on my knees. Adrian doubles back to help me up. We see the waiting military jet. There is a soldier who scans our nano chips into a computer before allowing us to enter. They injected permanent tracking devices into us before the mission so they wouldn't have to rely on the medication. \"Aisha?\" Steve asks gripping his cane. I can tell he has been pacing anxiously. I move in for a hug. Matt gets one after me. \"Adrian?\" Steve says holding out his hand for a handshake. Adrian shakes his hand. \"Strap in\" barks the person in the cockpit. Matt shows Steve his seat and straps him in before sitting down. We sit silently for the first ten minutes of the flight. Everyone is too frazzled to shield and the air hums with fragments of thoughts. The space is drenched in our collective adrenaline. I wish I was sitting next to Steve. He floods me with a memory of us sitting next to each other at the bar and the many times he 'accidentally' grazed my thigh. I smile. \"Please stop\" Adrian groans. \"Sorry\" Steve laughs sounding decidedly unapologetic. \"Why did you go back for me?\" Adrian asks gruffly after Steve's laughter has died down. \"Your shielding isn't that strong. I remembered that from training. I knew you wouldn't be able to hold them off for that long.\" I answer. \"Why not just leave me to die?\" He asks looking into my eyes intensely. \"I wouldn't do that. The only way we are going to get through this is together.\" We don't return to the States the same way and we are moved to a different base away from the other prisoners. \"Welcome back\" Tim greets us as we climb out of the jeep. No one answers. Matt, Adrian and I are too busy trying to take in our new surroundings. \"So these are your new digs. We need to debrief you and then we'll show you your new living quarters.\" Tim explains. For debrief we fill in paperwork that details our actions during the mission and then go through a polygraph where we are quizzed on the details we fill in. Everyone is professional and cold. After the debrief we are ushered into a room with a round table and Tim is waiting for us. I am starving- we haven't eaten anything since the energy bars we found in the plane. \"You guys must be hungry; help yourselves and sit down and we can have a chat.\" Tim says gesturing to sandwiches set up in the corner. I make a plate for Steve and put it in front of him before grabbing a sandwich for myself. Once we have all sat down Tim begins. \"That was really good work. We want to talk to you about your future with the Agency.\" Tim begins. \"The agency?\" Adrian scoffs. \"Yes. The Agency. You demonstrated your worth as assets today.\" \"You make it sound like we have a choice.\" Steve notes. \"You do. The same one your friend Andrew had to make. Between choosing to live and work for us and extermination.\" Tim sets out calmly. \"What did he choose?\" Matt asks. \"He chose us.\" \"Attempts to brainwash you have been unsuccessful and the top scientific minds in the country have not been able to figure out what happened to you and whether it can be reversed. Let me be clear; proving yourselves loyal and useful and death are the only choices available to you.\" \"So; die or slavery?\" Matt clarifies sarcastically \"do we get some time to think about it or is this wonderful offer closing soon?\" \"You can think about it tonight. I'll get my answer tomorrow.\" With that Tim stands and leaves. A group of guards come in and show us to our new living quarters. It is a house. They drop us off and drive away without explaining anything to us. We approach the house suspiciously. It is furnished like a rental. The kitchen is fully stocked. The bedrooms have clothes in our sizes and toiletries. After showering and changing into fresh clothes. Steve and I head to the kitchen. He sits down and I start to look through the cupboards finding something to cook. The idea of a hot home-cooked meal is enough incentive for me to shake off my fatigue and rally to make something. \"Hey. Need any help?\" Matt offers as he enters. Clearly Steve and I weren't the only ones who had the idea to shower and get dressed. I am in the middle of middle of rubbing a marinade on to the chicken. \"Sure. Make the salad?\" I suggest. Matt nods and pulls some vegetables out of the crisper. \"There's beer in here. You want one, Steve?\" Matt offers. \"Yeah. Thanks\" Steve agrees. Matt brushes the bottle against Steve's hand and returns his attention to the salad. We work in silence. Adrian joins us for dinner once it is ready. We sit around the kitchen table washing down our meal with beers. \"So what are we going to do?\" Adrian asks. \"We?\" I enquire petulantly. \"Yes, we probably have a better chance of surviving this if we work together\" Adrian smiles at me. \"I don't see that we really have a choice. We have to say yes\" Matt says \"This house is better than our old cell.\" \"It is a slightly nicer place to be imprisoned against your will and kill people for the government\" I say sarcastically. My hands shake and I get up from the table and head to my room, careful to shield my thoughts. I killed someone today. More than one person I realize noting that I was only counting the guard that I snapped. I killed a room full of people today. I take a deep steadying breath. I have no idea who they were or what they did to deserve that. Is there anything they could have done to 'deserve' what we did. There is a knock at the door. \"Can I come in?\" Steve calls cautiously from the door. \"Yeah\" I call back. Steve does a pretty good job finding the bed and sitting down next to me considering I am being completely unhelpful. \"Do you want to talk about it?\" He asks. \"I killed people today. What is there to say about that?\" I ask choking back a sob. \"You did what you had to do. You saved Adrian.\" Steve reaches out and finds my hand. \"It was too easy to do that. I didn't think I was capable of that. It was the easiest thing.\" I admit. \"Good.\" I stare at him incredulously. \"I mean it. I want us to survive. I want to think that we will have a life after this. I'm glad you can do what you need to survive. I wish I could protect you. I would do it for you if I could but I can't so I'm glad you did it.\" \"That's really messed up.\" \"I know.\" \"I don't know if I can be this person.\" As soon as I say it I know that it is a lie. I know I can become this person. I worry that I have already become this person. I don't want to be this person. \"We'll get out of here.\" Steve assures me. I wish I couldn't tell how little he believes that we will. Today is my 20th birthday.[Chapter 10] \"So you're first mission was a near unmitigated disaster\" Tim says. The giant grin on his face doesn't match his critical words. He has just finished introducing himself as our long term handler explaining that he would be our only contact with the Agency and that this would be our base of operation. After my talk with Steve, a hot home cooked meal and a night of uninterrupted sleep in a queen size bed my own room I am feeling slightly more optimistic about my future. \"Yesterday you said we'd proved our worth.\" Adrian smirks. \"You have. Your raw….erm…. talent is evident. You proved yourselves worthy of further training and investment. But how you actually handled your mission was sloppy and dangerous and poorly thought out. Whose idea was it to physically plant the beacon?\" Tim leans back in the office chair he is sitting in. \"Mine\" Adrian answers boldly. \"You all have telekinetic abilities.\" Tim observes drily. \"We didn't know what the layout of the meet-up would me or how anyone would respond to something floating in there.\" Adrian sits up getting defensive. \"Adrian you were briefed about the beacon. You could have buried it outside the wall and it would have worked. Why didn't you?\" Tim asks. I can tell that Tim is intentionally stirring the pot to make it seem like Adrian intentionally endangered our lives and I am interested in the answer but it is more important to make it clear, both to Adrian and Tim, where our allegiances lie. \"You still haven't asked us what we choose?\" I speak up. \"I'm sorry?\" Tim turns his attention to me. \"Yesterday you gave us an option. You started today's meeting assuming that we've all picked the Agency.\" He stares me down for a second. I make sure to hold his gaze. I can feel something close to gratitude from Adrian. \"You're right Aisha. So has anyone decided on extermination?\" He asks cheerfully clapping his hands together. We all look at each other. Steve speaks for the group. \"We need more information before we make our decision. Is there any chance of an outside life? How many missions would we do? How much information would we be given?\" \"Would we get paid?\" Adrian chimes in. I roll my eyes at Matt who just smirks in my direction. We had agreed that asking for payment and becoming mercenaries would probably compromise our moral high ground. Besides, as property of the government, where would we spend our ill-gotten gains? It is clear that Tim finds the question just as ridiculous. \"Look if this is going to work you will need to be comfortable not seeing the big picture. I don't have the answers either. Right now what you know is that the alternative is death. You need to make the best decision you can with the information you have.\" Tim says. For the first time since we met him he seems almost human to me. He's telling the truth. We don't have a choice. Matt telegraphs sounding exhausted. \"Okay\" Matt says staring at his hands. \"Okay\" Adrian follows. \"Okay\" Steve says clearing his throat and reaching for my hand under the table. \"Okay\" I say squeezing Steve's hand. \"Okay\" comes a voice from behind us. We all know who it is but even Steve turns to make sure. \"Ah. Grab a seat Andrew.\" Tim gestures to the seat. My hand is instantly sweaty. I release Steve's hand quickly and wipe my hand on my khaki trousers careful to keep my thoughts blank. My throat is dry so I reach for the glass of water in front of me. Andrew catches my eye as he sits down and smiles. I smile back, uncomfortable. \"Now if you're all done with this heartwarming reunion; let's get to work.\" Tim smirks, relishing in the tension that has descended. He sets out our schedule for the week which boils down to tests and training. I notice that we have more 'personal time' than we did at the centre. That, combined with our own house, is a huge improvement. I wonder how long it takes for Stockholm syndrome to set in. I don't have a lot of time to think about it. Tim instructs us that our first session is with the research team. We are lead into a waiting room where we sit in silence. Matt is staring at Andrew leerily. We are all trying very hard to keep our thoughts blank. A guy in a white coat comes out and calls me in. \"Ladies first.\" I joke as I enter the room. He doesn't even crack a smile. \"I'm going to draw some blood.\" I take off my hoodie and sit on the gurney. He takes out a needle and draws some blood. He takes my blood pressure and listens to my heart. \"We're done. Ask Matt to come in.\" He dismisses me. I am dazed by the conveyer belt nature of the interaction. I wordlessly get off the gurney and walk out of the room. The boys are still sitting in silence. Steve is fiddling with his cane. They all look up questioningly. \"He just took some blood and stuff. He wants you to go in Matt\" I say. Matt stands up and walks into the room. I sit down near Steve. The silence is so heavy. When everyone is done with the white coat guy he directs us to a large room. A woman with red hair is waiting for us. She smiles, which is disorienting. \"Hi guys! I'm Sharon and I am going to be training you guys. Today we're just going to assess.\" She says. Sharon leads us through what I can only describe as an obstacle course for people with superpowers. She doesn't mind if we do it as a team. In fact, after we ask she seems pleased. She explains the objective to us- basically to get across the course as quickly as possible. There is a giant wall, swinging planks of wood and what looks like a giant body of water. \"Go!\" Sharon yells. She nods at a darkened window where I assume the monitoring is taking place. Matt raises an eyebrow at me. He thinks we should just fly. It is a good idea but something makes me pause. They know, from Andrew and from our first mission that we can fly and that would make it too easy. I pick up a chair near Sharon and throw it above the obstacle course. It sets off a force field of some sort and lands directly underneath the spot, charred. \"Time is ticking!\" Shouts Sharon. Her tone is teasing. She sounds like a friendly camp counselor leading us in a game of capture the flag. None of us move. \"Clearly you need a little incentive.\" She laughs and nods at the darkened window again. The force field ceiling starts to descend. Awesome. Matt looks at me for guidance. When I don't do anything. He runs towards Steve and starts to lead him toward the first obstacle- the giant wall. I don't make the decision to do what happens next. The exhaustion, frustration and confusion of the past few days build up and as soon as the idea pops into my head I know that I can do it. So I do it. You can reach into the smallest part of a thing and pull it apart. You can break something so thoroughly that there are no pieces and no sound when it shatters. The wall, the water, the force field, Sharon's clipboard; It is only so much stuff. And I have the power to take it apart. The look on Sharon's face when her clipboard and everything else in the room disappears is worth the instant splitting headache. Steve realizes what I did first and does that thing where he manages to look right at me. I start to walk out of the room. Matt leads Steve and they follow me. No one stops us. We walk silently all the way back to the house. I sit on the couch. Steve and Matt join me. Steve finds my hand and gives it a squeeze. I start to laugh. They join me. That's how Andrew finds us. \"Next time you guys are planning a coordinated storm off you should let me know.\" He comments sitting across from us in one of the armchairs in the room. \"Where have you been?\" Steve asks. \"Oh you know; lab experiments and stuff.\" He answers casually. \"Did it hurt?\" Matt growls unkindly. \"Yes.\" Andrew answers easily. \"You guys just left. That was so awkward.\" Adrian whines as he enters the room. He spots Andrew. I hear him instruct himself not to recoil. \"You must be Andrew. Welcome back.\" Adrian extends his hand. Andrew takes it and nods a greeting. \"Does anyone want something to drink? I'll put on some coffee.\" Adrian suggests heading into the kitchen. Andrew studies my face intently. \"You're getting stronger\" He observes after a beat. Steve slides his hand on to my knee protectively. \"I have a theory about that. It's your first kill. It frees you. You've done the worst thing your powers can do so you aren't scared anymore. And because you aren't scared you are powerful.\" His eyes narrow. I fight the urge to cross my hands in front of my chest. Just because it seems like he can see right through me doesn't mean he can. I block his attempts to read me. \"Aisha did what she did to protect us and get us out of there alive. Are we going to talk about how you were going to abandon after we got in that situation trying to save you?\" Matt asks. \"I would apologize but I think you guys are starting to get that the only point now is survival.\" \"Well then you still messed up because the only way we are going to survive this is together.\" Steve points out calmly. \"That I agree with. But if you escape you'll take me with you.\" Matt scoffs. \"You will. Because you need me. Matt is weak. Aisha and Steve are strong but wouldn't be able to get their hands bloody. You can't be sure you can trust Adrian.\" \"We definitely can't trust you\" I say. \"Yes you can. You know exactly who I am and you can trust that. I'm going to get us out of here.\" Andrew promises. A familiar look is in his eyes. It is murderous and certain. I cross my legs. Sharon walks in while we are making dinner. The radio is on and I am making a salad and listening to Steve singing softly to himself. He has a lovely voice. He comes up next to me and swings me around pulling me in closer to sway us to the music. My body instantly responds to the warmth from his. I pull away when I hear footsteps but only slightly as I think it must be Matt or Adrian. \"We had some bets about which of the guys you were sleeping with. Looks like I win.\" Sharon begins, raising her eyebrow archly. \"Excuse me?\" I sputter not able to stop the blush rising on my face. I know that she notices it. I take a deep breath so I don't hand her any more easy victories. \"Why are you here?\" Steve asks flatly. \"I came to talk to Aisha about her little display. Will you excuse us?\" \"No.\" Steve answers calmly wrapping his arm around me. I appreciate what he is trying to do but it doesn't help me to be perceived as under his protection. \"I'm going to talk to her\" I tell Steve \"Let's go outside\" I gesture toward the door. She joins me outside. It is a mild day. \"That was stupid.\" She observes drily. \"What was?\" I ask. \"Your little tantrum. Do you realize you gave us exactly what we wanted? We're assessing you and now we know that you are incredibly powerful. And stupid.\" \"I was tired. It's been a little tough what with the kidnapping and conscription\" I answer sarcastically. She walks towards me. I instantly raise a shield. \"You are going to have to learn how to play this game if you guys are going to survive. The quicker they think that they control you the sooner they will make a mistake.\" Her voice is low and urgent. \"They? You are one of them.\" \"I am the only reason the whole lot of you weren't blown up today. Everyone thinks this program is too risky. Plan A was to exterminate you. This is Plan B. There is no Plan C. Do you understand?\" I nod. \"Your psychological profile points you out as the natural leader and smartest tactician. You can get your friends out of this.\" She urges me. \"I don't understand. Why would you be helping us?\" \"You aren't the only ones at risk. If this pilot is at risk they will start screening the general population for superhuman abilities. I can't let that happen.\" I try to probe but she has a shield up. Our eyes lock and in that moment I understand. She is one of us. \"Wait. Are there more?\" She turns and walks away.[Chapter 11] Aisha The easiest way to gain trust is to be trustworthy my grandmother used to tell me. She probably still passes on that advice. I stand outside for a few minutes, listening to Sharon's footsteps and then the sound of her car starting and pulling away as I try to decide what to do. If there is an angle she is playing, I can't see it. It is way too much of a risk for her and anyone could see, outside of my little tantrum, we weren't going to risk our lives or the lives of our parents by being anything less than cooperative. She gains nothing by coming up with an elaborate network of gifted people somehow at risk of extermination. She is like us. She could have been the person shielding for Tim. She could have been listening to us all along. If that is true then she has been protecting us. She could have exposed us a million different times in a million different ways; most crucially by undermining our new alliance with Adrian by exposing that we had lied to him about our ability to communicate telepathically. So she's telling the truth. What should I do with the truth? I could keep it to myself- which seems stupid. If I need to step up and lead, they need to trust me. We were going to cooperate anyway, I remind myself as I turn back towards the house. Steve is in the kitchen, finishing up the salad. Considering I have watched him fly, hurl massive objects using the power of his mind and shield himself from a bullet fired directly into his brain I shouldn't be surprised that Steve can handle himself in the kitchen. Except that I am. Because I have never seen him do any form of cooking the entire time I've known him. \"You are going to catch a fly in your mouth if you continue to stand there, slack jawed staring at me\" He smiles as he chops up a cucumber. \"Since when do you cook?\" \"Since when does chopping things count as cooking?\" \"Since when does that count as an answer?\" \"Since when is a boyfriend not allowed to maintain a slight air of mystery around himself?\" He raises an eyebrow. \"Oh. Excuse me\" I return playfully \"I'll just leave you and your air of mystery to finish the salad.\" Andrew walks in and the levity is sucked out of the room. Well, for me at least. Steve turns to Andrew and smiles warmly. \"You know what I was thinking?\" Steve asks. \"No.\" Andrew replies grimly sitting on the kitchen island. \"When all this is over….If all this is ever over.. we should head down to Tibet. The monks, the temples, the freezing ass weather. Sounds perfect, right?\" Andrew flashes a ghost of a smile. \"You would want to go?\" Andrew asks. \"I always thought we would. We're all still alive so there isn't anything stopping us.\" \"Right, nothing\" Andrew gestures to the walls \"Sorry, man, I was just pointing at all the nothing that isn't stopping us,\" He finishes awkwardly. \"I don't see anything stopping us,\" Steve deadpans. I laugh. \"I don't know if you can come, Aisha. It's a dudes only Tibet trip. You know the kind?\" \"Oh yeah- tale as old as time. My boyfriend and his friends flew off to Tibet and left me behind. I totally understand.\" \"You can come\" Andrew says seriously. \"Thanks, Andrew\" I don't try to hide my surprise. \"Yeah. Tibet,\" Andrew muses. Over dinner Andrew squares his body to face Adrian. \"So, the beacon?\" He begins. Adrian tenses. I am considering whether to intervene or to let it play out. Andrew can be the bad guy and I can get answers. \"Look\" Adrian puts down his cutlery \"I was nervous and I forgot and I wanted to demonstrate leadership. I figured it would end up making me more valuable. I didn't, I still don't\" He pauses and looks down at his plate \"I don't want to die.\" \"How did you forget, though?\" Matt asks incredulously. \"You aren't a soldier.\" Steve suggests calmly. We all turn and watch his face. His face crumples under the weight of the truth. \"What?\" It is my turn to be incredulous. \"I was in basic training. I was on watch duty and that's when I found it,\" Adrian admits. \"So you haven't been in active duty?\" Steve confirms. \"No. They don't say it like that but, no.\" Adrian admits. We all spend some time digesting the information. \"It doesn't really matter so why lie about it?\" I ask. Even as I ask I know the answer. He didn't want to die. He had no one looking out for him. \"It was stupid\" He sighs. Andrew scoffs in response. \"We'll all do better next time\" I say, in an attempt to conclude the conversation. We are called in for more debrief after dinner where we have to discuss our strengths and weaknesses on our last mission. The weaknesses outweigh the strengths. Everyone is criticized pretty heavily but Adrien gets it the worst. After debrief we run drills for hours without a break. Sharon shields thoroughly but after a few hours she doesn't have to. I barely have the strength to stand up. The shield keeps coming down. They made it stronger. We make it through every time and the simulation resets with a slight variation. I assume leadership and the whole team seems to respond. We make it through and it resets. Matt has been leading Steve through the course while I have been flying to get a better vantage point and call out any surprises. We can't all fly. We tried this once but it triggers something that makes the whole thing very messy. I use my masking when I'm up there- it helps. The last time we run it, it all goes to shit. Matt gets smacked in the face by a flying piece of debri. Andrew runs over to help him and Steve. Matt shakes Andrew off angrily. Steve is disoriented by their anger. The force field is closing. Adrien is already on the other side. I watch them anxiously for a moment, willing them to remember what is important. That doesn't work and the descending force field means I have to land. I grab the three idiots and hurl them to the finish. The field speeds up. There isn't any room to fly. There's barely any room to stand. I crawl towards the end. Fog clouds my vision. Excellent. I try to create a breeze to clear a path. It doesn't work. I hear it getting closer. It sounds like the sides are closing in as well. I feel an arm reach for me and begin to drag me out. He is too late. The force field crashes into us. Nothing prepared me for the feeling of that level of voltage crashing into me. Blacking out is a relief. We are revived and informed that the session is over. The mood is heavy as we trudge back to the house. My whole body is tingling, the ache is bone deep and there is a ringing in my ears. Everyone's pain, anger and frustration is like a thick wool blanket. I can't make out the specific and yet the din is overpowering. \"Do you think they are sending us out again soon?\" Matt definitely asks stupid questions when he is nervous. I head to my room, studiously avoid looking at my bed and will myself to the shower. We have training tomorrow and the shower will help with the soreness. I change into my pyjamas before heading into Steve's room. I pick up an uncomfortable pang of jealousy from Adrian who misses his girlfriend so much as he passes me in the hall it is a dull ache. God, it is exhausting to feel everything. I shield as best as I can and duck into Steve's room. The adrenaline is wearing off and my whole body sags. \"Who is it?\" He asks as he hears me enter. \"It's me\" He must be exhausted if he couldn't tell as I walked in. \"You came back for me.\" I note as I climb into bed with him. \"Of course I did\" His voice is gruff but he shifts on to his back and carefully opens his arms to accommodate me. \"So.. that's what that thing feels like\" I joke weakly. \"The worst.\" \"I didn't think it was that bad.\" We both laugh. Sharon is one of us I confess, deciding to pass it on telepathically in case the house is bugged. Which means shielding so the others don't catch it by mistake. \"What?\" She has abilities, like us I add . \"She told you?\" He asks, sitting up. No. She came over to warn me. She told me we should play along, bide our time, make ourselves useful and wait for an opportunity. \"I agree with that\" He says neutrally. \"Do you think I should tell the others?\" I ask. The fewer lies to keep track of, the better He thinks. \"Thank you for coming back for me,\" I say reaching over him to turn off the lamp. \"I think they just wanted to punish you after your display. Tomorrow won't be as rough, hopefully\" He says, squeezing my hand as I settle in next to him. \"Honestly I'm not sure I'll be able to get out of bed tomorrow. Everything aches\" I groan. We lie in the dark for a little. \"We'll get out of this\" He promises. We tell everyone over breakfast. Andrew has a worrying non-reaction. Adrian is bewildered but I can feel him forcing himself to calm down. He takes a few deep breaths and Matt speaks first. \"So what does that mean- abilities?\" \"I don't know. I couldn't really tell. She claims she is on our side. That we should just cooperate.\" I've been using the euphemism 'cooperate' for a while now. Even though I know what it means. Kill. Act as assassins for America. I'm from one of those countries full of disposable brown people. How do I reconcile this? I know Steve agrees with me. \"Sorry, thinking too loudly.\" \"Moral and sociopolitical concerns aside, we need to be concerned with our survival primarily. Especially if there are others. Especially if they can help.\" Adrian says. \"Okay. Say we survive. Say we get out. We can't go back to our old lives. We can't stop running. What do we file this assassin period of our lives under? Youthful indiscretions? The things we had to do to survive?\" I stab my eggs. \"We'll figure it out because we'll be alive to figure it out.\" Steve squeezes my hand. \"For today, I was thinking we should play up our injuries\" Andrew suggests. We all turn to look at him blankly. \"Everyone still hurts, right?\" He asks Everyone nods tentatively. I definitely still hurt. A giant bruise has bloomed on my torso, which I need to get taken care of. I'm worried I'm bleeding internally. Our ability to regenerate has gotten stronger with all the training but it isn't instant and it isn't complete. \"I think because I came back from the dead they think that we heal immediately and are indestructible. Which is why they can use voltage that high for training. If we are going to keep our strength up for whatever comes up next, we need them to take it easier on us. Maybe see us as human\" Andrew explains. This is actually a good idea. \"Maybe this will help?\" I lift my shirt exposing the bruise. Matt and Adrian inhale loudly, proving that it looks as bad as I think it does. \"It doesn't hurt that much.\" I note. \"You are the one they were trying to punish yesterday. Maybe this will help. Really play it up.\" Andrew encourages. When we get to the center I shyly approach Sharon. It actually isn't that hard to play up my injuries. Just the sight of a new, reconfigured obstacle course makes me feel sick. \"Aisha\" She greets me cooly while checking something on her tablet. \"Can I please see a Doctor?\" I ask disgusted by the meekness in my voice. I raise my shirt to reveal the bruise. She looks at me and cannot hide her reaction to it. Without another word she walks out and leaves us standing in the training hanger. We suspect there is an observatory somewhere where Sharon and Tim get their orders from superiors we have never met or seen. It is pretty difficult to sense someone you have never met. I can tell they are in the building but I have no idea what they want. Sharon comes back and ushers us all into the building where we had they took our blood on the first day. I am seen to first. They ask me to change into a hospital gown and I get a full work up. A person hands me some contrast fluid to drink and I am wheeled to an MRI. I'm not sure where the others are. I am starting to wonder if this was a good idea. I do not like ingesting strange things and being isolated. In the MRI, I start to panic. \"You need to hold still or the images will be blurry and you'll just have to do it again.\" Comes a kind deep voice through the intercom. \"I don't like small spaces.\" I squirm more. \"There's nothing I can do about that, ma'am. My orders are to get the scan so you really need to be still.\" His tone is growing impatient. \"Do I look old enough to be a ma'am?\" I ask. No one replies. \"Call me Aisha. Please\" I ask. \"Okay, Aisha. I can't do anything about the confined space but how about we just chat and you stay still until this is over\" He offers \"Okay\" I agree. The machine starts again and he chats to me while avoiding giving me any information about where we are or who he is. It is exceptionally dull small talk. But it opens him up and I find a way in. I now have a way to find out how to disarm our trackers. \"Do you have a name?\" I ask as I come out of the machine. He gives me a smile that shows that I should know better. But he thinks it. Michael. Michael thinks I am cute. Thank you, Michael. You are going to be useful. I don't need surgery since the internal bleeding is resolving itself but I get some medicine and I get to spend the day in the medical bay. Which I thought would be nice and restful but I actually feel disconnected and nervous. At the end of training I am sent home with everyone else. \"Wow do I look as tired at the end of the day as you guys do right now?\" I joke. They all look fried. \"They actually went easy on us today. We have a session tomorrow that will not involve running around.\" Steve smiles. \"Really?\" \"Yup. Espionage stuff.\" Adrian confirms. \"Perfect\" I smile and telepathically pass on my day with my new friend Michael. ","Summary":" Hey Everyone- So I am obsessed with Steve. Officially. And I refuse to accept that this is over. Mi"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"Something About You","Author":"TheDisheartened","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10149369","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I own nothing of The Lone Ranger except the DVD! I can't believe I'm actually doing this... I noticed that there were not so many fics with Red and Tonto in them, but I don't know if making one myself was the best of ideas... English is not my first language... XXXXXXX Red sat on the couch in front of her painting, petting the cat in her lap. Ever since it had returned during the visit of that Ranger and the Indian, it hadn't escaped again... What had gotten into him?! Maybe the good spirits of the Indian? She chuckled, thinking of the Indian. Tonto... He was such a weird man... He was different than all the others... There was something about him... She was curious about him and she was curious about what he had done to her cat! It was almost as if the cat was completely different now... He never tried to run away anymore, he was very calm and he even asked for affection once in a while now... Maybe the cat was an improvement... It was definitely better than the last man in her life... At least this one didn't cut of her leg and eat it... Red sighed. It had been so long... She actually started to miss a man in her life... A real man... Not a man who just wanted to touch her leg... Not just a man who wanted her 'special treatment'... Not a man who and wasn't satisfied with the young girls who worked for her; the men who didn't want those young girls who did 'all the heavy lifting' downstairs and wanted an older woman... Older woman...She was the older woman now that all the girls who worked for her were much younger... Younger... Prettier... She sighed again. What did life have to offer her? Nothing... ''At least I still have you'' she told the cat. At that moment, the cat jumped from her lap and left her alone. Red blinked a few times. This was just great... Now everybody and everything had literally walked out of her life! While she was trying to figure out what the purpose of being alive was, someone knocked on her door. ''What?!'' she snapped. ''I-I'm sorry... I don't mean to bother you'' she heard Homer say on the other side of the door. Every knew not to disturb Red Harrington when she was in a bad mood. Red got up rather quickly and made her way over to the door, which was quite remarkable in her condition with only one good leg... She pulled the door open and saw Homer standing in front of her. ''What is it, Homer?'' Red asked him annoyed. ''The Indian is back to see you'' Homer said. Red stepped out of her room and saw Tonto standing next to her desk. The cat sat right by his side... That's where he had gone... Now, Red knew for sure there had to be a connection to her cat and the Indian... Tonto had his eyes glued on the animal and shifted uncomfortable. He stretched his leg and slowly moved the cat away from him. ''Afraid of cat...'' Tonto still didn't like cats... Red looked from Tonto to the cat and back. She walked up to him and picked the cat up from the ground. The cat kept his eyes on Tonto. Red wondered what the cat found so interesting about the Indian. She looked and Tonto and studied him. He sure was different than every other man... The bird on his head... The paint on his face... His way of speaking... Her thoughts were interrupted by noises coming from downstairs. She looked down and saw people pointed up towards the Indian. Some of the guest were not happy with the company of an outlaw... ''Come on, Tonto'' ''Homer! Take care of that, will you?'' she waved her hand into the direction of the turmoil downstairs. Tonto followed her as she lead him into her room and she said back down on the couch again with the cat. ''People still do not like Indian...'' he pointed out. ''No, they don't...'' Red petted her cat again. The cat broke free from her grasp and started walking circles around Tonto. ''My cat seems to be very interested in you...'' Red watched the situation in front of her. ''Animal is waiting to speak...'' Tonto said. ''What?'' she asked him lazily. ''My ancestors would speak with the animals... Cat is waiting to speak...'' his eyes followed the cat. ''I don't want to speak to cat...'' he moved away. Red couldn't help but laugh. It was just a cat! A little fluffy ball on 4 tiny chubby legs... Tonto looked at her. Why was she laughing? Red stopped laughing immediately. His eyes pierced hers. It was giving her a weird feeling... ''Eehr- Why are you here, Tonto?'' she hoped he would stop staring at her. ''The Ranger is back to see the kid and his woman... I'm alone...'' he hadn't stopped staring at her yet... ''So, you came to see my girls'' she smirked. ''I came to see you'' he corrected her. ''Oh no Tonto, my girls will have to do for you! I only work for eehr- special clients...'' Red told him. ''No... Came to make trade...'' he interrupted her. ''Make trade?'' Red got up from the couch to get a drink. ''You helped me and Kemosabe...''the Indian clarified. ''I already told The Ranger I don't want anything in return... I just want that man to pay for what he took from me...'' she said bitterly. Tonto was confused... Didn't she know that the man had already paid the highest price? He was dead! ''Windigo is gone...'' he told her. This really got Red's attention. She dropped the glass she had in her hand. Her eyes shot up to meet his. She tried to hold back the tears that were threatening to fall, just because she was thinking about him...The man who wrecked her, the man who ate her leg was finally dead! ''Butch Cavendish is dead?!'' she whispered. ''Yes'' Tonto replied. Red was feeling lightheaded. She had the feeling she was about to faint... She needed to sit down... She tried to back away to the couch again. The cat suddenly shot behind her and made her lose balance. She couldn't keep herself standing up with just one good functioning leg. She was sure she would fall... Tonto caught her. He didn't realise what he had done until he felt her red hair against his chest. It tickled... He felt a weird feeling inside of him... ''You need to rest...'' he picked her up and put her on the couch. ''Thank you...'' Red said faintly. She felt stupid. She couldn't even stand up by herself all because of her leg! ''That stupid leg...'' she cursed. ''Not stupid...'' Tonto looked at the beautiful white material of her leg. ''Don't touch it!'' men were only allowed to touch it when it would be convenient for her... ''Why not?'' he asked and boldly placed his hand on the cold ivory. She looked at him and he stared back at her... There was just something about this man... XXXXXXX If you reach this point, I'm so grateful you kept on reading till the end![Chapter 2] Let's see how this second chapter turns out, shall we?! XXXXXXX Red looked at the Indian and Tonto looked back at her... She studied his face. Who did he think he was?! Touching her leg without her permission! Still... Red hadn't hit him, pushed him away or cursed him for touching her leg, like she normally would when people touched it... It was almost like she couldn't move... His eyes fixed on hers made her feel calm... All her worries were gone and she didn't feel the need to do anything at all! She just sat there and stared back at him... Tonto saw the woman in front him change, she was much calmer now... It always worked, staring at people to calm them down... Staring at them made them forget about their problems, because they would become aware of the fact that someone was staring at them and that would make them think about that! About nothing else really... Tonto had forgotten about the ivory leg completely and was now just looking at her. She was a special woman, everyone could see that... She was so different! Not just only because of her leg... Her whole attitude, her bright red hair and even that little star right on her bosom which Tonto couldn't help but stare at for a couple of seconds... She sure was something! They both leaned in closer, feeling each other's breath on their faces... ''Red!'' the knocking on the door made the couple jump up. ''What is it?!'' Red felt the heat rush to her cheeks. ''The people... They- They saw the Indian come in... –'' before Homer could finish his story, Red had already thrown the door open and walked right passed him... Downstairs, it was a big mess! People screaming, people fighting and throwing bottles at each other! There were bottles and broken glass everywhere! ''Dirty Indian!'' ''Outlaw!'' ''He has rights too!'' ''Heathen!'' ''Leave the man alone!'' ''Disgusting!'' ''Leave him be!'' the people at Red's all seemed to have a different opinion... Red lifted up her leg and shot a bullet, that flew across the place. It shot right through a man's top hat and broke a bottle another man was holding. It went dead quiet and the whole crowd looked up... ''Good! So... What is this place?!'' ''This place is Red's?!'' ''Guess who I am? I'm Red!'' ''My place, my rules!'' the whole crowd looked up at her standing there and they all listened... ''If I decide to let and Indian in here, that's my decision!'' ''I own this place! If you don't like it, you leave... Now!'' ''Get you dirty needs elsewhere!'' she looked down on them. Some of them walked out the door and left, others reluctantly dropped the subject and continued with what they were doing before while others cheered for Red and the Indian. Red put leg back down and turned around, to bump right into Tonto... ''I leave, people angry'' ''Bad spirits...'' he said. ''Nonsense, this is my place and they'll do as I say or they can leave'' ''They're the ones who leave not you...'' Red hated inequality... Just inequality in general, not only because of where your ancestors came from and what you looked like by the colour of your skin... People seemed to have an opinion all time, how those eyes would stare at you... She had experienced that well enough after she'd lost her leg... Those eyes looking at her as she tried to move on, it would never stop and it would never go away... The memory of that horrible night would never go away, it would reflect in all those big staring eyes... They had looked at her like she was a monster! These people... She preferred the drunken men, who would get off the train and got some fun at Red's for as long as they were here, over the real 'sober' people... She also had experienced how easily these people would change their minds, once she got her ivory leg, all the men suddenly thought she was 'beautiful' once again! All wanting to touch the leg! These people, they were like vultures waiting for the next person to pick on! Tonto grabbed her hand. Red fought the urge to pull her hand back, she didn't like it when men touched her without her permission... What was he going to do? He turned her hand towards him with the palm upright and put some bird seed in it. Red looked at her hand. What was she going to do with bird seed? Give it to her cat?! ''Make trade, for helping Tonto'' the Indian explained. ''I told you, I don't need anything in return'' ''He's dead...'' Red still couldn't believe Butch Cavendish was actually dead... ''No, make trade for helping just now... With bad and drunken spirits...'' he averted his gaze towards the people downstairs, who had seemed to be minding their own business again already... ''Ohw- You're welcome then... You've got just as much right to be here as anyone else...'' ''Thank you for the eehr- trade...'' she didn't know what to do with the bird seed now... Tonto grabbed her other hand and got some more bird seed, but Red pulled her hand away this time. ''I think I have enough of that...'' Red hoped he wouldn't feel offended. ''Still need to make other trade!'' ''For helping me and Kemosabe!'' ''To find and kill Windigo!'' he really wanted to give her something in return. Indians made trades, that was just something they simple did... This trade, however, was important! Tonto wanted to trade a thing with everybody who had helped on the quest he had made alongside The Ranger to find Windigo... Rebecca and Danny basically got The Ranger as a trade, John was now a part of their family and they all seemed happy! This woman who stood in front of him, she had helped them more than once to finally get rid of the men who had tormented them both for years... He wanted to give her something, just like Rebecca and Danny had gotten something in their own special way... Red didn't look happy, like Rebecca and Danny did... She had her business and her girls to take care of, but who took care of Red Harrington herself?! She seemed so alone, maybe she was used to it? Tonto just wanted to give her something! ''How many times do I have to tell you that I don't want anything?!'' the news of Butch Cavendish being dead was the best gift she had ever received! ''Indians need to make trade!'' Tonto exclaimed. ''I don't know...'' she tried to think of something that she wanted... What did Red Harrington want? XXXXXXX What does Red Harrington want? What should the trade be?[Chapter 3] I'm actually watching The Lone Ranger while writing this!:D I quite struggled with this one, until I suddenly got this idea! It all suddenly was very clear, it was weird xD The good spirits are favouring me I guess ... :P XXXXXXXX There he was again… Just standing there… She saw him there every single day, watching her doing her job and focussing on nothing else... Tonto had come to Red's every single day of the week so far, he would just watch Red a whole day long and then ask her the same question at the end of every day: What did she want? The Indian was still very persistent on making that trade. Red still hadn't been able to come up with something. She wanted a lot of things, just not something that Tonto could help her with... A lot of silver to finally leave this place... A leg of flesh and blood to dance again... A real man in her life that didn't eat her limbs... How nice would it be... She hadn't felt love in a long time, those 'special clients' couldn't give her what she wanted... Genuine love. She really was going soft, Red thought to herself. What was love going to do about anything?! Maybe it really was her... Maybe the men weren't the problem, maybe it just was her... Getting hat cat hadn't helped anything at all... What was Tonto going to do about finding her a man anyway? Red wasn't not answering Tonto on purpose, she honestly didn't know what she wanted... Tonto's eyes met hers, she saw him looking at her from upstairs. What was it that she wanted? He needed to make this trade! Everyone that helped him needed to be happy! If Tonto was honest with himself, this trade with Red Harrington was more important than the others had been... She had this certain effect on him, just like he apparently had on her cat... It made him always come back to Red's. He had already been there before, but that was just for the girls... Now, he came for her. It was actually a good thing she hadn't answered him yet, he could come back every day just to see her. A beautiful spirit, but surrounded by a pool of black... The Indian wanted to make the black go away, this trade needed to make her happy. A beautiful spirit surrounded by light! Tonto had a feeling he was being watched, not only by Red and looked around. There was that Presbyterian again, whispering 'heathen' over and over again. Tonto growled at him, before walking over to Homer. ''Got question'' he stated. ''What?'' Homer eyed the Indian suspiciously. ''About Red'' Tonto fed the bird on his head again. ''Sorry, Red isn't serving customers today'' ''Better luck next time, Indian'' Homer chuckled. ''No! Question about interest'' ''What Red do for fun, no serving drunken spirits...'' he needed to know more about her to help her... ''What she likes? Dancing'' ''She used to love dancing...'' Homer shrugged. Homer didn't know much about Red Harrington either, nobody did. Except for the fact that her dancing career had been brutally ended by Butch Cavendish... Tonto imagined Red dancing and looked back at her, she was still sitting behind her desk. When she noticed him looking again, she stopped working and made her way downstairs. Before she could reach him, the Presbyterian got to her. ''You can't support Red Skins, Harlot!'' the man shrieked hysterically. ''My name's Red, Red and Red Skins...'' ''What can I say? It fits'' Red said in her thick accent just to annoy the man. ''If you would be so kind to leave right now, Sir'' ''We'll be closing for the night'' she added. Before the man could reply, he got punched in the face by the Red Skin. ''Bird Angry'' ''Do not call Harlot'' Tonto eyed the man on the floor. ''It's a House of Sin, there are Harlots everywhere here...'' ''You should offended by the name 'Red Skin', I don't need you to take care of me for him calling me a Harlot'' Red was used to comments like that of people who disagreed with her profession. ''Who will take care of you? You have no one'' ''I have no one, both have no one...'' he was looking at her again with those piercing eyes. ''I- I still don't what you can give me to finish your Indian business... The trade'' she tried to ignore his stare that pierced through her soul. ''Dance'' Tonto said. ''Dance?'' what was he talking about? ''You like dance, no?'' the Indian fed his bird again. ''I love to dance'' ''Loved to dance... I would do anything to dance one more time...'' Red whispered. ''We dance, make trade'' helping her dance would be his gift to her... ''Tonto, I can't dance...'' she had only one good leg! ''Neither can I...'' he took her by the hand. Red smiled a little at his comment. She let him guide her to the middle of the room, which was now empty. Homer had got rid of all the drunkards and the girls had gone upstairs with their customers for the night or had just gone to bed. They were all alone. It was better that way, Red thought. She probably wouldn't even try to dance again with a lot of people staring at her, it had been so long and she wasn't half as good as she used to be... ''There's no music'' Red suddenly realised. ''No need...'' ''Need to teach Indian to dance'' he smiled. It was awkward at first, she was terrified of losing her balance again and falling. It got easier the longer they danced, Tonto got better at it too! Red couldn't believe he had never learned to dance before, he had quite a talent for it! He had a tight grip on her and they swayed together, Tonto carefully twirled her around once in a while... She was enjoying herself! He could see it, her eyes sparkled. The light in her eyes, the light of her spirit. She laughed, blissfully and carelessly. She had never thought it would still be possible for her to dance ever again! She could only dance with somebody and she must be held at all time while she was dancing, but she was dancing! That was all that mattered! She finally felt happy! ''Thank you!'' Red smiled. Tonto nodded in response and looked at her, it seemed like he couldn't move away from her. Red had the same feeling, whenever he looked at her like that... There was something about him, maybe the old Indian ancestor spirits made her feel this way? She was just so drawn to him... They didn't move away, they got even closer... Lost in this dance of the spirits... They could already feel each other's hot breath against their skin, the heat of each other's bodies and before they knew what was happening, their lips met. A kiss filled with passion, red fire and light. XXXXXXXX I used 'spirit' a lot to make it Indian-ish xD I do have a feeling Red Harrington is a bit OOC though, she's softer... Oh well... R&R; would be nice![Chapter 4] Sorry it took so long! I didn't really know which turn I wanted this story to take... I had some ideas and eventually had to choose one... Hope you won't be all too disappointed with my decision! XXXXXXX Their kiss was passionate. A kiss filled with every emotion, like there was nothing else and the most important thing in the world. Maybe, for them it was the most important thing... It had been years, for both... Kissing, as simple as it sounded... Years... Tonto had been kissed before, but it had all meant nothing really... He'd kissed some girls a few times, but he had been a little kid back then and after everything that had happened with the Indians for the silver... His childhood had been ruined and there was no time for foolish kisses anymore... There was no time anymore to learn the deeper meaning of kisses and love, even though he had heard much about it... Red Harrington surely remembered the last kiss she'd shared with somebody, with Butch Cavendish... The lips that had seemed so heavenly then, seemed the most disgusting things on earth now... He was gone now, dead... His kisses long gone... She had no men touch her lips after that, but Tonto was here now... This was a whole new way of kissing... Kissing, yes... Their kiss was passionate, but not in a way as expected. There were no hands pulling at clothes or hands roaming through hair... It was nothing like that. Their lips were just connecting, over and over again... For the first time in a long time, Red Harrington wasn't scared. She wasn't scared of being taken advantage of, like her leg was the only thing special about her... He was just paying attention to her, or rather her lips and not at all to her leg! There was something about Tonto that made her want to give in, that made her want to admit that she was actually lonely and needed someone! Needed him! She put her hands on his broad shoulders while breaking the kiss and pushed herself up a little to get closer to his ear. '' Stay with me...'' Red whispered. '' Of course I will...'' he whispered back. Tonto's hands travelled down to her hips, slid even lower down her body to- Red's eyes shot open, wide open... She sat straight up in bed, covered in sweat and her heart was racing. It had been just a dream. Had everything been just a dream?! The trade? The dancing? The kiss? Red tried to remember how she got into bed last night... She remembered Homer getting rid of all the people so she could dance, she did dance with Tonto! Dancing again had been fantastic and that kiss afterwards too! The kiss... Their dance had ended with a kiss... The dance... Their trade... The trade... The trade was finished... The trade was finished! He was gone! Tonto was gone! Why did that bother her? Tonto was gone, their kiss hadn't meant anything... It had been part of their trade, hadn't it?! Red thought about it and blinked a few times. It hadn't been part of their trade... The dance was meant for the trade, not the kiss! That had been a completely new thing... Why did she do it? Why did she let him get so close to her?! Or even more important: Why did she want to kiss him again?! Red started to feel panicky... She needed to get herself together, her emotions couldn't get in the way! Emotions... Feelings... Feelings for Tonto? Did Red Harrington have feelings for the Indian? Did it even matter? He was gone... Tonto was gone. Simple as that. Breathe. She couldn't... She couldn't breathe... She couldn't stop the panic... What if he would never return?! He would never return, she was sure of it... He'd left her alone... Another man gone... Another man who had just walked out of her life... She wasn't important, she wasn't special! Not to anybody ever at all! Why did this happen every time?! She always had to let a man get too close to her, he'd leave her and she'd be hurt... Every time... Every time she told herself she'd learnt her lesson, but she still hadn't... She was alone again... Alone. Confused. Desperate. Hurt. Angry. Her anger took over. She'd thought he was different, that there was something about him that made him different than all the others! She had helped him! She had trusted him! The man who had killed Butch Cavendish alongside The Lone Ranger, GONE! Gone, taking her bit of hope with him... Her hope... Her pride... Her dignity... Another man, just wanting to touch her leg! He'd been rather fond of it since the first time he saw it, wanting to touch it and all... She had let him touch it later with those hypnotizing eyes of his, she'd let him... Once again, she had been taken advantage of! Red grabbed the first object she saw and threw it across the room, she hadn't even noticed the tears that were coming from her eyes... She was crying, she didn't really know if it was just out of anger... Red Harrington was broken... Outside, in the dark of night or should we rather say early in the morning, stood a man. The Red Skinned man looked up at the room which was supposedly the room of the owner of Red's, the room of Ms. Red Harrington. He knew it was hers, he had had to run out of the backdoor of her room once to escape... When she had helped him and Kemosabe... Tonto knew it was wrong to stand there and stare at the room where she supposedly slept safe and sound at the moment, but he just couldn't keep away from her! Was this this thing people would always call love? He suddenly heard of thud from inside her room. Sleeping safe and sound at the moment? Maybe not... Tonto fought the urge to go up the stairs and get in, to see if she was awake... Their trade had been made, their business was over. He had fulfilled his duty as an Indian... There was no reason for him stay here. Stay here, with her... His beautiful Red Woman... His... She wasn't his and never would or could be, he was an outlaw... It was best for the both of them to not get involved with each other... Tonto sighed. He should go... XXXXXXX Don't worry! This won't be the end, unless you want it to be... I really wanted to try and see if I could get this softer side to Red. Finally trying to let men in again and then thinking he's left her, she's broken! Makes everything a bit OOC, but everybody has a breaking point...[Chapter 5] In the film, it never really became clear to me if the people who worked at the brothel actually really lived there as well... I just assume they do live there... That means that Red Harrington's room we saw in the film, really was her room and also her bedroom for that matter... Just use a bit of your imagination, there's probably a bed in there somewhere at the back... Or at least in my story that is ;) *spoiler* XXXXXXXXXX The Indian and The Lone Ranger slowly entered the town of Colby once again, after two months of being away... They'd spent two months on 'fighting for justice'! The Ranger had needed to go back. He couldn't be away from Rebecca and Danny for too long, John Reid was a family man now... They got off their horses and walked on. The regular townspeople were all minding their own business, they weren't surprised anymore when The Lone Ranger and his Indian friend came back into town... It was quiet, not much going on... Until Red Harrington and her girls arrived, suddenly the town seemed to come alive! The sounds of whistles and men cheering everywhere... John watched it all happen, but Tonto hid behind the first big enough thing he saw... John looked at Tonto crouching there on the ground, then he looked at Red. ''When are you finally going to talk to her? Really talk to her, when are you going to talk to her and have a normal conversation not about making trades?!'' John took off his hat. ''Don't know what you speak of...'' Tonto peered from behind his hiding place. He looked at her. Her beautiful spirit seemed darker than usual, darker than the last time he saw her... That dark black pool was still surrounding her spirit... The only moment when Tonto had seen that black pool disappear, was when they had danced together... She had been so happy back then! ''You like her'' The Ranger simply stated. Tonto opened his mouth to deny it, but John cut him off. ''I'm a spiritwalker, I know more than you think!'' he told him. Tonto looked up at him with big eyes, he was shocked and confused. ''You talk in your sleep'' John chuckled. Did the Indian really think that he, as a simple lawyer, could invade his mind just like that?! ''No wit, Kemosabe!'' Tonto found it disrespectful to make fun of the powers of a spiritwalker... ''Wait- I speak of Red woman in sleep?!'' he felt embarrassed. ''Yes'' ''Look! She's looking into our direction!'' John nodded his head. Red Harrington was trying to shield herself from the burning sun with her parasol. She ignored all the annoying men, the only reason why she would take the girls out to town was to get some customers... They needed to get by somehow... She looked around and that's when her eyes rested on The Lone Ranger... Her first thought was to look for the Indian, but she knew he wouldn't be there... He couldn't be there. He never was there. He'd left her. She was alone. After two weeks she had accepted the fact that she was alone again, even though it had hurt like Hell... It hurt like Hell every time! In those first two weeks, she'd really thought he would come back somehow... What for? For her?! She had even thought she had seen him outside for a couple of times, but she knew that was stupid... He was gone! Two weeks had turned into two months, Red Harrington wasn't expecting anything anymore... He didn't care about her! Little did she know, that Tonto actually had been there... Outside. Watching her, before the and the Ranger had left... He did care. Once again, there was a man outside in the dark. The same man, staring at the stairs that led to Red Harrington's room. Should he go up, or not? Should he really follow The Ranger's advice? Tonto slowly approached the stairs, slowly and carefully getting up. Every single creak of the old wooden stairs gave him palpitations, nobody could know he was here... An outlaw sneaking into someone's property at night! Was it even such a good idea to go to her in the middle of night?! Tonto didn't really care, he was a night person. The dark didn't scare him, it made him feel calm... Peace and quiet, just his own world... It didn't take long for him to open the back door, he'd cracked the lock with a little stick he'd got from a 'trade'... He peered through the dark of the room, he wondered where she slept... He slowly got into the room and tried to close the door as quietly as possible. He almost jumped out off his skin when he felt something against his legs, it was that devilish cat! What did that thing always want?! The cat soon lost interest and moved away from the Indian... If this man wasn't going to per him, he would go to the person who would...The cat walked over to a large object with what seemed like thick red curtains... Tonto squinted, trying to see what it was... It was a canopy bed! Red's bed! Tonto held his breath as he approached the bed, she looked so peaceful. Her red hair lid up in the dark, it pooled around her beautiful face. It seemed as though sleep had taken all her worries away, her spirit seemed lifted... Tonto quietly sat on the edge of the bed and watched her... She stirred a bit in her sleep and a stray curl of her red hair fell across her face, which made her pale complexion stand out even more. The Indian looked at her face. Her delicate features, her pale complexion and her beautiful lips. Her lips... The lips that he had kissed two months ago... He slowly reached out to get the stray curl of hair out of her face... A sharp knife was suddenly being held against his neck, ready to slice all the life out of him... Red Harrington had woken up, noticing there was an intruder. Someone had broken in... She'd grabbed the knife that she kept under her pillow ever since what happened with Butch Cavendish and was now holding it against the man's neck! Her eyes adjusted to the dark, that's when she noticed who the intruder was... Tonto's eyes were staring back at her! ''What are you doing here?!'' she gasped. ''Nature out of balance?'' The Redskin slowly placed his hand on her wrist and moved the knife away. Red pulled her hand back and put the knife away. ''What are you doing here in the middle of the night?! I could have hurt you!'' Red hissed. ''Came to see you'' he said. Red looked at him in disbelief. Did he really come back?! For her?! Probably not just for her, but he was back! He wasn't gone at all... XXXXXXXXXXX Tonto and all his spirits... XD Story's kind of slow... Long chapters with not much of a storyline.. -_- Just to let you know: there won't be an update for probably a month... I'm so sorry! I'll be on holiday for the next 3 weeks, so I won't be able to update...[Chapter 6] I'm back! Don't really know where I'm going with this story... I love Red & Tonto together, I just don't really know how to get them there without making it one of those extremely cute and fluffy stories... It just wouldn't fit them, they're bad*ss outlaws!xD XXXXXXXXXX He wasn't gone at all! He was right there! He came to see her! He came to see her... Did he really? She didn't believe him... He had left her on her own for months! ''You- You came to see me? In the middle of the night?'' she looked at him suspiciously. Tonto slowly nodded. He felt kind of nervous. What was he supposed to tell her exactly?! What did he expect what was going to happen?! That he could just creep in and watch her while she slept and that she'd just be okay with that?! Of course she wouldn't, she was Red Harington! He liked her that way... ''John said to...'' Tonto stared down at the pattern in her bed sheets... ''The Ranger told you to come, in the middle of the night?! For what?!'' Red still didn't fully want to believe him... ''To talk...'' he shrugged. ''Tonto, this is not the time to talk...'' ''Is the middle of the night!'' what was she supposed to do?! ''I Eehr- I'm sorry...Indian is night person, likes the night... Dark...'' he laughed sheepishly. Tonto looked back up at her and slowly moved his hand again to caress her cheek, but immediately felt that knife pressed against his neck again. Red had grabbed her knife back. ''Don't. Touch. Me.'' she hissed. She felt uncomfortable. She didn't know what to do, she felt so confused! She hated it when men touched her, but at the same time his touches were different... At the other hand, he hadn't made contact with her in months! He had just gone away without telling her and now he shows up to talk?! He just creeps into her bedroom! ''Touched you before'' Tonto argued. ''So that gives you the right, huh?! You think that I'm vulnerable?! That you can use me and leave me?!'' ''Oh Hell, maybe even hack off my other leg if you want!'' she pressed the knife harder against his neck. Tonto could see the hurt in her eyes. She felt betrayed... She thought he had left her, that he had just been trying to use her... He had to go away! He wasn't good for her as an outlaw and besides, he and Kemosabe had to fight for justice! He'd never meant to hurt her! He cared for her! He came back! ''Give me the knife... I ask nicely...'' ''Make trade...'' he tried not to sound afraid of the fact that there was a knife digging into his skin, ready to kill... ''You and your stupid trades!'' Red snapped. ''They're not stupid!'' The Indian snatched the knife away and threw it across the room. Red stared in shock, the man before her was breathing hard. She could see that he was trying to control his anger, she really should stop making comments about his culture... They stared at each other, the fire in Tonto's eyes... His stare, it felt hypnotic again! Red could feel herself change, they both did... Looking into her eyes, made Tonto feel calm again... ''Well, you got my knife... What do I get?'' she slowly turned her head to look at the knife on the floor on the other side of the room... She kept her attention on the Indian from the corner of her eyes. His anger seemed gone, but there was still a certain fire there... He stared at her with that certain fire in his eyes, his eyes were burning into the side of her head. The tension was building up! ''Make that trade...'' Red's voice was barely audible. She turned her head back and immediately Tonto's lips attacked hers. Was this actually the trade that she had been hoping and waiting for?! She eagerly kissed him back as Tonto slowly and carefully pushed her down onto her bed. To be honest, Tonto didn't know what he was doing. He came here to talk to her and look what was happening now! They were kissing again! It was actually going further than that... Was this really the best way to go?! Was Red okay with this?! If she wasn't okay with it, she probably would have done something right now at this point... She was Red Harrington after all! Then again, that same Red Harrington was kissing him back right and didn't seem to mind at all! Red really didn't mind at all, but she could feel the Indian's hesitation in the way that he kissed her... She wrapped her arms around his neck and pulled him even closer to her. She wanted this! She had missed him! He came back for her! Clothes were soon disposed of... The ivory leg wasn't a problem nor the only reason why this was even happening... There would be no payment afterwards, for the first time since Red could remember... No more trades... It was all about her, just for her... It was all about them... Legs didn't matter... Outlaws didn't matter... The only thing that mattered, was this extremely strong connecting between a woman and a man... Tonto looked at the beautiful woman, still sleeping next to him. He was already awake, he always stayed up late and never slept in... Red clearly did or maybe it was his fault that she needed sleep? He had woken her up in the middle of the night, after all... He had woken her and they had spend some more time on, well...Other certain things that used up a human's energy... His mind wandered back to the night before, he definitely hadn't been disappointed! Not that that surprised him. Red Harrington was the owner of a brothel, after all...She knew exactly what she had been doing, but still Tonto hadn't felt like one of her 'special clients'... He hadn't been one of her 'special clients'! It had been real! Tonto quietly got out of the bed, trying not to wake her. He was thirsty and wanted to get something to drink, before Red's would open its doors. Now, it was all still peace and quit. Nobody would see the outlaw in here... Red's crew was staring at the bedroom door of their boss. They were all trying to guess who got Red Harrington's private attention hours before... They had been rather loud! They'd never heard Red like that during business, she liked to keep things professional and made sure that no one would know about her work with her 'special clients'... Little did the crew know, that it hadn't been business at all... Suddenly, the door creaked open. All the eyes were focussed on the door. Who was it?! The answer left them all in shock... Tonto. XXXXXXXXXX I'm in a weird mood... 'LOUD' I don't even know why I did that!xD Just thought it would be funny if the crew would've heard something and then Tonto shows up SURPRISE PEOPLE!XD It's going so slow! I really need to learn how to write faster...[Chapter 7] This is already chapter 7! Can't believe this story is actually getting so far... Thank you all for reading! XXXXXXX Tonto. Tonto quietly closed the door and turned around. He was immediately startled, at least 10 pair of eyes were staring at him! He wondered what they were all doing there... ''Good morning!'' one of the girls smirked. Tonto replied with a curt nod, he felt rather uncomfortable... He just wanted to get some water to drink and now suddenly all the attention was fixed on him! ''Did you pay already or do you still have to?'' Homer got the big book that kept track of the finances of Red's desk. Tonto was taken aback by his question. Not even a 'Good morning', nice way to start your day... Did he pay already? He wasn't going to pay...He hadn't been a 'special client' or had he?! ''I don't think that I-'' he was cut off by one if the girls... ''You were pretty loud! I couldn't sleep!'' ''Had no customer, thought I could finally catch up on some sleep and then you two start! Kept me awake!'' she said. Tonto laughed sheepishly. Had they really been that loud?! On the other hand, they'd really enjoyed it... It would have been a shame not to acknowledge something that good... Tonto awkwardly stared at his own feet. ''Was she good?!'' they all wanted to know. Tonto looked up, staring at them in disbelief. Was he really supposed to answer that?! What did they think?! She owned a brothel! That said something, didn't it! Why did they even want to know?! She was their boss! Their boss stirred in her bed, behind the recently closed door. Red Harrington woke up, hearing the noises outside her room... ''Was she good?!'' was the first thing she heard... Good... Good? Good?! Red was confused. What was good?! She slowly sat up, the covers slipped of her still naked body. Naked... Why was she naked?! Red suddenly gasped, she remembered! How could she even forget?! ''Was she good?!'' Tonto was out there! Red got up and dressed herself as quickly as her body would allow. She stumbled and hobbled around her room, cursing as she knocked things over. She needed to get out there! Clothes... Hair... Make-up... Shiny Ivory leg... Pokerface... She opened the door, it was showtime! Tonto was still standing there, his mouth opening and closing... What was he supposed to say?! He didn't want to answer! It's private! ''What are y'all standing here for?!'' he heard that familiar voice behind him... The crew basically jumped up when they saw her, seeing Red Harrington coming out of her room. Had their boss heard the conversation?! Homer still stood with the big book in his hands. He opened it and tried to give it to Red. ''He won't be paying'' the southern belle tried to sound as casual as possible... All the girls stared at her with shocked expressions on her face, eyes wide open, jaws dropped... Homer just awkwardly closed the book and put it back on Red's desk. Tonto watched it all happen. He felt kind of smug! He felt proud that she just told everyone that he hadn't been one of her 'special clients' and that he didn't have to pay! That surely meant something! ''Move! Get to work!'' ''Do something! Wait for the customers!'' all of them quickly bustled away. Red turned her attention to the Indian standing next to her, she gave him a questioning look. ''I ehr- I wanted to get water...'' he felt embarrassed to have caused the scene... ''Well, go on then!'' Red pointed to the bar downstairs. The Indian nodded and descended the stairs. He went behind the bar, trying to find anything that was non-alcoholic. He quickly walked back up with the glass of water. He felt all the eyes of the workers on him, they were staring! He got back up and looked at Red, but quickly dropped his gaze. He looked down, starting back at all the workers... They were making him highly uncomfortable! Red felt kind of disappointed that Tonto had dropped his gaze. She loved looking into his eyes, they were so dark and full of life! That hypnotic feeling...She could feel he was becoming uncomfortable. She followed his gaze, the workers were all staring up... Red rolled her eyes and moved to the edge of the balcony. She leaned over. ''If you must now... Yes! I'm good! 'Rrreeeaaalllyyy good'- No- 'mindblowingly good' in bed! It's my job!'' ''Now, get to work!'' '''Homer! Open the doors!'' she snapped and turned back around. ''Unless you disagree, of course...'' she whispered to Tonto with a smirk on her face... Tonto was lost for words. She was a wonder, changing in an instant... Sweet... Angry... Fierce... Cute... Good... ''Good...'' he mumbled. Red chuckled and took he seat behind her desk. She watched him closely, slowly drinking his water... ''Tonto...'' she tried to get his attention... ''Hmm?'' he looked up at her. ''Just so you know, eehrm- Last night... It's wasn't... It wasn't work for me...'' Red said. ''I know...'' a small smile tugged on his lips. ''I go now... Before customers get angry again...'' he turned around to leave. Red watched him. She didn't know what to do! Was she supposed to ask him to stay? She never let her clients stay afterwards, but this was different! Suddenly , Tonto turned back around. ''Actually, I... We still need to talk...'' he said. ''About last night?'' Red asked. ''No... Yes... No- Before last night...'' ''I wanted to talk...'' Tonto had wanted to talk to Red before they had actually engaged in other activities... '' and Tonto, for what it's worth... You weren't so bad yourself'' ''You were... Good...'' she winked. Tonto smiled, trying to hide his embarrassment. He knew it was a compliment, but it sure wasn't going to make that conversation later easier... He shook his head before slipping out of Red's, trying to avoid customers... ''There he is, the man of the hour!'' Tonto entered the Ranger's house. John sat at the table and pulled a chair out for Tonto to sit on. It was now John's house, the house of his late brother was now his... He lived there with Rebecca and Danny when he wasn't on the road, fighting justice... ''Hi, Tonto'' Rebecca put a drink down on the table for him. ''Hello...'' Tonto awkwardly sat down. ''Did you talk to her? How did it go?'' John asked. ''I ehr- I... Filled her with child...'' The Indian muttered. ''You had sex?!'' The Ranger yelled out. ''Sssstt!'' Rebecca swiftly ushered Danny outside. ''Come on Danny, we'll go outside for a bit...'' Rebecca went after him. ''Why?!'' they heard Danny say before the door fell shut. ''What?! You had sex?!'' ''Tonto, you know a woman doesn't necessarily get pregnant after just-'' The Ranger tried to explain it to his right hand... ''I know!'' ''We had s-sex... I didn't pay...'' Tonto stared at the table. ''Didn't have to pay...'' he corrected himself. ''Didn't have to pay?! Leaving a brothel without paying... That's says something!'' John whistled. ''Did you talk? Did you tell her what you wanted to say to her?'' John hoped so... ''No... We just...'' Tonto sighed. ''You just had sex...'' John sighed as well. ''Tonto... You aren't really good with the ladies, now are you?'' John looked at his friend. ''You are not one to speak, Kemosabe'' ''You great troubles yourself not long time ago'' Tonto pointed at him. ''Look how it all turned out for me!'' John waved his hand around. Tonto looked around the room. This was John's house now... He had a real house... He had a family! Could an Indian, could an outlaw ever have that? ''Are you two done talking?'' Rebecca and Danny got back inside. ''Yes, come in!'' John said. ''I'm sorry...'' he apologised for using the 'S-word' in front of Danny and pretty loud at that! The Ranger got up and let Danny take his seat. He walked over to Rebecca and kissed her on the cheek. Tonto couldn't help but having a weird feeling as he watched it... ''Tonto, will you be staying for dinner?'' Rebecca invited him. ''Sure... Thank you...'' Tonto smiled. He would talk to Red Harrington after his meal... XXXXXXX Will he finally admit his 'feelings' for the amazing Red Harrington?! Will she finally let her guard down and let him in?![Chapter 8] I actually feel kind of bad for what I'm about to do... Oh well, you can have anything all at once... Right?! XXXXXXXXXX As the sun started set, Tonto reluctantly pulled the door close behind him as he left The Ranger's house. Dinner had been lovely, but now he had to do what he had to do... He didn't even lift his feet up properly, like a little schoolboy and it made dust rise up from the dusty ground of Colby. What was he going to say? What was he supposed to say?! He had never done this before! Red's came in view. It was like there was nothing else... Like he was drawn by the light of that brothel like a little moth and not because he was a man with certain needs, no... He was a man with certain feelings, for a certain woman! He wasn't affected by the people glaring as he walked there. Now that Tonto was seen here more often, the people wouldn't scream at him anymore. They were kind of used to him now, though some of them would still shot him dirty looks. Tonto didn't even notice, he was fully focussed on his destination. The Indian finally reached the entrance and got into the establishment. He greeted some of the girls and even some of the men greeted him! He politely greeted back, although he was very surprised that they'd even acknowledge him... He was surprised, when he got up the stairs and found Homer behind Red's desk... Where was Red? ''Hi, Tonto...'' Homer awkwardly greeted him. Things had been rather awkward after this morning. The whole crew felt embarrassed for the way they'd spoken to the Indian and then their boss coming out of her room... Red telling everybody off... ''Hello'' Tonto nodded. ''Need to speak to Red...'' he looked around. Where was she?! He had told her that he wanted to talk to her... ''Red's busy'' Homer replied. ''Need to speak to Red!'' he would lose the courage he had mustered if he had to wait! ''She's 'busy'!'' Homer emphasized 'busy'. Tonto looked at the man in front of him. Busy... Did he really mean-?! Busy?! His eyes snapped to Red's door, it was closed... Closed. Tonto didn't know what to say or do... He felt frozen, nailed to the ground, lost... Officially is was none of his business, it was her business! Still, he couldn't escape that feeling of betrayal... Red Harrington wasn't his, but still... Right at that moment, the door opened and a smudgy man stumbled out. Was that smudgy guy was one of her 'Special Clients'?! Apparently, there was a lows standard for 'Special' these days...The man slammed some money on the desk and left without saying another word. That was how the business did go down here... Homer awkwardly stared at Tonto. Homer didn't know what else to do then taking the money, writing the amount down in that big book of finances and putting it away. Tonto still hadn't moved or said anything, he just stood there... It was like nothing could get through to him, until Red came out of her room. She looked normal, fully dressed and everything in place... It was almost unbelievable that she had been doing 'business' with one of her 'Special Clients' just a minute ago! ''Tonto...'' Oh, that's right! You wanted to discuss something, hmm?'' Red acted like there was nothing going on... Of course, for her this was all nothing... It was her job! Tonto just couldn't bring himself to say something about it or to say anything to her at all! He turned around and made his way out. Red was left behind there, confused. She turned to Homer, who just shrugged and laughed sheepishly. ''What did he say?!'' she asked. ''He said he needed to speak to you and I said you were 'busy'...'' was the answer. ''Stay here!'' she ordered the man behind the desk. Homer remained seated behind her desk, guarding the book and the money, while Red hobbled down the stairs. Men whistled and cheered as she made her way through Red's, Red Harrington was barely downstairs... The fierce beauty was always locked away upstairs in her room or being the boss behind her desk taking the men their money... Red ignored it and pushed herself through the crowd, making her way towards the exit. She needed to find him! ''Tonto!'' ''Tonto!'' Red really tried to move as fast as she could... She walked out in the dark, following the dark shape that was moving away a couple of feet in front of her. The dark shape that was Tonto abruptly stopped walking, after hearing his name, creating a big cloud of dust. ''Tonto, what's wrong?!'' ''I thought you wanted to talk?!'' she coughed. ''I wanted to talk, yes!'' ''You were busy doing other things...'' the Indian turned around. Tonto blinked a couple of times, thinking about what he had just said... He shook his head. He wasn't allowed to be jealous, she wasn't his! Never would be, she'd never let a man that close... Red saw the man in front of her think. She immediately knew what the problem was... ''Tonto, that was- that was... It just what I do!'' she sighed. ''-'Special client'?'' he asked bitterly. Red just nodded. She actually felt embarrassed now... She had got used to the work that she did over the years, but Tonto clearly didn't like her 'business with 'Special Clients'... ''That's 'Special'?! You call that 'Special'?!'' ''Indian is problem, but that excuse of man is not?!'' how many times did he as an Indian get yelled at and that smudgy man was allowed to do everything he wanted?! ''Tonto, you were never a problem... Not to me!'' she took a step closer. As Red approached him with her step, Tonto took a step back. He didn't know what to think of all this... He hadn't been one of her 'Special Clients' and he had been proud of that, but now with all this... He was mad, mad at someone who he actually couldn't be mad at! He liked her too much! He couldn't be mad, it wasn't exactly really her fault... It was her job! A weird and disturbing job, but just her job! Tonto looked into her eyes. He saw her confusion, her understanding and maybe even some hurt... Mostly, he saw his own reflexion in her big beautiful brown eyes... A broken and confused man... Tonto sighed and shook his head once more while turning around. He needed time, time to think! He left and once again Red Harrington was left behind... Out in the dark... XXXXXXXXXX Poor Tonto! Poor Red! Poor everybody! POOR ME! School starts again tomorrow, so I don't know when I'll have time to update again... I'm sorry![Chapter 9] Not really content with this chapter, but I'm already really late with updating thin... I'm so sorry, please forgive me, school is just trying to kill me... XXXXXXXXXX She stood there. She stood there. In the dark. Alone. What had just happened?! Had she just been left again?! Left again. At least she still had all the rest of her limbs this time... You see, this is why she had sworn to herself to never let a man in again! Well, not mentally anyways... She'd sworn to never let a man close to her even again. However, she had let Tonto get to close and look what happened! It was not good for him or her... Red turned around, slowly starting to walk back. With every extra step she took, another thought crossed her mind. The more she thought about it, the more annoyed she got! She didn't deserve this! Who was he to judge about her situation?! He was 'The Indian' after all... Besides, she had never made a secret of her profession! He had known from the start, about the other men... He wasn't even allowed to behave like this! Tonto was nothing of Red! Not a family member, not her husband... Red shook her head. This was crazy! Still, the thoughts kept on nagging her... Wait- No! Stop! She really didn't deserve this, she deserved to be treated better than this! She was Red Harrington! She whirled around. She didn't care that it was dark, she wasn't scared! She wanted a proper explanation from the Indian for his behaviour, she deserved at least that! If he didn't want to see her anymore because of what she did for a living, fine! If he wanted to end whatever this thing was that they were having, fine! He should just say so, not literally leave her in the dark! Red Harrington wanted an answer, now! Tonto sat on a chair, simply staring at the floor. ''Let me see if I understand this whole thing... You're mad at her for sleeping with other men- mind you, she's the owner of a brothel...'' John said. Tonto didn't say anything. ''Are you mad at her, or not?'' The Ranger asked. ''Yes- No- I don't know!'' The Indian was so confused! Their conversation was disturbed by a knock on the door. John got up to open the door, but Rebecca was already at the door. She had a feeling that John and Tonto were discussing something important, she would answer the door so that they could talk... ''I got it'' she said. John smiled and sat back down, returning his attention to his friend. Rebecca opened the door. Her blue eyes met the brown eyes which belonged to a beautiful southern belle with fire red hair. ''Ohw- Good evening, miss Harrington!'' Rebecca was quite surprised. ''I'm sorry to bother you at this hour, but I want to speak to Tonto'' Red informed her. ''How do you know he's here?'' Now, Rebecca was even more surprised! How did this woman know that Tonto was in her house right at this very moment?! Rebecca wondered... She still hadn't been able to figure out what the relationship was between the Lone Indian and Red Harrington, if you could call it a relationship... ''I just know he is... He always is... Can I speak to him?'' Red asked. ''What's going on here?!'' John suddenly appeared. ''I want to speak to the Indian'' Red was starting to get annoyed. ''He has a name'' John sounded defensive. ''I know! His name is Tonto! He's an Indian! I have nothing against Indians, I just want to speak to him!'' she huffed. ''Don't mind me asking ma'am, but about what? It's late at night, what's so important?!'' John tried to find out Red's thoughts about the situation... ''It's personal...'' Red said. The Ranger raised an eyebrow. He was waiting for a proper answer. ''He abruptly ended our conversation and left me alone, out in the dark!'' Rebecca gasped. Ladies weren't supposed to be out alone in the dark, who knew what could happen?! Tonto hadn't behaved like a gentleman by doing so... Rebecca was shocked, Tonto seemed to be more thoughtful than that... John looked back at Tonto. The Indian looked guilty... He shouldn't have left her there in the dark... Awful things could've happened! At the same time, Tonto felt happy and confused... She had come to talk to him! What did that mean?! He felt helpless. John felt sorry for his friend... ''He doesn't want to see you'' John turned back to Red. It was better for the Indian to give him some time to think... Red looked at The Ranger. She hadn't expected this to be the answer... She blinked. ''Fine... You know what, forget about it- Leave it! Enjoy the rest of your evening, goodnight'' she made her way home again. ''Wait! Let John walk you home, it's dark out there!'' Rebecca cried after her. ''I'm fine! I can take care of myself! I came here alone, I can get back too!'' Red cried over her shoulder. ''Always alone...'' she bitterly whispered to herself. Red watched the crowd from afar. All those people standing in the burning sun, in front of two horses. One of them was as white as snow and listened to the name Silver. They all stood there waiting for The Lone Ranger and his loyal friend The Indian to say their goodbyes as the two men would ride out of Colby soon, off to a new adventure of fighting for justice for the next three months... Red had heard about it and had decided to go and see it, but she wasn't going to take a closer look. She was fine being at a distance, she didn't want to run into Tonto... They hadn't spoke since that night at The Ranger's house, three weeks ago... Someone coughed, right next to her. Red was startled. Tonto was standing next to her all of a sudden! ''Aren't you supposed to be over there?'' she quickly recovered. ''Came to say goodbye...'' Tonto muttered. ''Goodbye? You're leaving for good then?'' Red didn't even look at him. ''No... Just for now...'' he didn't know what else to say... He wanted to say so much more, but at the same time he didn't... Of course, The Ranger had told to him go talk to her. To talk things over... He just didn't know what to say, Red was clearly not amused after their last meeting... Tonto had wanted nothing more than to go after her that night! It had been dark out and with all those drunken men in Colby... His pride had prevented him from doing so... Besides, she was Red Harrington! She was able to take care of herself and defend herself if necessary! ''You're 'goodbye' is not necessary, seeing that you haven't spoken to me in three weeks!'' she said bitterly. ''I- I just wanted to say-'' he tried to tell he how he really felt about her... To make things right, just before he would leave... ''Save it, Tonto'' ''I don't want to hear it'' ''Have fun playing with your horse and catching outlaws...'' Red left him standing there. She hoped he wouldn't follow her, he had to leave soon anyway... She just couldn't deal with him right now! Red had felt so safe and understood around him, but then he gets jealous over something so stupid! He gets jealous over something that he knew about, before anything happened! It was her job, those 'special clients' were a part of it! He had left her standing there without an answer, twice! He'd left her and hadn't even spoke to her anymore! Men would always be like that... Men, they just couldn't be trusted... XXXXXXXX That's ir for now! I'll really try to update as soon as possible...[Chapter 10] So sorry for the delay! I had exams... I know I used this sort of setting for a chapter before, but I just like writing this way... Hope you like it! XXXXXXXXXX All he could see was her. Her. Her red hair. Her beautiful face. Her sexy body. Her ivory peg leg. They kissed. They touched. They made love... Tonto moaned. ''Red. Red. Red.'' saying her name over and over again. Red Harrington was all there was, she was all there ever would be... Nothing more, ever again... '' Tonto...'' whispers in the night... ''Tonto...'' the sound continued. ''TONTO!'' Tonto jolted awake. ''Man, you have to stop doing that!'' John punched his shoulder. Tonto shook his head, trying to erase certain images of a certain naked woman from his mind... He looked around, he was in the middle of the dessert... ''You've got some serious issues!'' John got his attention again. This had been the third time in two weeks time that Tonto had one of his dreams... John would wake up, hearing moans... Moans coming from the man sleeping next to him! It was disturbing! The thing that was even more disturbing was that the moans said a name, Red... The Ranger knew that woman! The Ranger really didn't want to know what The Indian and the Southern Belle had done before! Tonto didn't say anything, it was embarrassing enough as it was... He really tried to stop these dreams from coming, but he just couldn't help it! He missed her! He didn't only miss her for what she could give him, the pleasure... He just missed her in general! Tonto hated how their last conversation had ended... During the day, he couldn't stop thinking about her and during the night she would be in his dreams... He had 'normal' dreams about her too, how they would have a life together... Just the two of them, him and her... But then sometimes he dreamt about her in certain ways, certain ways of her profession so to speak... It was embarrassing and the fact that his dreams would wake John up was even more embarrassing! ''Go back to sleep, Kemosabe...'' Tonto turned on his side on the cold and hard dessert ground. ''Tonto?'' he heard John behind him. ''Sleep.'' Tonto didn't say anything after that... He didn't sleep for the rest of the night, though! He didn't want for any other dreams to invade his mind... It would take another month, before he and The Ranger would return to Colby... One whole month, before he could have a possibility to see her again and to maybe possibly make things right with her this time... One month. It was late at night when The Lone Ranger and Tonto rode back into Colby on horseback, one month later... They rode in silence, in the dark. John was about to turn to go to his house, back to Rebecca and Danny, but Tonto didn't follow... The Indian just rode along, further into Colby. ''Tonto?'' John watched his friend out there alone in the dark... ''You go, Kemosabe...'' Tonto said. ''Hey, Tonto! Don't do anything stupid, okay?!'' The Ranger called after him. Tonto didn't reply. He knew exactly where he was going, even though he didn't know if it was the right choice... Should he really do this? Then again, 3 months of dreaming about her... He had to do this! It was quiet in the establishment. Most of the customers at Red's had already been taken to one of the rooms by their girls for the night, just a few drunken men were still seated at the bar... That was it. All the other customers had already left. It was just before closing time... Homer was upstairs, getting everything ready to close the establishment. He knew he normally should guard the door, but there were barely customers coming in now anyway... Homer sighed. He really wasn't looking forward to kick all the drunken men out, they'd always put up a fight! Suddenly, there was still one customer coming in. Maybe he should have guarded the door... What if it was a burglar?! Tonto was surprised to not find Homer at the door and entered Red's. He walked straight through, up the stairs and looked at the door of Red's room. The door was open! No customer! Homer had watched Tonto come in and was now staring at him with a confused look on his face. Before the man could even ask the Red Skin something, Tonto showed him a little bundle. The sounds of coins colliding came from inside the bundle as The Indian placed the bundle on the desk, it was money... Without saying another word, Tonto walked up to Red's room and slammed the door shut behind him. No matter what, Red Harrington would be his tonight! Red Harrington was combing out her hair, when the door of her room was slammed shut. She whirled around, panic creeping up her spine. She had no weapon to defend herself, only her hairbrush... Where was her knife?! It was Tonto. Red was taken aback. This man was capable of surprising her every single time! After three months he just randomly shows up here, without saying anything... With two big strides, he was in front of her. She was beautiful with her red hair loose like that, cascading down her back and not up in the braids! He planted his lips right on top of hers and kissed her longingly. Red was in shock. She reacted quickly, though! She pushed Tonto away and hit him on the head with her brush. ''What do you think you're doing?!'' she yelled. ''I paid'' Tonto stepped closer again and kissed her again. Red was confused out of her mind! She'd thought he'd appreciated that he hadn't had to pay the last time... She'd thought their relationship or whatever this was didn't work that way... She'd thought this wasn't work for her... Had it become work?! ''You paid?'' she pushed him away again. ''Yes.'' he tried to kiss her once more... Red stopped him. She eyed him suspiciously. He couldn't be serious, could he?! He'd use his money from the rewards he got for fighting crimes on her?! Fine. If he wanted to play this game, she could too! If he wanted to pay to be with her, he would be treated as any regular customer. There would be no kissing or pleasure for Red herself, that wasn't the procedure of an 'appointment'... No kisses. No pleasure for her. Just simply what he had paid for. ''You paid for services in my establishment, so you'll follow my rules!'' ''No kissing.'' She told him sternly. Tonto was taken aback. He'd thought he could just do as he pleased, just like they had done last time... No kissing... What kind of stupid rule was that?! Why wasn't he allowed to kiss her beautiful red lips?! Red approached him. She took the dead bird of his head and pushed him towards her bed. She sighed, trying to get her mind off of what she was about to do... This wasn't how she wanted it... She moaned. She couldn't help it! She knew that she had to make it clear to him that, as long as he paid, he would be treated like any other customers, but that meant that she wasn't allowed to show her own pleasure... Still, she moaned. It was highly unprofessional, she was a bad example for the girls that worked for her... His touches just made it feel like she was on fire, all of her senses stimulated to the highest level! Red collapsed on top of him, completely knackered... She was trying to catch her breath as she heard Tonto panting beneath her. Slowly, he moved his hands to her back. He started to caress her bare back. It sent shivers up and down Red's spine... No! There was no cuddling afterwards of 'regular appointments'! Clients who just paid didn't get that! She quickly rolled off of him and stood next to her bed. She grabbed her dress and started to put it back on. ''What are you doing?'' ''Red, come here...'' Tonto missed the warmth of her body and looked at her. ''No. You have to go, now...'' she was trying to fix her dress properly. ''I paid.'' The Indian pointed out. ''Yes, you paid. You got what you came here for, which means that you go now'' she looked at him. ''I came here for you!'' he sat up. ''Well, you 'got' me! We're done! Clients leave now...'' she pointed to her door. ''I not 'Regular Client'!'' he almost felt offended! ''Why did you pay then, if you're not?!'' Red snapped. ''I paid, so you are mine now.'' Tonto said seriously. ''Is this because you're still jealous of that man?!'' she asked annoyed. ''Man and Indian are the same now. Both had you...'' he explained. Red was starting to feel uncomfortable. All this talking about her job and what she 'did' with who... She wasn't proud of it! ''Is that what you want?! To be like everyone else?!'' ''I don't need you here if you just think of me as a common whore!'' Red abruptly stopped. She had said too much! Tonto stared into her eyes. She had heard the hidden message in her outburst... She wanted to know what he thought of her... She wanted to be more that his 'whore'... She wanted to know what she to him! ''You are not my whore...'' he stood up. He grabbed his pants and put them on a as Red was now fully dressed again too... ''Then why did you come here and give me money to act like one?!'' Red put her hands on her hips. ''I missed you'' he took a step closer to her. ''You were in my dreams...'' he felt embarrassed... ''Why?!'' she wanted to know. She thought she already knew the answer if he had dreams about her, but she just wanted to hear it! ''I miss you'' ''I like you'' he kissed her softly. Tonto broke away from her and stepped towards her door, before opening it. ''Tonto, you don't have to go...'' she sounded hesitant. ''I do. You think about it.'' He said. ''You keep money, buy something nice for you'' Tonto closed the door behind him. Red was left speechless. She slowly walked over to her couch and let herself drop on it... Her thoughts wandered back to all the different events of the night... She was thinking about it! That when she realised it... She was smiling... XXXXXXXXXX Hope this wasn't too weird... Thought I'd make things 'right', given it's Chapter 10. Chapter 10 already! My chapters keep getting longer and longer![Chapter 11] I want to apologize that I've kept you waiting for so long... I promised myself that I would write during the winter break, but I didn't feel like it at all... You've maybe noticed that I changed my name TilenaForever- TheDisheartened... I assume that most of you readers are familiar with Helena Bonham Carter and that most of you are fans just like me... Then you must have heard about the news... I decided that ''TilenaForever'' wasn't suitable anymore, now that Tilena is no longer a thing... I'm not ashamed to admit that I still cry about the whole situation, Tim Burton and Helena Bonham Carter just meant the world to me... I was so sad, that I didn't feel like writing which explains the long wait... The mood I'm in because of this situation explains my new name: TheDisheartened. Anyway! HAPPY NEW YEAR! Make 2015 a good one! XXXXXXXXXX The parasol she was holding casted a shadow upon the ground. It make her look taller than she actually was. She was in fact quite short, but her strong character made up for that. Everybody knew not to mess with Ms. Red Harrington! However, for the last couple of days Red had been rather cheery and positive. She would be humming to herself softly, if somebody saw her downstairs in the establishment. Then again, most of the time she was in her room. It was as if she had locked herself away in there, brooding... As if she was thinking hard on something. She had a lot to think about! All the things Tonto had said to her... Thinking. Thinking. Thinking. That was all she had done for days. She didn't even know what she had to think about. Tonto? Tonto and herself? How she was feeling? Her mind had been occupied. She hadn't even allowed 'special clients' to come in, she had had other things to do... She stood there, right in sight for the men of Colby, with her girls. In the sun, smiling charmingly. They had to get customers somehow... ''Red, you workin' tonight?!'' one of her 'regular' 'special clients' yelled. ''No.'' she answered. ''Why not, Sugar?'' the man asked. ''None of your business'' she replied. ''Feisty...'' he winked before turning around... ''Sure am'' she watched as the man walked off. Red averted her gaze from the man in the distance back to her own shadow on the dusty floor. It was gone. It had been replaced with a bigger shadow. Red turned around, to stare right in the eyes of a horse. ''It is my horse...'' Tonto got off his horse. ''I can see that'' she chuckled. ''Hello.'' he greeted her awkwardly. ''Hi'' she looked at the ground. Red felt like a little girl again... What was happening to her?! She felt shy and coy... She owned a brothel, for God's sake! ''New dress?'' Tonto had noticed. ''Yes...'' Red grinned up at him. She had bought herself a new dress with the money Tonto had given her the last time they'd met, a couple of days ago... He'd said to buy something nice for herself, after all... ''I like colour'' ''It's pretty'' Tonto looked at the dress carefully. The dress was purple, a colour that Red Harrington normally would never wear... She would normally always wear red or black and grey dresses, but this purple colour suited her. The fabric of her new dress had a sort of shiny touch to it and it glistened in the sunlight. Red Harrington truly looked pretty! ''Thank you, Tonto'' Red smiled. There were a couple seconds of a comfortable silence. They enjoyed the warmth of the sun and watched the shadows on the ground, of them together... ''I ehr- I have to go now, to Kemosabe... John...'' Tonto was the one to break the silence. ''Shall I walk with you?!'' Red immediately suggested. Red felt embarrassed. Had that sound desperate? She still didn't really know what to think about the last encounter they had had... The more time she spend with him, the more she could find out... Tonto nodded. He took the reins of the headpiece of his horse and they started walking together into the direction of John Reed's house. ''Girls, I'll be back in a minute...'' the girls of Red's watched their boss leave and smirked knowingly... They walked together, still enjoying the sunlight. It was silent again, but it was a comfortable silence again. They didn't say much... Even though there was a lot to talk about for the two of them, they just simply didn't feel the need to discuss it right now... They were just enjoying each other's company. A slight breeze made dust rise from the ground and swept a paper through the air. The paper hit against Tonto's leg and got stuck there. He picked it up. At first he thought it was one of those 'WANTED'-posters, which meant more crime to fight for him and The Lone Ranger. Tonto looked at the piece of paper in his hand and realised it wasn't a poster. It was an announcement... For a dance! ''Dance...'' The Indian muttered. Red looked up at him, hearing his mumble... She looked at the annunciation in his hand. ''It's the annual Dance here in Colby...'' she explained. Tonto slowly nodded, as if he understood and was thinking about it... ''You want to Dance?'' he asked. ''What?'' Red looked at him. '''You want to go to the Dance?'' The Indian held out the piece of paper for her to see. ''Ohw ehrm- No... I haven't been to the annual Dance in a long time...'' her red hair swayed from side to side as she shook her head. ''But you like to dance... Yes?'' Tonto remembered when they had danced together... Red remembered it too. She nodded her head. She wanted to dance... ''We'll go.'' Tonto said. ''What?!'' Red said again. ''We'll go dance! You have to take me'' ''I never been to Colby Dance!'' he explained. ''Tonto, I don-'' she started. ''No, we are going! I want to bring you to Dance!'' Tonto cut her off. Red tried to hide her smile. She didn't really like to dance in front of people anymore in her condition, but she did like dancing with Tonto! She liked to be around him... She liked him... A great night would be guaranteed! ''You wear that pretty dress, yes?!'' The Indian pointed to her new dress. ''If you want me to...'' Ms. Harrington smiled. ''Yes.'' Tonto smiled back. They had arrived at the house. Tonto had to leave... He tied his horse down and went up the small steps. Just before he got to the door, he turned around. ''I see you in two days... To Dance...'' Tonto smiled again. He went inside. Red stood there. She felt heat rushing to her cheeks, blushing... She slowly turned around and started walking back. Did she have an actual date?! A Date... At least she didn't have to worry about what to wear now... He liked her dress! When she got back to the girls, she ignored their curious questions. They didn't need to know everything! Especially not about her date! She would never hear the end of it... A Date. XXXXXXXXXX Kind of a cliché thing to put into the story, but I just suddenly thought of it... Again, terribly sorry for the long wait! Hope you liked it![Chapter 12] Here: XXXXXXXXXX Her hands moved over the smooth material of her dress. Shiny purple waves of fabric. Red Harrington was looking at herself in the mirror in her room. She was nervous... Was everything looking all right? Was everything in place? Red cast a last glance at her own reflection, before sitting down on her sofa and staring at her feet. He was late... Her date was late. Tonto was late. Was he even still coming? Red was startled as she suddenly felt something by her leg. It was her cat. She had been deep in thought and hadn't realised that the animal had got into her room. She chuckled and started petting the little creature. ''At least I have you...'' the cat nuzzled against her leg. The cat sat down next to her foot, sitting up straight and staring straight ahead. It was as if he knew that there was something going to happen... Red looked at him, confused. A knock on her backdoor made Red jump up a little... Her cat broke free from his own trance and made his way over to the door, scratching at the old wood... Red quickly walked up to the door and opened it, trying to make her cat to stop destroying her beautiful old wooden door... Behind the door was Tonto, he stood there wearing a nice suit, which he had borrowed from John and he awkwardly shuffled on his spot a bit. ''Tonto, why didn't you just use the normal entrance?!'' Red let him in. ''I... I don't know...'' The Indian scratched the back of his head. Red tried not to chuckle. She could see he was nervous as well... Silence filled the room for a couple of seconds and the two individuals looked at each other. Tonto looked smart in his suit. He still had his characteristic Indian paint on his face, but it looked better... Tonto had redone it to look his best for the Dance. Red was wearing that special purple dress... Her hair done in just one single long red braid that hung over her left shoulder. ''You look pretty...'' ''You wear that dress'' Tonto smiled. ''You look quite handsome yourself, Tonto'' Red smiled back at him. ''You ready to go?'' he asked. Red nodded. She's decided that it was best for them to take the backdoor way out to leave, since that was where he had come from...She followed him outside and slowly descended the stairs. His horse stood calmly next to the wooden stairs. The animal looked up when Tonto moved to its head. Red stood there awkwardly, a bit uneasy... What was he doing? The Indian turned back around, with three flowers in his hand. He had had put them behind the ear of his horse, to not lose them on his way over to Red's... It might look timid, but it was a lovely gesture. He shyly handed them to his date. ''Thank you!'' Red smiled. She took her braid in hand and put the flowers in, so that they were now woven in her hair. ''Looks nice'' Tonto chuckled. ''We get on horse...'' he continued. ''Tonto, I can't get on a horse!'' Red was suddenly frightened. How was she supposed to get on that horse in her condition?! ''Of course you can!'' he said. ''Tonto-'' he took her by the hand and dragged her over to the horse. Tonto lifted her up by her waist and put her on on the big animal, both her legs to the right on the animal. Red was annoyed. She hated it when people tried to make her do things that she didn't want to do, because of her leg... Then again if Tonto hadn't made her dance with him, they wouldn't being going to this Dance at all! Tonto carefully joined her on the back of the horse, trying not to hit her or ruining his suit... He gentle kicked his horse with his heels and it slowly started to move. ''Hold on to me, I will be careful...'' he said over his shoulder. Red put her arms around his waist and rested her cheek on his back. She was terrified, but then again she actually quite liked it. To sit on an actual horse, it had been years... And with her arms around Tonto... The couple rode off. The horse walked to the Colby Dance at an easy pace. Nice and slow, through the dusty street... Not before long, little lights came in view... Of course the Dance would be outside, the weather was perfect for it. They were in the desert after all... Everything was decorated with tiny shiny lights and ribbons. Everybody looked smart, in suits and dresses. Red was amazed, she had forgotten what these Dances looked like... Tonto guided his horse to the side and slid of its back, before helping his date to get down. He made sure one last time that the horse couldn't go anywhere and then the couple strode to the Dance... Almost all the people looked at them... The Indian and the Brothel owner, together and at their Dance! Red almost knew everybody there... She saw clients, a lot of them... Some of the single men... Some with their wives... Yes! Colby may seem a little calm village, but it had secrets! They walked whilst Tonto guided them through the crowd, he had spotted John and Rebecca. They greeted each other and exchanged compliments about the outfits. Now that they were standing there with another couple, the crowd became less interested and went on with dancing... Red felt relieved. ''I think you're the couple of the night!'' Rebecca smiled. She was actually pulling for them, she wanted them to be a couple! Rebecca was the romantic type and loved for Tonto to have someone to call his own... ''Dance?'' Tonto turned his attention to his date. Red looked around, she felt insecure... People would be staring... Then, she remembered the first time she'd danced with Tonto. Without that moment she probably wouldn't even be here right now! It had felt so great... ''I'd love to...'' Tonto almost looked relieved when she said it... Red took his hand and they made their way over to the other dancing couple, Rebecca en John following them to dance as well... One thing was for certain, they would be the brightest couple out there. XXXXXXXXXX So sorry it took so long![Chapter 13] I'm having huge struggles with writing this... I honestly am kind of stuck... I don't have that much of ideas... So if you want to read something special of have some ideas, just put them in a review and I'll see if I can cook something up with it for my story... I think this is a very boring chapter... Probably the most boring I've ever written! XXXXXXXXXX Everybody stared. Literally everybody. For hours. It could be taken as rude, nobody liked to be scrutinised... Then again, the people of Colby didn't see a couple dancing for hours everyday... This was something special! All they could possibly do was stare! The Colby Dances had never been such a success really, therefore the people normally would just dance once or twice during the night, before retreating back to their little houses and back to their boring lives... They would just dance to one or two songs... Not for hours on end, like this couple! At least this couple brought some excitement to the little town! Who would have thought?! Red Harrington and Tonto, dancing for hours at the Colby Dance... They had been dancing for hours, when the Dance was getting close to its end... People slowly starting to retreat for the night, one couple after the other... Some stayed just for a little bit longer, trying to maybe catch a glimpse of this new developing rare relationship between these two rather extraordinary people... Red and Tonto didn't really care. They had already predicted that this would happen, if they would accompany each other to the Dance... They didn't mind. They weren't here to entertain the others with their little relationship, there were here for each other! This was all just for them. Now, they were slowly swaying on the spot as their last dance slowly came to an end. The music stopped and it seemed like a certain trance was broken between them... After hours, they finally let go of each other... They finally became aware of their surroundings again... They looked at each other, not saying much... Red looked around, noticing that almost everybody as gone... She laughed. Tonto laughed along, but he was feeling a bit nervous... He had been nervous all night! He knew Red didn't like attention... She did own a brothel, but besides her work, she hated having all eyes on her! And that was exactly what had been happening all night, everybody had been staring for hours! Red hadn't really noticed it, actually... She had been too busy dancing with her date! Still, Tonto felt nervous... ''Red?'' '' M-May I kiss you?'' Tonto really didn't know if she would allow it, here in public... Then again, Red Harrington had never really cared about what others did think of her... Why would she start now?! Tonto still felt the urge to ask, before just cover her lips with his... ''You kind of ruined the moment by asking, Tonto...'' Red chuckled. ''What?'' The Indian looked confused. Red let out a laugh, before she grabbed his face and planted her lips on his. She was happy, Red Harrington was truly happy! Never had she thought she would ever go the Colby Dance again, to actually dance! Never had she thought to ever have a man by her side again, even though still not everything was worked out between her and Tonto...She was carefree and happy in this moment! ''You don't need to ask'' she said, after their kiss had some to its natural end... ''Or to pay...'' Tonto grinned. Red hit him playfully on the arm. Trying to be funny was he now... She looked over his shoulder and saw people staring again. They couldn't believe their eyes! The couple had kissed, right in front of them! In public! ''Come on, let's go...'' Red shook her head with disapproval. She guided them in the other direction, towards John and Rebecca. Their friends were already approaching them. ''We're heading back...'' John announced. ''Yes, we're thinking about leaving too... There's not much going on here anymore...'' Red smiled. Rebecca smiled back, but it was a sort of knowing smile... A satisfied smile... Rebecca had been one of many who had watched Red and Tonto during the events of the evening. Not in a scrutinising way though, she was happy for them! ''You two must have enjoyed yourself! Danced for hours!'' Rebecca grinned. ''So did you two!'' Red replied. ''Not for hours! You dance beautifully, Red!'' the women smiled at each other. ''Yes, she does.'' Tonto looked at red-haired woman next to him. ''I get the horse, yes?'' Tonto took off. ''I still can't dance on my own, though... Probably never will...'' ''I'll always need someone there to hold me now...'' Red looked down at her leg. ''You have Tonto now...'' The Ranger suggested. ''Who knows...'' Red Harrington looked over her shoulder and saw Tonto coming back with his horse. The couples said their goodbyes and both went in opposite directions... Rebecca and John went to their house, while Tonto brought Red home to her brothel... The couple walked away from the Dance space. Once they were back in the streets, Tonto wanted to lift her on the horse again, but Red gently pushed him away... ''Could we just walk? Horseback riding really isn't something I can do anymore, it's just not comfortable...''it was just too much of a struggle with her leg... Tonto nodded and guided his horse to walk next to them at a gentle pace. They walked next to each other in silence for a while, until The Indian broke that silence... ''One day, I'll get you on horseback again.'' ''You can dance, you can sit on horse.'' he stated. ''One day... Just not today'' Red chuckled. ''Come...'' Tonto went the other way. She followed him, although she didn't know where they were going... They had supposed to turn right to turn to her brothel, but Tonto had guided them left instead... ''Tonto?'' ''Where are we going?'' she asked. They were heading to leave town... They walked passed the last houses in Colby, but right after they had officially left the town Tonto stopped... ''Nowhere...'' ''Just sit... Open space...'' ''We can look at stars'' he sat down on the dusty ground. ''Sit?'' Red looked at the floor. ''Yes. Sit.'' Tonto let the horse go. The animal didn't really go anywhere, there was no need to... The horse just walked around a little, just as if he was enjoying the open space himself... ''You're going to have to help me up later...'' Red reluctantly said down. Once she was settled, she followed Tonto's example and looked up at the dark night sky. The most beautiful thing she had ever seen! Stars literally everywhere she looked! They couple stayed there for what seemed like ages, in total awe... ''Tonto, do stars have a special meaning in your culture?'' the woman broke the silence. ''Probably yes...'' the man shrugged. ''Probably?'' ''Tonto, why did you actually bring me here?'' Red was confused. She had thought that maybe he had wanted to show her this because of his culture, that it meant something special to him... ''I just think they are pretty...'' The Indian smiled. Just like her. XXXXXXXXXX Really-Really-Really not that happy with this chapter... Didn't proofread so probably has a lot of mistakes as well... I'm so sorry...[Chapter 14] PROBABLY THE MOST FLUFFY THING I'VE EVER WRITTEN! What can I say... I just love stars! And they make me write weird things... XXXXXXXXXX The great thing about stars is that you can stare at them for hours without getting bored. You don't need to say a word, you don't need to do anything. You can be content with just those little bits of light high up in the dark night sky. They had been staring at the stars for at least two hours. They had laid themselves down on the dusty ground, but apart from that, nothing had happened... It was quite calming, in Red's opinion. Just lying next to Tonto, hearing him breathe, feeling the light breeze on her face... She had never considered herself as a calm person, but now... She had always thought she was meant for a life alone, always moving on, from one thing to another, never settling down... But now, everything felt different... Maybe she was able to settle down after all, after everything?! Red Harrington was certain. She was ready to leave it all behind and to make a fresh start. Forget all the bad memories from her past, only keep the good ones. The memories of her beautiful dances could stay, but she would erase the memory of Butch Cavendish from her mind forever. Forget about that fateful day, forget about what he took from her. No more haunted dreams. No more nightmares. She could understand why Tonto had brought her here. Red looked to her left. Tonto was just staring up at the sky. Tonto was thinking. Normally he would come here to just look at the stars and clear his head, but now he was thinking... He had took a certain lady to this special place, his place. He wouldn't do that for anyone, of course there was a reason! That reason was what made him nervous... Should he tell her? Suddenly, he felt a tap on his shoulder. He looked to the right. ''Are you alright?'' Red had turned on her side and was looking at him. ''Yes.'' Tonto just kept on looking up. Red frowned, and turned back on her back. She adjusted her head in the dusty sand, and looked up at the sky yet again. She started wondering. Why was he suddenly so quiet?! Red watched all the little lights above her. Just like that, a falling star... She blinked. Had she seen that correctly?! The woman tried not to laugh. It was such a cliché! ''Did you see that?!'' she didn't really expect a proper answer... ''I did.'' was his curt reply... ''You know, you have to make a wish...'' she looked to her left again. He was so close. His face was right by hers, and he kissed her. Red was taken aback at first, but it didn't take long for her to kiss him back. She was actually quite disappointed when Tonto pulled away... ''You are my wish'' ''Wish came true, yes?'' Tonto looked into her brown eyes. ''If you say so...'' his eyes were still so hypnotic... ''You don't think so?'' he scooted a little closer to her, now they were literally lying side by side... ''I don't know... That depends on what you want from life, Tonto...'' Red replied thoughtfully. ''Nothing...'' he answered. ''You want nothing from life?'' she asked. ''I never wanted anything from life, but to just live...'' Tonto said. Red blinked. She had never expected him to say that! It sounded beautiful! She didn't know what to say... Red thought about everything she knew about The Indian man next to her, even though it wasn't much... She thought of everything he must have been through... Almost his whole life he had been alone, all by himself, without his tribe... Tonto was thinking about just the same thing. His life. How it had changed... He had been all alone, but now he was surrounded by actually people who cared for him! The lovely woman next to him, Red, The Lone Ranger and his new family, the villagers who were actually starting to like him more and more... He had everything he could ever wish for! Well, almost... He would have it all, if he wasn't this nervous to actually say it... He should tell her. He should make his circle of life complete, to finally restore the balance of nature in his life! To finally have it all! He cleared his throat. Red didn't seem to be disturbed by this. She was still gazing at the stars, still speechless after his last spoken words... ''Red...'' Tonto spoke up. ''Hmm?'' she didn't bother to tear her eyes away from the beautiful view above her... ''I think I- I think... I think I love you...'' Tonto spoke. He had said it! He had done it! Red did look at him this time, her eyes snapped to his immediately. She opened her mouth a couple of times, but closed it again every time... Red had always thought a feeling of panic would wash over her at the sound of the words of love... Love hadn't brought her happiness after all, after what happened the last time... She had expected panic, but it wasn't there... She did feel absolutely fine, great even! ''You think you love me?'' she asked. ''I ruin moment again?'' Tonto felt quite embarrassed. She shook her head. Red chuckled and sat up. She stared out into the open desert that lay in front of her and grinned madly. Red Harrington hadn't felt this great in a long time! ''Tonto? How about you spend the night with me tonight?'' ''Nothing special... Just, well you know... Sleep...'' she suggested. Tonto didn't understand. What did this mean?! Had he said something wrong?! He looked at her, but he didn't see anything different... He came to the conclusion that accepting the offer was his best option. Tonto just nodded. He stood up, brushed the dust of his suit. ''Tonto, a little help?'' ''Told you I wouldn't be able to get up...'' Red chuckled. Tonto quickly helped her to her feet, holding her a little bit longer in his arms than that was necessary. He put her back down, and called his horse. They started their way back. On their way back, they talked about all sorts of things. Now that the trance of the stars was broken, their minds were open for real conversations again. Mostly, they talked about the Dance. How they had enjoyed it, and what they had thought about the other people in Colby... When they arrived at Red's, they got up the stairs at the back, just how they left the establishment hours ago... Once again, Tonto's horse stayed put. It was a calm animal, Tonto barely had any troubles with the animal... Once inside, Red didn't even bother to take everything off. She didn't want to wash her face or comb her hair... She just dropped herself on her soft bed, waiting for Tonto to join her. Tonto did take his suit off though, grateful to have his feeling of freedom back... He hated wearing suits. He got in the bed and lay next to her. He watched her. The flowers he had given her were still in her hair, and she still looked as beautiful as at the beginning of the night, although maybe a bit tired... Tonto reached out and found Red's knife. He put it on the ground, under the bed. He didn't want that knife in the bed, while he was supposed to sleep there... ''I am here, to keep you safe.'' he put his arm around her. Red smiled. She did feel safe! She could already feel herself drifting off to sleep... ''Tonto?'' she sounded sleepy. ''Yes?'' he looked at her, she had her eyes closed already... ''I think I love you too'' she said quietly. Tonto grinned. He tried not to laugh. Weird woman, using his own words... She loved him too! They loved each other! He held her a bit tighter to him, finally letting all of his worries and thoughts go. He had everything now. He let himself drift off to sleep peacefully... All was well in Colby, as now the whole town was asleep... XXXXXXXX Where was this story gone to?! *runs in a little circle* Well...?[Chapter 15] I guess you could consider this as an epilogue chapter I want to thank you all so much for reading! I know you probably want me to continue this, but my ideas are basically all gone and I don't have much time, so that's why I stop it here... On top of that my exams start this Thursday, which means no time to write so it seemed like a sign... So that this story can end at a point where I'm still a bit satisfied with it, and don't ruin it with boring extra chapters... So Yay! Once again, THANK YOU ALL SO MUCH! IT MEANT THE WORLD! Xx.– The Disheartened. XXXXXXXXXX ''Just move!'' he said. ''No!'' the woman protested. ''He will do all the hard work, you just hold on... You won't fall!'' he looked up at the beautiful redhead on his horse. ''You try it!'' Red Harrington said indignantly. ''I can'' Tonto simply answered. ''You try it with one leg!'' she shouted. The couple stared at each other for a while, before The Indian turned around. He took off. ''Tonto?! Tonto, where are you going?!'' the panic was prominent in her voice. ''Going to shoot off my leg!'' he shouted. ''Get back! It's not funny!'' ''This is not funny! Don't make fun of me!'' ''I want to go home. Get me off this thing, right now!'' Red demanded. Tonto casually walked back to his lady on his horse. Tonto knew he had offended her. Talking about her leg would always be a situation where he had to take a risk. Most of the time, she would get mad. Like now... ''Get me off!'' he stood next to the horse again now... ''Then you have to ride to town to let somebody else get you, because I won't get you off horse.'' the man grinned smugly. Red looked him. She knew there was no other way than to make this animal move... Tonto wouldn't until she rode at least an inch, and the other option was to ride all the way back to the centre of Colby and let someone help her there... ''If I do it, will you get me off?'' the redhead sighed. ''Yes. I said I would make you sit on horseback again, so this is how it works...'' he explained. He smiled. He knew her well. They had been officially together for like two month now, and throughout these weeks they had learnt a lot about each other... It had felt weird for them both at first, learning so much about the other... But they wouldn't want to change a thing. Well, some things had changed already... For example, Red had stopped 'working' for her 'special clients', she was now just the boss of the establishment Red's... Plus, the people in Colby respected them now as a couple! They were no longer just a 'thing'... Tonto gently took her hand, that was clinging to the poor animal's mane, and placed it by the animal his head in a more gentle manner. Now, she had a steady hold and the animal wouldn't suffer as much from her anxiety... Red took a deep breath. She was scared. She loved horses, but she had never expected to ever ride again... Then again, she hadn't expected to ever dance again and that happened too... Tonto would fix all of her problems... He was a good man. She sat up straight and adjusted her grip on the animal's mane. She gently nudged the horse with her good leg, hoping it would work on only one side... She made an encouraging sound to the animal, just to make sure it would move. It would be so embarrassing if the horse wouldn't budge now, she had been protesting and complaining for almost an hour! However, the horse did move. It calmly took a step and started off in a slow pace. Red tried to keep it together. All she wanted was to just squeeze her eyes shut tightly, praying to any higher power that she wouldn't fall off, but she couldn't... She wouldn't close her eyes now under any circumstances whatsoever! Tonto could see she felt highly uncomfortable. He felt a bit bad for her, but this was the only way to let her lose the fear! Sitting on horseback was one of the greatest things in the world, and it would be a shame for her to never experience it again! Tonto followed the horse at a little distance, just in case if anything was to happen... He kept quiet, anxious that he would scare Red if he'd say something right now... The last thing he needed was for her to get scared now, that would ruin everything! She was actually doing so well! Red was slowly starting to relax. She was starting to get this feeling that really nothing was going to happen! The horse would just walk, and she would just stay on it! No accidents, no tumbling to the ground... After a while she even found the courage to look behind her and smile at Tonto. It was a smile of victory, she had conquered her fears! She gently guided the horse back around, making it walk towards the man. ''Wasn't so bad?'' Tonto smiled. ''No'' she reached out. He took her arms and gently lifted her from the horse. Once she stood on the ground again, she placed one kiss on the horse's head and another on Tonto's cheek, thanking them both... Tonto pulled her closer and kissed her on the lips instead. It was a sweet kiss. Once it came to its natural end, Red stayed in his embrace and looked up at him... ''What?'' she asked. ''Nothing...'' he mumbled. ''I'm proud of you'' Tonto said. ''I'm proud of myself too!'' the redhead chuckled. ''Let's go, we're done here...'' The Indian took her hand and guided the horse along... ''Finally!'' Red laughed. The couple started to walk back in peace, to their familiar little town Colby. Dust flew up as they made a path through the desert. The heat and drought burning their skin... They didn't care. They were used to it. They just talked. ''What do you want for dinner tonight?'' she asked him. ''I don't know... What are girls having, we eat with them?'' he asked. ''No. They have to work tonight, Tonto... Homer's probably made them something already...'' she answered. Tonto sighed. Thinking about the dilemma. This was actually such a common situation, they were quite the normal couple! ''Maybe I cook tonight, for you.'' Tonto suggested. ''What will you cook?'' Red looked at him. ''I don't know yet, something special...'' he grinned. ''It better be eatable!'' Red warned her man. Tonto laughed and just continued to guide her home. Would they ever take that train out of Colby, finally leaving it all behind?! Probably not... They belonged here, in this old dusty town... They had found each other here. They would stay here. Together. Forever. XXXXXXXXX THAT WAS IT! THANK YOU THANK YOU SO MUCH! XXX ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I own nothing of The Lone Ranger except the DVD! I can't believe I'm actually doing thi"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"You're heart is free","Author":"Alorang","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4610538","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Hello there everyone! I've wanted to write a story like this for a while, especially now that I'm back in bonny Scotland! As the story continues, you will realize that things won't always be historical correct. I didn't want to write a repeat of history, i wanted to use it and turn it into something new! I really do hope you enjoy it. Please read and review, I haven't got any reviews at all in all of my stories, and it's really discouring, good or bad! I'm giving writing on here one more shot, and if I don't get any feedback, then I'm done / Let me know what you think! Sorry the first chapter is so short! Lauren x My father and brother never returned from their meeting with the English. My heart-broken sister-in-law took my nephew and left the village, heading back home to the southern clans that had better relations with the English border. The men of the our village held a council, deciding if war with the English would be for better or worse. My father was once their leader, and my brother his right-hand man, losing them was only a brief view of what was to come. For the English army was already marching it's way into the highlands, preparing for the next attack. \"Sileas!\" I could hear my name being called, through the clashing of swords and the screams of woman and children, I could hear my name being called. I tried to see through the mist of blood and sweat, dodging the bodies falling round me as my people fell prey to the English. There, Alistair was there, kicking an English off the edge of his blade and onto the ground. I ran towards him, looking straight at him, running through the pools of blood as if they were the rain puddles I was so accustomed too. Alistair tucked me into the crook of his arm, crouching down behind one of the remaining shelters as he passed a letter to me. \"Take this to the Drummond clan, they need warned of this attack, for they will be next! Go Sileas, do not fail me, or your people!\" I grasped at the letter, unwilling to let it escape my clutches. My hands were sweaty and my heart was pounding, I knew I was the only one that could do this task. Alistair's black war horse was standing between the trees at the forests edge. Saddled and packed with a few basic supplies, including a blanket and some water. There was no time to gather food, I would have to ride without it. The beast remained still as I attempted to climb onto it's back, failing miserably as it was 3 times my height. I placed my foot on the stir up one last time, and the horse fell to it's knees, dropping low enough for me to throw my leg over and balance on the saddle. I leaned into it's neck, whispering a small prayer beneath my breath as it started riding, already knowing it's destination.[Chapter 2] Creighton and Argyle Drummond were names often whispered within my clan. Their father, Artagan Drummond was famous for marrying a English maid that his men once captured. His act had been marked as treason, and only a few clans remained in alliance with him, my own clan being one of those few. Artagan had died in battle however, shortly after his wife died trying to give birth to their third child. The boys were left alone and were forced to lead a village with little help. My father had sent one of his maids over to their village to keep house for them, it was a favor not forgotten. When I reached the village. Creighton recognized me instantly. He dropped his armful of swords and ran to my horse. Gathering it's reins from my hands and guiding it to the nearest stable. He barely had it tied to a before he was yanking me off the saddle and pulling me into his home. Sending two guards out before slamming the door and locking it. Leaving the two of us alone. He watched me silently, as if he already knew the message that had come with me. Maybe my solemn face and tired eyes gave it away. Maybe the fact that I had arrived on the horse of well known warrior within our region, or maybe it was the fact that my letter I was clutching had been stained with blood, to whom it belonged, I did not know. I couldn't speak. All I could do was place the letter on the table and drop my head. I had been unwilling to part with it, for I realized that letter was the last connection to my homeland that I would ever have. That letter and I were the only living proof of the terror the English had caused to my people….. Creighton took it, ripping it open and scanning in briefly. His face growing grim the more he read. Only a few times did he look up at me before continuing, and I wondered if the letter mentioned me. After he had finished reading, he tossed the letter and envelope into the fire, where I watched its corners bend as the fire took over it, melting away Alistairs wax seal. \"You're horse is being fed at the moment, and my brother is packing you food and drink for the journey ahead. You will travel with our clan to Aberdeen, it is one of the few places that we are welcome, and they will have lodging and supplies for our whole village.\" I said nothing, simply nodding my head and folding my hands on my lap, trying to stop them from shaking violently. My trick did not work, if anything, I shook harder. Creighton noticed my knuckles going white as I bit back tears. \"Your father and I knew the time would come when these attacks would reach our people. We just did not know it would be so soon. I am so very sorry for your losses little one, but there is no time for grieving….\" He sighed, shaking his head before continuing. \" I leave you in the care of my brother Argyle, while I inform the village of our move. We must leave within the next half hour if we are to make it to Aberdeen without running into English troops. Stay here and rest. A maid will bring food and drink for you.\" \"My thanks, good Sir.\" He nodded once before unlocking the door, sending the two guards back in to watch me while I waited for his maid to join me. When she did enter, I realized it was the very woman that my father had sent to aid them in their time of trouble. She looked as shaken as I did, and I remembered that she had family in our clan. She placed a tray of meat and potatoes in front of me, along with a goblet of water. I didn't touch either, only stared at the reflection of the flames flickering across the surface of the water. Rising from my place at the table, I went to sit in front of the fire. Wrapping the blanket I had over my shoulder closer to my body, trying to block out the sudden chill that had come over me. I could hear the shouts of men and the cries of woman as the village ran around, gathering the essentials for their trip, knowing they might never see their homes again. Creightons loud voice could be heard barking orders. Why did our village receive warning? Why couldn't be saved? I fell onto my side, the warmth of my tears filling my face. Through my blurred vision I could see the orange blur that was the fire, while the popping sounds matched the strange rhythm of my heavy sobs. The last thing I heard was a log shifting before I drifted into darkness, exhaustion and trauma finally kicking in.[Chapter 3] Thentwo-day journey to Aberdeen was quick. We did not stop for rest, andnwhen we ate, it was while walking. I rode with Argyle, whilenCreighton had my horse packed with bundles of supplies for me. Argylenwas quiet most of the time, only responding with a nod or a smallnyes, or no, when I asked him a question. Eventually I stopped tryingnand leaned back against him for the rest of the journey. Watching thenvillagers as they treaded through the hills. Everyone had bundled upnas warmly as they could in the brief time they were given to prepare.nArgyle had wrapped his large cloak around me, leaving himself withnonly a deer-skin vest against the cold. On the evening that wenreached Aberdeen, the snow had just started to fall. \"Donthey know we are coming?\" I asked, my voice small as the villagersnstarted to chat amongst themselves, happy we had reached safety.nSomehow, Argyle managed to hear me. \"Yes.nCreighton sent a rider with word ahead of us.\" \"Howndo you know the English did not capture him?\" \"Becausenwe could have been attacked during the way, and Aberdeen would lie innruins.\" Infell silent then, watching as the massive gates opened and thenvillagers scrambled inside. Creighton leapt of his horse and embracedna man standing in front of the villagers. The two had a moment ofnsilence together, before they both started barking orders at eithernvillage. Argyle nodded his head at Creighton once, before turningndown a dark alley with me. Guiding me towards a large horse guardednby a line of soldiers. \"ArgylenDrummond.\" Thenguards said nothing, simply stepping out of the way and letting usnin. Getting back into position as quickly as possible. \"Wherenare we?\" \"Bhatair'snhouse. He founded Aberdeen.\" \"Bhatair's?nWhat is his clan title?\" \"Hendoesn't have one. Bhatair's family was killed, we think, while henwas very young. He has learned to survive through his own ways. Henwas given the title Bhatair during a battle with another clan.\" Inthought for a moment, then realize why he had received such a name. \"Rulernof an army?\" \"Yes.\" \"Inwonder what his birth-name was…\" Argylensaid nothing, only slipping off from behind me and tying the horsenthe nearest pole. He pulled me off and set me down at his side,nwalking into the house like it was his own. Ordering a maid tonprepare a meal and bring two mugs of warm ale. It gave me time tonlook around. The walls were decorated with animal skins and paintingsnof distant lands. Above the fireplace was a large portrait of annincredibly beautiful woman. Who's flowing red hair traveled pastnher shoulders, spiraling in curls down her body to stop at her waist.nHer skin was pale, and her plump red lips matched her red gown. Shenwas adorned with jewels and decorations, signs of a high-rank innsociety. \"Whonis she?\" \"Bhatair'snwife. She disowned her family to be with him, she took care of thenill when Aberdeen was first being built.\" \"WillnI get to meet her?\" \"She'sndead.\" Inturned to look at up at Argyle, who was staring at the portrait, anmug of ale in his hand. He took a long drink before continuing,nguessing my question before I even stated it. \"Hernfamily was English, and did not take kindly to her marrying anScots-man. She received a letter one day from her sister, begging hernto come home, that their father was on his death bed. Bhatair warnednher it was a trap, she insisted on going…\" Hentook another drink. \"Theynsent her head back to Bhatair in a glass jar.\" Myneyes went wide with horror as I covered my mouth, trying to stopnmyself from releasing the rising sickness in my stomach. As Bhatairnentered the house, I realized he had more reason to fight in this warnthan anyone else. \"Thatnis not a story to tell a child of her age, Argyle.\" \"Shenneeds to know, she's seen worse, and will continue to as this warncontinues. Might as well get her used to it.\" \"Yountalk as if she is not there.\" Argylenmerely shrugged, throwing himself down on a nearby chair, drainingnthe last of his mug before nodding at a maid to bring him a new one.nBhatair wandered over to me, slipping his hand over his glove andntaking mine. Bending down to place a small kiss on the top. I feltnthe heat flush to my cheeks. \"Younmust be Sileas Stewart. I knew your brother well, we used to fightnall the time. I always won.\" He winked, smiling at me as henreleased my hand. Insmiled back at him, saying nothing as he signaled for one of hisnmaids. She approached, looking down at me for a minute beforenawaiting orders. \"Takenthe child upstairs and give her a hot, good, wash. Get the tanglesnout of her hair and the mud from beneath her fingers. A trunk full ofnrobes has arrived, find one subtle for her then bring her back downnto me. That will be all.\" Shenbowed at her waist, taking my hand and guiding me up the stairs. Thenlast thing I heard was Creightons voice as he entered the house,nslamming the door behind him.[Chapter 4] \"I'vennever seen a child so filthy in my life!\" Thenmaid said sharply as she pulled the wooden comb through my hair,nyanking at the knots while pouring a series of salves and lotionsnonto my head. Scrubbing in between pulls. \"Atnleast we've got the knits out of your head. That'll stop thenitching. Honestly, they had bloody camps set up in there!\" Thenbath water was starting to get cold she had been working at me sonlong, but it was nice. We had to change it three times I was sondirty! I had never felt so clean in my life, or looked it. My skinnwas softer, and it shimmered wonderfully. I smelt like fresh berriesnand mint, it was a pleasant aroma. \"There,nthat should do it. You're lovely when you straighten yourself up anbit!\" Shenoffered me a hand, and I stepped out of the bath into a warm towel,nwhere she then rubbed me dry. The fire was popping and cracklingnmerrily, lighting the room with a inviting glow. Snow was fallingnheavily outside, and it was nice to be sheltered from the weather. Twonother maids went to dump the water, while another laid out a burntnorange robe and matching slippers. When I was sufficiently dry, andnmy hair had been pulled into a neat bun, I was dressed and escortedndownstairs back to the men. There faces changed dramatically when Inentered the room. Bhatairnwas the first to speak, eyeing me up and down before turning to thenmaid. \"You'rena bloody miracle worker Elaine, she's lovely! The colour of thenrobe suits her wonderfully. Nicely chosen.\" Elainensimply bowed, giving me a small push forward before leaving the room.nShutting the door behind her. Bhatair offered me his arm, and I tooknit, letting him guide me to the table for a meal. A roast chicken wasncenter on the table, with a variety of side dishes to match. Argylenmade a plate for me, setting it in front of me before returning tonhis own meal. I could feel their eyes on me, watching me closely as Inbegan to eat. Savoring the food in my mouth for as long as I couldnbefore swallowing. Taking small sips of wine in-between. \"Younclean up well, Sileas\" Creighton's voice traveled to me, and Inbowed my head in thanks. \"Aye,nshe'll make a man very happy when it's time for her to wed.\"nBhatair smiled, slouching back in his chair, drinking heavily fromnhis goblet. \"Anfew years away yet. We must decide what we are going to do with hernnow.\" Muttered Argyle. \"She'snwelcome to stay here as long as she likes, my home is always open tonanother. We have a fine tutor that can teach her everything she needsnto pass a lady.\" \"Nay,nshe's the last remaining of her clan, our main focus right now isnto keep her out of harms way. Keep her moving. Argyle travels often,nto far places, it would be best if she went with him.\" Argylenchoked, spitting wine across the table. Creighton and Bhatair justnsmirked as I continued eating my meal, trying to pretend the wholenconversation was not about who would be stuck with me. \"Incannot take her! She's a child! I travel with men, to battle,nCreighton, I will not lose my life because I have to keep an eye onnwhere she's running about! Maids to not take part in war, it'sntoo dangerous.\" \"Thinknof it though, brother. If she goes with you, if she's trained, shencan be just another soldier on the field. It'll help her acquirenthe skills she needs to lead.\" \"It'snnonsense! She's not coming with me! Besides, even if I did trainnher to be a soldier, who will marry a woman or war? No man wants anwoman whose as good with the blade as he is. Woman are for cookingnand pleasure, Creighton, nothing more.\" BeforenI knew it, I had pushed my chair back and I was standing, my handsnclenched into fists so tight my knuckles were starting to go white.nAll three men were looking at me, waiting for what I would do next. \" Indo not want to be a bother to anyone, but my father and brotherntaught me the basics of sword use, just in case. I would be honorednto train under Argyle, but only if he will take me, I will not benforced onto anyone!\" \"Sileas,ngo outside and take in some air. We will send for you when thendecision is made.\" Creighton's soft voice drifted to me. \"Yes,nSileas go and get some air.\" Bhatair nodded in agreement. Argylensaid nothing, simply raising his goblet to his lips once more. I tooknone more glance around the room before turning and heading into thencold night.[Chapter 5] 12nYears Later - Sileas is 20 at this time. Thensailors ran down from the ship, many of their wives and childrennwaiting for them. It was a gorgeous day, rare in Scotland, and thensoft, gentle breeze and suns warmth felt nice after the past weeks ofnharsh sailing. Argylengave some orders to the last remaining men on board. Men that had nonfamilies or homes to return too. Men that considered the ship theirnhome and Argyle and I their family. After they had finished the lastnof their duties, they would head to the pub, find a whore, and spendnthe next few days reliving the pleasures they had missed while atnsea. Argylenand I, however, would travel further South, to Stonehaven, wherenCreighton had settled down after a injury in battle against thenEnglish. It had not been all bad though, he'd fallen for a localnwoman, settled down, and finally had a son. His wife had fallennpregnant again, and they were now celebrating the birth of theirnlittle girl. There was to be a feast in the village, and we had beenninvited. BothnArgyle and I never went anywhere without our horses. They had beenntwo of the first things to be taken off the ship. They had been fed,nsaddled, and had their shoes cleaned. It was only half a days ride tonStonehaven, but the sun was already setting in the distance, if wenwere to get there safely, our travels would have to startnimmediately. Argylensummoned a small stable boy, who disappeared then came back only anfew moments later with their horses. I tossed him a gold coin,nwatching the young boy's face light up. He bowed, thanked me, thennran home to tell his family their good fortune. \"Younjust made his day, Sileas. And his family's I would presume.\" Shenplaced her foot in a stirrup, throwing her leg over and settlingnherself on the saddle, giving her black war-horse, Achilles, a pat onnhis side. \"'twasnnothing, just a simple favor of thanks.\" Argylenchucked, climbing onto his own steed before nodding at me. Tappingnhis horses side and moving forward. Heading to the small trailnoutside of the harbor that would take us to Stonehaven. \"Donyou know Creighton's daughters name?\" I asked, while reachingnfor two apples in her bag. Reaching forward to give one to Achillesnand then biting into the other for myself. The sweet taste filling mynmouth, I didn't realize how hungry I was until I had startedneating. \"Notna clue, no one does. It's tradition for the family to announce thenchild's name in front of everyone at the feast.\" \"Whatndid they name his son?\" Argyle'sneyes went distant, narrowed, frown lines appearing on his forehead.nHe had made this face often when I had first become his apprentice,nwhen he was troubled with me being around, annoyed, even. \"Artagan.\" Thenname rang out, breaking the silence between us. I recognized the nameninstantly, for it was the name of Creighton and Argyles father. Itnwas clear that after all these years, it was only Creighton that hadnmoved on since his death. Wenrode in silence once more, my own thoughts filling my head. A son andna daughter, much like my father had. Would there come a day when theyntwo of them would ride to a meeting and never return again? Inbite my bottom lip, lost in thought, when Argyle reached out andnpoked my cheek, a look of concern on his face. Over our 12 yearsntogether, he had learned to read me like a book, it was not alwaysnsomething I wanted. \"Stopnit. You'll draw blood if you bite down any further.\" Innodded, running my tongue over my dry lips before gazing back over atnhim. \"Younthink of your family?\" \"Aye.\" \"Sometimesntime doesn't heal a wound, sometimes we're stuck with its marknforever.\" Ingazed at him, and he offered me a smile, leaning over and poking myncheek once more before laughing and riding faster, ahead of me. \"Oi!nYe bastard!\" Intossed my apple roughly, smacking him on the back of the head, makingnAchilles break into a run until I had caught up with him. He wasnstill picking the bits of apple out of his long, black hair. \"Nicenshot.\" He grinned. \"Inwas taught well. \" I stuck out my tongue at him before giving out ansmall laugh of my own. Reaching forward and brushing away annapple-seed that had landed on his face. Ourneyes caught, and I pulled back, blushing. \"W-Well.\"nI coughed \" Shall we keep riding?\" \"Aye\"nMuttered Argyle softly, and I saw the look of disappointment in hisneyes once more.[Chapter 6] Sarahnhad already gone to bed with the children by the time Argyle and Inhad reached the house, but she had a fine meal set out for us, andnCreighton kept us company while Argyle and I ate until we were full.nIt was nice to catch up after so many years, it seemed like it wasnnot too long ago that I was sitting at a table with these two men,nlistening to what would become of my life. Creightonnhad aged well, a few scars, and a few more grey hairs, but he stillnhad a youthful charm about him, and his energy filled the room. Henspoke mostly of Sarah, who after these many years, still seemed tonenchant him. They said that the local doctor had told Sarah afternArtagan, they could bear no more children, since his birth was andifficult one, and had Sarah in her bed for weeks. Creighton didn'tnmind, as he had his heir, but you could tell by the way he spoke ofnhis daughter that he was happy she had come into his world. Whennthe fire-light began to dim, and a chill crept across the room. Wensnuffed the candles and went to our beds, settling down for thennight. The feast would begin at noon the next day, but the familynwould need to rise early to prepare. I would help Sarah in thenkitchen, though, how much use I would be, I didn't know. As much asnArgyle tried to teach me over the years, cooking was never my strongnpoint. And after too many cases of food-poisoning, he had settled forntaking charge. He still held it against me every chance he got. Inlay awake for a while, listening to the drunken snores of Argyle,nuntil, eventually, all noise fell and I drifted into a deep sleep,nexhausted from the days journey. Thennext day, after having breakfast with Sarah. I found myself gettingnharassed into wearing a robe to the festivities. I had refused atnfirst, but after I had slipped into it, I was happy I obliged. Itnwas a long, olive green robe with silver lining through out it. Thensleeves hung off my shoulders, traveling down my arms to fan out atnmy wrists. Normally when I wear a robe my muscles make me look like anman, but this seem to conceal it well. Sarah commented that the greennmatched my eyes, and she was right. It had been years since I hadnworn anything as lovely as this, and when Sarah had braided my hair,nlacing ribbons and flowers into it. I felt like a real woman again. Thenmen had left early in the morning to start setting the tables andnputting up some of the tents for the guests to rest under. I wasngrateful I had managed to avoid the hung-over Argyle, who is never anjoy in the mornings anyway, especially after drinking. Sarah wasnfinishing the last of the cooking, in-between getting ready andnkeeping an eye on her children. Her son was a quiet boy, and spentnmost of the time playing with his toys, while helping look after hisnsister. I found myself getting lost in thought as I watched the twonof them. My brother was never as quiet as Artagan, growing up, wenpushed each other around and were always trying to get the other inntrouble. Maybe Artagan and his younger sister would never be likenthat. Inrose from my chair to open to door after I heard a small knock, butnbefore I could reach it two men fell into the house, laughing andnpunching each other. I was getting ready to snap at them for being sonrude, but Sarah had already pushed past me and was being swept into anbone-crushing hug. It was then that it hit me, it was her twonbrothers, I remembered her speaking about having two older brothersnover breakfast, but my mind had been somewhere else and I didn'tnremember that they were coming today. Afternthey had finished greeting Sarah, the oldest came towards me. He,nlike Sarah, was fair-headed, tall, and slender. He shook my hand andnannounced that his name was John. Thensecond oldest, however, was dark, tall, and built, obviously anfighter like Argyle and myself. His name was William, and charmingndidn't quite sum up what his personality was like. Where-as Johnnhad been friendly, but reserved, William took my hand and planted ankiss on it, before sweeping me into a hug as well. The two took a mugnof ale, threw it down their necks, then ran outside to find Creightonnto say hello, barely giving Sarah and I time to catch our breaths. \"They'renlike little boys, aren't they?\" She commented, after they had rannoff. Inlaughed, brushing a strand of hair away from my face before nodding.nSettling back into my seat. \"Isnthere anything I can do to help you Sarah?\" \"Nonthank you, I've been warned about your culinary skills, I'dnprefer if my guests wanted to come back again.\" She winked at me,nbefore turning around to pull some bread onto a tray, carry itnoutside and setting it on the tables before I could say anything. Thenguests starting arriving around noon, many bringing their instrumentsnwith them. Sarahnand Creighton welcomed their guests, while Argyle spoke to some oldnfriends, and I wandered around, serving the ale. When the musicnstruck up, many got up to dance, and before long, the tables werenempty except for the few older ones who had no energy to be thrownnaround. Inturned, only to bump into William, who winked and took my hand,nleaning into me to yell into my ear over the music. \"Dancenwith me!\" Inshook my head, smiling at him. \" No, I really am a horrible dance-\" Henlaughed, yanking me towards the moving mob. I had to hand the jug ofnale to someone as he pulled me by. We pushed past the bodies, gettingnright into the circle. He placed his hands on my hips, I wrapped mynarms around his shoulders, and we were off. The fast-beat of the drumnand the ringing of the pipes made my chest thump, I tripped a fewntimes, but before long, I got the rhythm. William lead me, and whennthe jumps came, he threw me up in and air and brought me down like itnwas nothing. I found myself laughing and relaxing more than I had inna very long time. Outnof the corner of my eye, I caught Argyle looking at us, his facengrim. As we rushed by, I tried to make out the words he was mumblingnbeneath his breath. I watched as Sarah approached him, leaning intonwhisper into his ear. Never taking her eyes of William and I. \"Sileasnsuits that robe. I've decided to let her keep it.\" \"Shenlooks beautiful. I haven't seen her in something like that sincenshe was about ten years old.\" Sarahnlooked up, watching Argyle, a large smile crossing her face. \"What?nWhat are you grinning at?\" \"You'renin love with her!\" \"What?nStop being stupid…there's no way I'm…\" Sarahnsmiled, simply patting his arm and wondering off. Continuing to greetnthe guests. Thencelebrations continued well into the night, the food that Sarah hadncooked was amazing, and everyone ate until they were stuffed.nCreighton and Sarah announced their daughters names after everyonenhad finished eating and had quieted down, they had decided to callnher Erena, which was our native tongue for \"peace.\" I could notnof thought of a better name for her. The last hour of the evening wasnthe blessing of the child. Each guest would present a small gift fornher, and whisper a prayer of protection over her, hoping that thengoddess would guide Erena through her journey of life. Afternthe last of the guests had staggered home, we finished cleaning upnand made our way back to bed. For tomorrow, Argyle and I would travelnback to the ship, gather the men and the supplies we needed and startnour journey once more.[Chapter 7] Yes, yes, I stole the poem from Robert Burns, I know, but it's always been a favorite of mine. (He's referring to whiskey, if you don't get it :P ) The sun was not up yet when Argyle and I sat down to our breakfast, Creighton, Sarah and her two brothers joined us to be considerate, but the children still slept. William and his brother would spend another night before beginning their journey. Although we would be back in town by mid-day, Sarah had packed us a feast to take with us, and our bags were full when we were saddled and ready to leave, mine included the gorgeous robe that Sarah insisted I keep. Argyle was pleasant this morning, strange, as he had quite a bit to drink last night and normally his hangovers make him more moody than a woman who has begun her cycle. Maybe Sarah had given him a remedy for his pounding head. As we said our goodbyes, making our way down the forest path that would lead us back to harbor, I thought about last night, most of my thoughts leading back to William, I got lost in my own world, remembering the way his hands felt on my waist, his warmth even though there was still an evening chill in the air that night. \"Oi….OI!\" I shook my head, quickly looking to find Argyle, who was a good bit ahead of me. \"Oh, sorry…I was thinking…\" \"Yeah well, dozy, try and keep up, another half hour and we'll be there.\" I grinned at him, tapping Achilles sides so that he caught up with Argyle, before slowing back into pace with the other horse. \"Erena looks like her mother already, doesn't she?\" \"Aye\" he responded \" but she has Creighton's eyes..\" We fell back into silence again, the rain beginning to fall just as we reached town. I slipped down of Achilles, taking his reins in my hand and leading him towards the ship. The men had already begun to load the crates of supplies back on the ship, a few stopping in-between shifts to have one last pint in the tavern. I handed Achilles reins to Patrick, a small Irish man who cooked for the crew. He took Argyles reins as well and lead both the horses onto the ship, taking them to the stables where they would receive fresh hay and a carrot. The rain was pouring down by the time the men had finished loading the last of the crates, and we all went into the local pub to enjoy a few drinks, the water would be too rough to start sailing again tonight, so we could relax and enjoy our last night on land before taking off tomorrow. Sitting around the largest table in the pub, some of the men pulled out instruments, a small set of drums, a guitar, and the instrument that Argyle had given me to learn so that I would stay out of his way as a child, a fiddle. We struck up a chord, having played this tune many a time we were all knew each others playing skills and how to keep time together. A few of the men started to sing, and before long, we had the entire pub going, everyone was clapping and singing merrily, drowning out the sound of the rain pounding the rooftop to the tavern. My love, she's but a lassie yet,My love, she's but a lassie yet!We'll let her stand a year or twa,She'll no be half sae saucy yet!I rue the day I sought her, O!I rue the day I sought her, O!Wha gets her need na say he's woo'd,But he may say he has bought her. draw a drap o the best o't yet,Come draw a drap o the best o't yet!Gae seek for pleasure whare ye will,But here I never miss'd it yet,We're a'dry wi drinkin o't,We're a'dry wi drinkin o't!The minister kiss't the fiddler's wife-He could na preach for thinkin o't! As the last of the words faded away, each man raised his pint to the band, their yells of thanks echoing off the walls. It faded, and everyone settled back into their seats, continuing with their conversations as if it had all never happened. As the sun finally settled behind the hills, a group of whores came into the tavern. Argyle and I watched as every mans faces fell towards them. Our crew looked back at us, begging with us silently. I laughed, nodding and telling them to go, but be at the ship by sunrise tomorrow. I personally, had never seen men scatter so fast. The fire popped and crackled, heating the room nicely as Argyle and I sat in silence, finishing our pints, consumed by the thoughts of the journey ahead. I gazed over at him, smirking. \"What?\" He looked at me, frowning slightly. \"How come you never take pleasure in the company of the a woman?\" \"What kind of question is that?!\" His voiced raised, drawing attention from the pub. He settled back down, glaring over at him. \"I just wondered why, we've been traveling for years and I have never seen you leave for the company of a woman. You're either with me or on the ship, which I'm on half the time anyway!\" \"Maybe I take them on the ship and you don't know it.\" \"Our quarters are right next to each other, I'd hear the headboard slammi-\" \"I'm getting another pint!\" Argyle jumped from his seat, yelling his words as he walked towards the bar, cash already in hand to pay for his drink. As I watched him, I'm sure….for the very first time in my life…. I saw Argyle Drummond blush.[Chapter 8] Thensun was not yet in the sky when I woke the next day, the morningnchill creeping into my room, I wrapped the sheet around my nakednbody, rising out of the bed to close the window and draw thencurtains. Peeping out the window before I did so, I could see Argylenat the front of the tavern, his armor already on and his bags overnhis shoulder as he went to the local butchers, getting the meat henneeded for the journey, as we would be sailing for a fortnight beforenwe saw land again. I made my way to the chair to that I had thrown mynclothes over the night before, and saw that they were missing.nInstead, they had been washed and folded, placed on top of the trunknat the end of my bed. Inwas used to sleeping through noise and movement, you have to grownaccustomed too it when you're on a ship, but it was rare thatnsomeone could come into my room and move my things without me wakingnalmost immediately. I glanced around, making sure that everythingnelse was still in place. It was, including my sword, which was stillnlying under my pillow, sheathed but still there. I picked up mynarmor, instead of putting it on, placing it back inside the trunk.nThere was no need for me to wear my heavy armor when we were sailingnthrough the safe routes for the next few days. Instead, I chose tonwear my white, cloth shirt, black trousers, and black and whitenleather boots. It was comfortable, and still thick enough to keep thencold away while on deck. I moved the pillow, grabbing by sword andnfastening it round my waist, there was an odd comfort in having thencold metal so close to my skin, so close to my hand that if anyonendare to try and strike me, the metal of my blade would have piercedntheir skin before they had taken their next breath. AsnI threw the sheets back over the bed, roughly making it up for thennext person to lie in it, my mind drifted, and I remembered when Inhad first gone sailing with Argyle. My fate had been decided, andnhaving no choice in the matter, I prepared for a life at sea.nThankfully, I did not take ill, but I could not sleep at nightnbecause of the movement of the ship. Although Argyle had not beennespecially kind to me, he was the only person I knew on the ship, sonwhen I could not rest, I climbed into his bed. At first, he hadnforced me into my own tiny corner with little blanket, hoping that Inwould be so uncomfortable that I would move back to my own bed. Butnas the weeks went by, he let me in, and after a while I could tucknmyself into the curve of his arm, and feel myself being lulled tonsleep by the warmth and safeness that was his embrace. When Ineventually stop coming to his bed, it took me weeks to adjusted tonsleeping alone, but the movement of the ship no longer bothered me. Ansharp knock at my door broke my thoughts, and I quickly made my waynto the door, marching past the maid who had a tray bearing bread andnale, and out the front door of the tavern. Argyle and I stayed atnthis inn every time we docked here, so the owners knew the rules, myntrunk would be delivered to the ship within the next half hour, andnthen we would sail. The weather had cleared enough for us to startnour journey, though over the next week it would get rougher.nThankfully, our men had grown adjusted to rough sailing, and nonlonger spent their time with their heads hanging over the ship.nThough, if as many of them are nursing the hangovers I think theynwill be, there will still be a few who are ill. Makingnmy way down the cobblestone street, the city had started to come tonlife, the sun had risen into the sky and the market stalls werenopening. I could see Argyles outline coming up the path, and I waitednuntil he had reached me before taking a few bags from him and walkingnwith him towards the ship. \"Howndid you sleep?\" \"Aye,nnae bad…after you went to your bed I had a few more drinks, itncleared out pretty quick after you and the band left.\" Insimply nodded, I had not fallen straight asleep and heard the clinknof glasses and the shuffling of chairs as people rose to leave, itnwas only when it had gone truly quiet that I had started to fallnasleep. I heard Argyle, staggering and bashing walls as he made hisnway to his bed. It was still more comfortable to know that he wasndrunk, but in the room next to me, than sober and in the barndownstairs. \"Captain!\" Sharingnthe title onboard the ship meant that we both earned equal amounts ofnrespect, and although we very rarely made decisions withoutnconsulting one-another, it meant that the men had to listen to eithernof us in case we had too. Wenboth turned, only to see Patrick running up to us, Patrick was short,nfat, and lived off tobacco, so when he did finally reach us, we hadnto wait for him to catch his breath before hearing what he hadnsummoned us for. \"Donald…hasn't…reported…to…the…ship.\"nPatrick wheezed. Argylenand I looked at each other, the ship was ready and all we had to donwas raise anchor and then we were off. It wasn't like Donald toncome in late for duty, and he was one of the most valuable members ofnthe crew, leaving him behind seemed like a bad idea. Nodding at eachnother, we threw our bags at Patrick, who staggered under the weight. \"Takenthem to the ship and put them in our chambers, we'll be back in tennminutes at the most.\" Hennodded, making his way towards the ship slowly, careful not to dropnour belongings. \"Donaldnwasn't drunk last night when he left, and even if he was, he'snhad more than enough time to sleep that off..\" \"Ifnhe was sleeping…\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" Argyle glanced over at me, and I immediately realizednwhat he was saying. Donald had left with one of the whores lastnnight. Our feet knowing the path, as it was not the first time we hadnto chase one our men out of their beds, we made our way towards thenwhore-house at the edge of the street, it looked dark and unwelcomingncompared to the other houses and shops along the way. It's lightsnout and empty bottles of whiskey lying outside, broken glass acrossnthe wooden porch. As I went to open the door, Donald was coming out,nstill buttoning his shirt, sleep in the corner of his eyes and hisnhair un-brushed. Argyle grabbed the front of his shirt and put him innthe middle of us, together, we leaned in and yelled \" MORNIN'!\"nas loud as we could into Donalds ears. He look like he was ready toncry. \"Mightnwant to put your jacket on Donald, you're on cleaning duty for thenrest of this week.\" \"ButnCapta-!' \"Younheard her\" Said Argyle, silencing him. Donald hung his head,ncleaning duty was the worse job for the ship, it involved scrapingnmold of walls, cleaning the holding cells, cleaning the horse shit,nand any spew from men that didn't quite make it to the edge of thenship on time. All in all, a worthy punishment for holding us back. Thenmorning fog had cleared by the time we made it back to the ship, andnalthough it was already start to spit rain, the sun was trying tonmake it's way through the clouds for us. As Argyle and I climbed onnboard the ship, we waited for the men who had families to say goodbyenand join us, their wives and children waving from below with tears inntheir eyes. Out of the corner of my eye, I noticed Patrick holding ansmall, dark-haired woman's hands, before leaning down and sweepingna young boy into a hug. He handed them a small bag of money beforenclimbing up the ramp and joining me. \"Indidn't realize you had family, Patrick. I assumed they were allnover in your homeland.\" \"Mi'nsister and my nephew, Captain, our husband was killed by the English,njust like mi' wife and daughter, we've only got each othernreally.\" \"Donyou plan on letting the boy join the crew when he comes of age?\" \"No,nCaptain. I mean no disrespect to you on any of the crew, but I don'tnwant him to work at sea, I've put him in school, you see, want himnto become something more, maybe a doctor, even if it's just a localntown one.\" \"ThennI pray to the Gods that your wishes for him come true.\" \"Thanknyou Captain.\" Henoffered a small bow before going below, our first meal tonight wouldnbe soup, something hot, but light, to get the men adjusted to sailingnagain. Although most of our stomachs were in-tune with the sea now,nthe men had just had a few days of eating thick meals and drinkingntoo much, it can take it's toll. Argyle, who had sailed with hisnfather as a child, would be the only one to eat a real meal. \"RaisenAnchor! Prepare to Sail!\" I could hear Argyle barking orders,nmaking sure the men were prepared for today. I took one last look atnPatrick's family before tugging on small black leather gloves andnmoving away from the side of the ship. I grabbed a robe that one ofnour younger crew members was struggling with, and helped him raisenthe sails. Unlike most ships, we sailed with blue sails, the crossesnof white sails in-between made our allegiance well known. As thenwinds caught and we started to gain speed, the harbor disappearingninto the last of the fog, I realize that we would have to changensails soon, as the English were putting more and more of the navyninto these waters. Oncenthe men had caught the pace, and were going about with the basicnduties, I knew that I was no longer needed on deck, and went to findnArgyle. I could him shuffling about in his wardroom, and knocking thendoor lightly, I heard his grunt of acceptance. \"Captain.\"nI said, smiling at him ever so lightly. Henlooked up me, offering a smile in return before returning his gaze tonthe map laid out in front of us, I placed a hand on his shoulder,nleaning down to look at what he had planned. \"We'renno longer sailing by Bruichladdich?\" \"No,nwe'll have to go round Corpach and take the long way, the Englishnlanded at Bruichladdich, Leon sent a letter warning us.\" \"Goodnman, good man.\" Wenstood in silence, lost in thought. I jumped slightly as I realizednthat Argyle had placed his hand on mine that was resting on hisnshoulder. Lacing his gloved fingers through my own. \"We'llnbe fine Argyle..\" \"ThenEnglish are taking more and more control of the waters, eventually,nwe'll have to disband the crew and trade via land. You know wencannot face their navy.\" \"Therenis just as much danger traveling on foot as there is on land, eithernway we take a risk.\" \"Therenhas been word of a rebel, a man gathering Scottish forces andnfighting against the English.\" \"Thennhe is a fool, the English outnumber us my thousands, even if everyonenin Scotland gathered arms to stand against them.\" \"Theynsay he's beaten them and burned down a few of their villagesnalready.\" \"Thennhe is no better than them.\" Henstood so quickly that his chair fell back against the ground, pushingnme away from him with it. \"Whyndo you have no hope?! We could join him Sileas, fight at his side andnwin our nations freedom! Imagine it, a life without English rule!\" \"Inhave imagined it more times that you could possibly believe Argyle!nBut there is no hope for it! The English, pillage, and rape, theynruins lives and make our peoples blood run thick with fear. If I hadnmy chance, I would kill every English man I could, twice over, butnthey are too strong for us! You were there those years ago Argyle, mynclan witnessed some of Caledonia's best warriors ride to what theynthought was a meeting a peace, instead, they were killed and theirnbodies thrown away like it was nothing. I am not willing to risk thenlives of our crew because you HOPE there is a chance at freedom, whennthere is none!\" \"Godndamn you, woman! You're a coward!\" \"Thisnfrom the man who fears rats! RATS ARGYLE, THEY COME WITH THE BLOODYnJOB!\" Hencame forward, and for a moment I thought he would strike me. Butninstead, he grabbed my arms, pulling me in and pressing his lipsnagainst mine. It was intense, forced, and verging on painful, but itnforced something to rise in me that I had not felt before. I foughtnthe urge to pursue the kiss, instead, forcing him back and making mynway to the door. Argyle watched him, his eyes fierce and sharp, butnhe said nothing. Instead, I spoke for both of us. \"Wenwill not speak of this, ever, Argyle. It was a moment of weakness,nwhich we cannot afford, we must stay strong. For our crew, and fornour country.\" Withnthat, I left him, making my way to my own chambers, ignoring thenquestions of the crew and I walked by them.[Chapter 9] Heynguys, I'mnsorry it took so, so long to update this. My shite computer ( whom Instill lurv : ) ) had a bit of a meltdown, but he's feeling betternnow. Just needed a boot up the arse. Indedicate this chapter to The Deadly Angel, who constant support andnhelpful reviews have inspired me to keep writing. Thank you so much!nI hope this chapter, and many more to come, reach your expectations! Laurennx Overnthe next few days, the ship had an eerie silence, tension was raw,nthick in the air, and although we knew that the crew could feel it,nnone of them dare ask either Argyle and I what had happened betweennus. We stuck to our personal chambers at the best of times, and tooknturns commanding the crew instead of our usual partnership. Patricknbrought us our meals separately, and played messenger for the two ofnus when trading paperwork needed signing. Two weeks we had beennsailing like this, and as we crossed the Moray Firth and the BlacknIsle loomed ahead of us, we knew the land would be a welcome break. Truento it's name, the Black Isle was the darkest place in Scotland,nthere seemed to be an ever constant drizzle of cold rain, that soakednthrough you and chilled you to the bone. Originally used as anre-homing area for criminals, the English had pushed it to far andnwere now sending innocent families there for simple things,noccasionally, separating children from their families. There was twonbrilliant things about the Black Isle. James and Julia Milligan.nJames and Argyle had served in battle together, and Julia was thenfirst friend I made in Aberdeen before being whisked away by Argylenfor traveling. Although the two of them had spent most of their livesnin Aberdeen, they still held the strong Glasgow accents from theirnyouths, and as hard as they were to understand at the best of times,nwhen the two of them forget you are standing there and startednarguing, it was just damn-near impossible. The two of them had beennmarked criminals for hiding a English traitor in their home, narrowlynavoiding death, they were instead banished to the Black Isle, and,ntypical Milligans, had made the best out of the situation. They nownrun a small, cozy pub, and even enjoy the company of the locals. Jamesnand Julia were the polar opposites, Julia, taking after her father,nlight, blue-eyed, short and verging on fat, while James took afternhis mother, tall, lean, dark and mysterious. Bringing the ship intondock and seeing their two outlines was almost comical. Argyle and Inleft the crew with instructions and a small amount of money each, tonblow on whatever they wish. The four of us headed to the pub, andnafter a home cooked meal from Julia and a few whiskeys, the mennheaded to saddle the horses and go out hunting. They would return atnsunset. Julia and I settled into the back room, leaving a young boynto manage the bar. \"Henwas sent here for stealing a loaf of bread from the market, trying tonfeed himself and his sister.\" \"Andnwhere is his sister?\" \"ThenEnglish put her to work in the whore houses, don't think they'llnever see each other again.\" Incouldn't answer, but offered a simple nod and a small grunt of nacknowledgement. Stepping in the backroom, I sat myself next to thenfire and poured a small glass of whiskey from the crystal decanter onnthe mantle piece. The liquid traveled down my throat like a river ofnfire, warming my chest and my stomach, scaring away the chill thatnhad come over my since landing in the Black Isle. Julia did not takensome, but instead sat down to a cup of boiling water and some lemon. \"Sonwhat happened between yeh and Argyle, eh?\" \"Whatndo you mean?\" \"Ughnhen, don't give us that pish. Normally you can't get the pair ofnyou tae shut up, this time, yoo's wouldn't even open yer traps!\" \"Nothingnof great importance, just a simple argument, I assure you.\" \"Yehncan't lie tae me, Sileas, yer eyes tell a completely differentnstory.\" Insighed, downing the rest of my whiskey before settling back into mynseat, accepting the fact that Julia would just keep bugging me untilnI eventually broke and told her. I might as well get it over with. \"Havenyou heard of the rebel, a highlander, Argyle says he's gatheringntroops and fighting the English.\" \"Ohnaye hen, 'course we've heard of him, James has been thinking ofnjoining him…\" \"Aye,nso has Argyle…\" \"Itn'twas James that told Argyle of the rebel, wrote 'im in a letternif ah remember correctly.\" \"Whatndo you think of it all Julia, you see more on this island in a weeknthan the rest of Scotland see in a year.\" \"Ahnthink….ah think its about bloody time someone started standing upnto the English.\" \"Butnit's a losing battle!\" \"Yehndon't know that for certain hen, you'd be amazed at the strengthnthat can come out of a the smallest man when he has reason enough taenfight.\" \"ThenEnglish….their army is too powerful, even if we could defeat them,ntheir navy would wipe us out. We've only narrowly avoided them innthe past few months while sailing.\" \"Sileas,nyeh know better than anyone o' us the pain that comes from losingneverything you've ever known. Yer father and brother would 'avenwanted yeh to fight for their memory, for yer clans memory. Bring thenname 'of Stewart back to the lands it fairs from.\" \"Whatnif I can't.\"\"Then at least you tried, tis better to say thatnthan admit ye've done nothing' at all.\" Indidn't answer, simply reaching for the decanter to pour anothernglass for myself. Julia rose, taking her empty cup with her. \"I'mngoing tae go 'elp Robert cook the roast, it'll take ah few 'ours,nso yeh just sit 'ere and 'ave a wee rest alright hen? I wouldnadvise you 'gainst going for a wee wonder.\" Inoffered her a small grunt before I heard the door click shut. Pacingnaround the room, I thought of what she had said about my clan, aboutntrying. What she had said was fine and well, but if I did not returnnfrom war, my clan would be one of the many that were disappearing ofnthe map of Scotland, leaving no trace to its people and theirncustoms. Ironically, my clans motto was \"Courage grows strong at anwound.\" Butndid it? ","Summary":" Hello there everyone! I've wanted to write a story like this for a while, especially now that I'm b"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Someday","Author":"Lioness1","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/2761395","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Author's Note- This is my second Wallace fic. This is actually more so a fiction story based on events leading up to the Battle at Bannockburn in 1314. It still has parts of the movie Braveheart in it, but while my first Braveheart fic was about a Scottish common girl who bled with Wallace, this is the tale of a noble English lady trying to find her own strength through the help of William and Robert the Bruce. Hopefully you'll like it. Chapter One: A dream that could still be \"The prisoner wishes to say a word…\" The cardinal proclaimed, a smirk forming along his upper lip as he relished in his conquest of breaking the prisoner. A glorious word resonated from the mouth of the bleeding prisoner, his voice harsh and cracking, but every soul who watched could understand what he had said. Tingles shivered down my spine into every limb of my being. My eyes glazed for a man I did not know, and as the axe came down my own heart bled with feeling, for I had heard the tales of this man. This warrior who had rallied his people to stand against our ruthless king. This brave heart. The crowd stood motionless, unsure of what they were experiencing. We were told that this man had been a savage murderer, a treasonous scoundrel who raped women and killed children. But as we watched him die, every single one of us could feel deception in those stories. And so, without mockery and praise, the crowd dispersed the scene, ready to go home and eat supper with their families, while in the back of their minds thanking God that this man had stood up to the crown, because we were too cowardly to do so ourselves. I had willed myself to watch as the axe came down. Something inside me had told me I had to see. I looked on to his face, and was surprised to see him smiling, his eyes glistening towards someone in the crowd. When the axe had fallen, I put my hand to my mouth to keep from crying out. \"Away from the window.\" My mother said casually. I had watched the execution from the tower in London, though my parents had refused to do the same. \"A noble lady should not see such barbarous things. You must be kept pure, Aris.\" she said, sniveling her nose and shutting the door behind me. I had never seen a man die before, let alone tortured. I turned back to my high view of the courtyard, as the crowd began leaving. Soldiers collected the body as servants began scraping the blood from the platform. As one picked up the head of the fallen warrior, several snickered and began plucking hairs from it dishonorably, their crude remarks leaving me with a feeling of emptiness. I let one tear slide down my cheek. No one should have to suffer as he did. I leaned against the window, letting my head rest against it, until two figures caught my eye. They had stood still the entire execution, never shouting or hurling food at the prisoner. From my perch I tilted my head as one of them reached the end of the platform. I squinted my eyes to see the fellow slowly pick up a small cloth that Wallace had dropped. The man quickly walked away, so as not to arouse suspicion. He gave the cloth to his red bearded bulky friend, who gently placed the cloth to his forehead, his eyes closed in remembrance. That same tingling sensation shot through my body. These were his friends, my mind told me. A knock on the door disturbed my thoughts. \"Pardon me, milady, but supper is served downstairs.\" Wiping away the tear that had stained my cheek, I attempted a smile. \"Right. Thank you Branwain.\" Amid the laughter and eating I sat silently, my face set in stone, my mind reliving what I had just witnessed. Mother turned to me. \"Dear, you're not eating. Do you feel alright?\" I could not look at her. In my mind I could only see his piercing blue eyes as the had gazed into the crowd, searching for someone. \"Perhaps someday\" I muttered, and she did not hear me. They never hear me. -------- \"The lady Aris of Perth\" the speaker commented, as my escort took my hand and led me into the ballroom of the castle. It was my eighteenth birthday, in the year of our Lord 1312. My father, Duke Gareth of Perth, had been given the Scottish post in 1308. After the death of Wallace in 1305, his martyrdom had become legendary, and in 1306 the Scots had declared Sir Robert the Bruce their king. The Scottish Rebellion against the crown of England had not died along with Wallace. The Bruce had defeated the English several times, and he controlled all of Scotland north of the River Tay. Just two years ago, he had taken over Linlithgow and Dumbarton, and word had reached my father that the Bruce had planned to regain Perth once his forces were strong enough. The move from London to Scotland had not been easy. My only brother had taken ill on the journey and died. Several weeks later my mother, who had never been an easy woman to love, died of grief. My father was heartbroken and left with only myself and my younger sister as heirs. The time for marriage was at hand, for father's own health was steadily deteriorating. I defied him at first, refusing to marry the first noble father chose. My sister gave into it, and now she writes me in Edinburgh, where she is currently pregnant with her cruel husband's offspring. I did not want that life. Three months ago, my father had had enough of my silliness. \"You are making a mockery of me by refusing every courtier! My debt is growing with this cursed war, and I must have a wealthy benefactor to take over if you are to stay noble, Aris! I am arranging a ball, and on your eighteenth birthday I will announce my successor!\" For three months I locked myself away in the library, refusing to join father for suppers, immersing myself in literature. When father was away for business, I often snuck off to the stables and stole our prized mare, racing off the castle grounds. I have never known freedom. And after tomorrow, when my husband shall be announced, I will be locked into a loveless marriage from which my sole purpose will be to produce an heir. Our debt was growing due to the rising costs of supplies and men we had forfeited to the crown, due to the Scottish Rebellion. My father took out his anger on our serfs, often chaining and torturing a few as examples when our crops failed. He hated the Scots. He hated his post here in Perth. Once I had snuck down to the south chambers…a place I was not allowed to go. I hid behind a wall, but could here a man screaming in agony only a few feet away as a whip cracked against his skin menacingly over and over again. \"Please milord, I have done nothing…\" he pleaded. \"You're a scout for Robert the Bruce, that's what you are. I won't let Perth fall like Dumbarton. Guards!\" My father raged, his eyes fiery with revulsion. \"Take him to the lake. Make sure his body is not found, I don't want the others to turn on me.\" \"No sire! I haven't done anything wrong! Please! Please!\" he pleaded, tears flooding his face. I wanted to stand up, I wanted to tell father there was no reason for this….but I did nothing. Fear had overtaken me. A few months ago I once more began to see father for what he truly was: a monster with power, a man called noble because of his title, not his morals. My servant had come crying to my room, begging me to stop him. \"What's the matter Bree? What has happened?\" It took a good minute for her to calm down and let the words escape her lips. \"Its my sister, Lady Aris. Lord Gareth has evoked the right of prima nocte, and she has refused! Lord Gareth executed Sean….my brother in law…all because he wouldn't let her share a bed with him on the night of her wedding!\" This had to be some sort of ruse. \"Bree I don't understand. Prima nocte was banned years ago…there's no way father could…\" But her tears told the truth. \"King Robert the Bruce banned it, my lady. Lord Gareth does not answer to him…\" By now she could barely make out a whisper in her words. She looked back up at me, something she was never supposed to do. \"I beg you, milady. I have been good to you since you arrived at Perth. I do not ask for much, but please….my sister is all I have. I don't know what I'd do without…without…\" \"Shhh…\" I comforted, taking her arms into mine. With my fingers I placed a few stray strands of hair behind her ear. \"I won't let father harm her. You'll see….it will all be made right.\" If only that were true. Father would not speak with me, and that evening I watched as he took her into his bed, her cries heard throughout the castle. A few days later, as Bree fiddled with the fire, I spoke. \"I…I'm sorry I could not stop him\" my voice cracked. She stopped what she was doing, and stared hard into my eyes. \"You tried, milady. That is more than any noble has done.\" But I could have tried harder. \"Is she alright? Your sister?\" As the fire began to crackle, Bree wiped off the soot on her apron. \"She will not speak to me….to anyone.\" \"I am truly sorry, Bree.\" \"The English have been raping and ravaging our country for a hundred years, milady. It is not you who is responsible.\" I paused for a moment, and as she turned to leave, I called out to her. \"Wait. Come here.\" Taking her hands into mine, I stared into her distressing pupils. \"The only thing worse than evil is when good people do nothing to stop it. I cannot erase what my father has done, Bree….but one day…I am sure of it.…one day I will not let the suffering of your people endure, not at the hands of my father atleast.\" ------- Once my name was called, I walked down the stairs in my elegant new dress that father had spent a lot of money getting. According to my servant, I looked rather fetching. Funny really, I felt rather wretched. The ball had begun. As the courtiers began one by one asking me to dance, I looked over at my father, who was smirking with delight. \"You seem nervous.\" One duke commented as he took my hand. I did not answer, but smiled the way my father wanted me to smile. I let him dance with me for two songs, and then moved on to the next chap. After five courtiers I began to grow weary with boredom. \"May I have this dance?\" Another interjected, but this one surprised me. His accent was most assuredly Scottish, and father had clearly stated I was to only marry an English born noble. I grinned, knowing this would be the best way to defy father. \"Certainly, milord.\" The man was young, most likely a few years older than me and quite handsome with his misty blue eyes. He had pulled back his rich brown hair, but when it was down I suppose it would reach his shoulders. As he took my hand into his, I noticed his strong grip, quite different from the other courtiers. And as we danced, he improperly stared at me the entire time, in utter curiousness. But with that curiosity came a distinct trace of fear that he did not want to show. I found my own eyes illicitly staring back, and it was as if our eyes were playing a game of their own as we waltzed. \"You are quite a fair dancer\" he said after two songs. \"You do not have two left feet yourself. I am quite tired, perhaps you would not mind a break?\" I asked as he escorted me off the dance floor. He took me out onto the balcony as the ball progressed onward. It was a breezy night in Perth, still warm considering it was in winter season. \"Something tells me you don't want to be here right now.\" He stated bluntly, sitting beside me on a bench. I chuckled. \"And what makes you think that? I have done nothing but smile and laugh the entire night.\" He searched my face in a most uncomfortable manner, raising an eyebrow. \"You have an art for deception.\" It was my turn to furrow my brow. \"You are most forthright.\" He shrugged his shoulders. \"Forgive me. I do not mean to pry. But its curious to see such a beautiful young noble hide behind a smile.\" For a moment I was speechless, unsure of how to react to this. \"It is rude to make assumptions. And this coming from a boy has yet to introduce himself.\" He grinned, showing off one dimple in his left cheek. \"You never asked.\" \"It is not my place to ask. It is for you to tell immediately after dancing with a lady. That is the proper way of introductions.\" He chuckled and came close to my ear. \"Something tells me you defy proper principles, milady\" he whispered. Shocked by his unnerving answer, I got up and stood with my arms crossed. \"I have half a mind to return to the dance, instead of taking this rude abuse!\" He continued to sit and looked back into the ballroom. \"Would you rather return inside and dance with those fellas?\" I looked back to see a wave of courtiers eagerly awaiting my return in hopes of getting a dance. I groaned, infuriated by my choices. He smiled once more. \"Care for a ride?\" \"I am not here to go galloping off with some stranger I barely know into the forest when I have guests waiting!\" He finally stood. \"I suppose not. But if I introduce myself, will you stop calling me a stranger?\" I put my hands to my hips. \"I care not for your name, sir.\" Inside I desperately wanted to know. \"I am Patrick, Cousin to the Earl of Henshire.\" \"Henshire? Why I am friends with the daughter of the Earl of Henshire…she….she does not have any cousins…\" I stated, confused by his answer. With my response his smile quickly faded, and was that nervousness I saw? \"Yes, well, second cousin twice removed, that sort of thing. If you would excuse me, milady.\" As he left the balcony, he whisked himself into the ballroom until I could see him no more. Confused by his baffling behavior, but not wanting to return quite yet, I remained on the balcony, overlooking the lake. Inside I heard nothing but music and laughter, as if this was supposed to be some festive occasion. I sighed, letting the wind wrap its arms around me. Oh, to be free. To leave this prison of nobility and seek adventure as a commoner. Suddenly I heard voices down below, as many silent shadows swiftly moved toward the tower. Suspicious, I leaned my head over to see about twenty men huddling below, swords out. Inside I could hear ladies begin to scream. \"Their storming the gates!\" I ran back inside, desperately seeking my father. I found one of the servants and asked where he was. \"I do not know, milady. Robert the Bruce is right outside the castle gates, demanding our surrender!\" \"Does father know they have already breached the wall and have men awaiting by the north tower?\" \"The north tower? What do you mean?\" he asked, and my heart began to race. Father only thought they were coming from the South gate, which meant someone from the inside had snuck in the others. I ran as fast as I could through the halls, running up the stairs. No one knew of the insider presence. On top of the gate my father stood with his archers, looking down on none other than Robert the bruce himself. \"Lower your gate, Duke of Perth, and you and your guests will live. I wish for no bloodshed to take place tonight. You may even take your belongings with you back to England, but I will regain this land.\" \"You insolent bastard!\" father screamed back. \"I will have none of this! Archers!\" he shouted, as the archers released their arrows. A battering ram was brought out as the Bruce retreated behind his men unharmed. \"father!\" I called. \"Aris! What are you doing out here? Get down below this instant!\" Two of his men took hold of me. \"No Father! You must listen! The Scots have already breached the castle! They are in the north tower!\" But he was already walking away. I pleaded with the guards, but they brought me to the dining hall along with the other guests as I wrestled to get out of their grip. Some of the ladies were crying, as the noblemen tried to comfort them. \"We must leave this area. Come, we can go to the east corridor where there is a secret path down to the lake. Hurry!\" I exclaimed. One of the noblemen scoffed. \"Milady come back. We will fight off these barbarians. There is no reason to worry.\" Quite annoyed with the way everyone was treating me, I slinked away from the dining hall and made my way towards the library undetected. I could feel the shaking of the walls due to the battering ram. Inside the library one of the shelves could be opened, and from there I lurked into the eastern armory. By now I could here fits of yelling above me. \"They're inside.\" I exclaimed to myself. Though I had never used a weapon in my life, I took one of Father's swords, and placed a dagger inside my corset. The screaming got louder. I made my way from the armory upstairs to my room, where I looked out the window. The Scots must have opened the gate from the inside, because the battering ram had been abandoned. Scores of Scots raced their way through the main gate, crushing my father's forces. A part of me froze. This is my chance…I could leave and never be the wife to some pig of a husband…this idea grew within me, and I used this moment to change out of my dress and into a simple trousers and tunic. Putting on my boots, I began loading a few coins and jewelry into my bag, along with my dagger. My sword I wore in its sheath on my belt. Hurredly I ran from my room and slipped past a few guardsmen fighting the Scots. I took the east corridor to the secret path…entering below the castle into the cave that led to the lake. Along the cave I became more and more resolved to this notion. I could be free. I made my way to the stables undetected, and inside the horses were restless. I quickly saddled father's fasted mare, and opened the door. Outside I could see part of the castle burning, and fear rose within me. Though I certainly did not like my father, I did not want to see our innocent guests hurt. It could easily be said that the Bruce had won back the castle. A part of me wanted to return, to make sure everyone was alright….but if I returned I would go back to England with my father, terribly in debt and married to the first courtier that came along. Suddenly I realized I was not alone. Ten men opened the stable door and proceeded to take the horses out. I hid inside, desperately hoping not to get caught. \"Easy as pie, that was. Think his Majesty will spare the Duke?\" one spoke. \"Doubtful. I've heard quite a number of stories about this man. He's particularly fond of torturing his peasants.\" another answered. My heartbeats were getting faster and faster as the men came closer to my stall. Give me strength Lord, I prayed, my hands shaking. \"What's this? This horse is all tacked and ready-\" I emerged from my hiding place, knocking one man to the ground with my elbow as I ran to the exit door. A man from behind me gripped my wrist, and I kicked him in the stomach, forcing him to let me go. \"Its just a stable boy, lads, don't hurt him.\" One exclaimed. I unsheathed my sword and gritted my teeth, praying they would get out of the way. As four closed in on me, I slashed it wildly, I think scraping the arm of one. I ran back to the horse that was saddled and mounted him. Kicking him fiercely, I charged at the remaining men who blocked the door. One of the soldiers took the blunt part of his blade and hit my stomach, causing me to fall to the ground. Pain shot through my head, I think I had landed on it. But I would not go down. I know what soldiers do to women after pillaging a castle. I would not be a victim. I tried to get up and began to slash my dagger violently in every direction. As one grabbed hold of me, I drove a small cut into his leg. All the while the door opened once more, admitting more men into the stable. Another grabbed hold and punched me square in the eye. I tried to fight back, and as I turned around to face another foe I felt something sharp pierce my side. I looked into his eyes, and it was obvious he had not meant for me to run into his blade. The pain was not as bad as I had imagined. But it was hard to stay awake. Two men slowly helped me to the ground. \"Twas an accident\" the boy who had stabbed me said. My head hurt fiercely, and my eyes began to close. \"Easy does it lads. Fireball little warrior, ain't he? Luckily the wound ain't deep.\" By now the pain had increased, and I wanted to slap the man who said that. They think I'm a boy? Surely I did not look that bad… \"We won the siege! The castle is ours!\" One man stated as he entered the stables. \"Get some bandages…\" \"Aris?\" I heard, and turned my head slightly to the right. Patrick had just entered, his face bloody as he held his sword. My eyes narrowed at such treachery, and I found my head getting lighter as darkness claimed me. The mists surrounded me as I walked along the streets of London. I made my way to the empty courtyard and up onto the platform. The cold air left me shivering as my teeth chattered. I looked down on the cross, down at a man whose body was covered with blood. I knew him from somewhere, as if it were a dream. I looked down at his body, but I was not afraid. His eyes were closed, but I knew they were a vibrant blue. In his right hand was a small piece of cloth, stained with blood from a love long dead. Slowly I let my hand touch his cheek. It was surprisingly warm. I let my knees fall onto the platform, as I traced my fingers along his face. I don't know why, but tears began to fall from my eyes unto the floor, shattering the wood beneath. I let my forehead sink unto his chest, hearing my own heartbeat resonating loudly. I picked up the cloth, and rightfully placed it on his heart. The mist began to open along the courtyard as the wind blew fiercely. Standing back up, I turned to leave. A hand touched my shoulder, and as I turned around I had to look up in order to see his face. He stared long and hard into my eyes, searching my soul as if I was naked. In his piercing gaze I could find sorrow, guilt, angst, hope, and faith. As his warm hand caressed my cheek, I succumbed to my emotions and placed my arms around his back, embracing him tightly as the tears began to fall once more. \"I watched you die. I watched as they laughed and tore you apart. I let it all happen.\" His voice was just as I had expected, rough and certain. \"There was nothing you could have done. It needed to happen.\" \"I have let my family play the role of oppressor. I do not wish to have this title.\" \"And yet you are what you are. The question is, how can you use your title to do good?\" I let go of the embrace and looked up into his eyes once more as I sniffled. \"I do not understand. Why can't I just flee and live the life I always wished?\" He smiled and placed his hand under my chin. \"Never run away from your problems. Embrace it, and fight for your liberty. Hiding only brings shame.\" Biting my lower lip, I nodded. He nodded back, and turned to go. \"William?\" I called. He turned his head. \"I…I'm sorry you did not win your freedom.\" He grinned. \"You have a long journey ahead. And one day you'll realize what freedom is.\" He began t walk away, and soon the mist surrounded him, leaving me alone once more to dwell on our encounter. \"Aris….Aris…\" a voice called out, as the sun made its way up the sky. The mist was leaving….. \"Aris\" the voice sounded once more, and slowly I began to open my eyes. It was blurry at first, but soon I could make out a boy with misty blue eyes. \"Patrick….\" I whispered, my consciousness fully regained. Pain shot through my body, and I let out a small whimper as I winced. He took my hand. \"Your alright. Your safe.\" \"You betrayed us…\" I said, my voice hoarse and scratchy. Water was given to my lips, and I drank a little. He sighed deeply. \"It wasn't supposed to be like this, I assure you.\" \"Where's my father?\" \"He's fine. Him and the others were sent back to England with a message to your king. Now, no more questions. You must rest.\" He placed his hand on my forehead. \"You have a fever.\" \"Take your hand off me sir, or I shall remove it myself.\" \"Little fireball, this one…\" the same man called from a few feet away. It took me a moment, but I realized I was in my bedchamber in Perth. \"Took us five men to bring her down…\" he chuckled. \"The Almighty says she's a lucky girl.\" A knock on the door. \"King Robert the Bruce approaches\" One of the men said. He was taller than I expected, with rich brown hair, though a few strands of gray were beginning to form. His eyes were big and kind, unlike the descriptions the English soldiers had given. He knelt next to me and examined my wound. \"Forgive my men, Lady Aris, they did not mean to hurt you.\" He spoke regally, as if his words of forgiveness were true. I did not know what to say to it, so I simply narrowed me gaze and kept my lips shut. He smiled warmly. \"Your family and friends are safe. They are on their way back to London as we speak, delivering terms to the king. I expect you will see them in a month or two.\" \"Am I your prisoner then?\" \"Think of it more as our patient. You could not be moved, so we kept you here with us. But do not fear, your father knows you are alive, and I promise, no more harm will come to you.\" I looked around, and my eyes caught the man who had kept calling me a little fireball. I had seen him once before…as if in a dream…or another life. \"Your servant Bree claims that you have sympathy for our cause. I assure you, we mean you no harm. We only wish to take back what is rightfully ours.\" There was passion in his words, and he twitched his left eye often when he spoke. Once again I began to feel lightheaded, and my vision began to blur. He smiled warmly again, and placed his hand on my forehead. \"Rest child. We shall talk more when you are well.\" His words were soothing, and it was almost as if I could hear an old song playing a mournful tune as he spoke. I nodded, and let myself once more give in to sleep. Disclaimer- I own nothing of the movie Braveheart[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 The bumps on my skinnrose as the treacherous winter wind made its way into the bedchamber.nI shuddered, my eyes slowly opening. Feeling around for a blanket, mynhands touched what they sought, and soon I managed to wrap itnthoroughly around my body. Bloody Scots, I thought, as I winced innpain. \"Och, you'renawake!\" Bree exclaimed to no one in particular, rushing out thendoor as fast as she had come in. I drifted in and out of sleep fornthe next couple of days, as a wave of attendants came back and forthnto address my wound or hand me broth. After what I suppose was a weeknconfined to my chambers, I dared venture out into the corridor, onlynto find that my bedroom had been locked from the outside. No onenwould speak with me, except Bree, and even she kept her mouth asnclosed as possible. The next day I refused to eat, demanding to speaknto Robert the Bruce. \"Sorry, milady, butnhis Highness left at dawn. Urgent business, mind ye. Ye ken he's tonhave us taken to Turnberry Castle, as soon as ye can manage\". Us? \"Has thenraiding party left as well?\" I asked, hoping the answer would benyes. I would have thought this Scottish king would have bigger fishnto fry than keeping valuable assets to guard a small English girl. \"Aye. Only a fewnremain, to escort us into the Highlands\". Forgetting my pride, Intook the broth she stuck in front of my face. \"I don'tnparticularly have an interest in going north in the freezing winter,nBree.\" After taking a few sips, I sighed. \"I can scarf down a bitnof solid food, if the men haven't ate the land barren.\" A knock at the doornsounded, and Bree rose from her seat next to me and opened it. Innwalked a young Scot, his eyes an ocean blue, and his chocolate curlynhair hanging freely to his shoulder. \"I was beginning tonthink the wee lass was bedridden for the rest of her days\". Henflashed us both a smile, as Bree excused herself, but not beforengiving him a bright grin in return. I narrowed my eyebrowsnand stared him down. \"I don't suppose you're my escort?\" Patrick pretended tonbe completely immersed in the trinkets along my fireside mantle.n\"Hmmpphh? Och, I suppose I am.\" He was wearing a simple tunic andnkilt, a few hairs plucking their way out on his chest. I satnshivering, though I was covered to the teeth in cloth. I saw thengoosebumps rise on his finely structured arms as once more the windnblew under the windowsill. \"Branwain says I amnto be taken to Turnberry Castle\". At this he looked atnme, his head slightly tilted. \"Well, don't go believingneverything a wee maid says. I dinna suspect His Majesty can afford tonsend a few of his finest men and horses off gallivanting thencountryside to pamper a spoilt English lady. No, today we ride tonDumbarton.\" To this I raised an eyebrow. \"Perhaps this is anbit impertinent- but what the bloody hell are you taking me for?\" He stared at the brothnI had set down on my nightstand and piggishly began slurping it. \"Yenken an upstanding king like Robert the Bruce wouldna have the heartnto let ye wonder about with rogues and villains around every bend?nDon't worry your pretty lil head, lassie. We'll send ye to yournfamily in London when its convenient.\" He stopped slurping to licknhis lips. \"Good soup.\" Though the wound wasnhealing, it still pained me to get up and walk toward the window.n\"Why can't I stay here?\" \"Cuz ye know wherenwe're headin, of course. We're not daft, child.\" \"Child? Of all theningrates-\" I swung around to face him. A little too fast for mynhealing ribs to take. I clutched my side and winced, and gone was hisndevilishly annoying gaze; it was replaced by a look of pure concern.nI saw him reach out his hand, and quickly batted it away. \"I'mnfine.\" He nodded and backednaway slightly. He was quite taller than many of the common folk thatnlived at our estate. Easy to pick out in a crowd. \"I only know wherenyou're heading because you told me\" I said, rationally. \"Be that as it may,nlet's just say the Bruce does not wish to get rid of ye just yet.\"nI didn't say a word, I simply stood with my arms clutching my sidesnfrom the cold, with him rudely staring at me. After a few moments henducked his eyes and scratched the back of his head. \"Perhaps I'dnbest let ye rest before we leave.\" Turning to the door, Input a hand on his shoulder. It was surprisingly warm, though thentemperature of the room was quite below a comfortable cool. \"Wait. How did youndo it?\" I asked, curiosity taking over. \"Do what?\" henasked honestly. The last time we stood face to face he had had hisnhand on my hip as he twirled me about on the dance floor. God itnseemed longer than a week ago. Composing my thoughts,nI gulped. \"At the ball. You spoke without an accent at all. No onenhad any idea you were a Scot.\" I did not mean it as a praise, butnhe grinned widely, showing off a set of teeth white and healthy. \"Ye'd best gathernany stuff ye wanna take. We're leaving soon.\" It felt rather strangenriding away from my home for the past 3 years with a band of Scottishnoutlaws. Well, you wanted to leave your father long before this ,na part of me rationed. Yes, well, I was expecting freedom to be a bitndifferent than traveling north as a prisoner with my side stitched upnfrom being stabbed by ruffians. Adventure is most terribly overrated. The men treated menwell enough, allowing me to lay closest to the fire at night andngiving me a bit of privacy when I had to relieve myself. Bree spokento them all amiably in their Gaelic tongue. Dumbarton was a threendays hard ride, but with me being wounded I had slowed ournprogression quite a bit. Every time my side began to ache, I bit mynlip- hard. But I did not complain. Bree rode next to me for the mostnpart, and pretended to complain of pains herself so they would stopnmore often. On the fourth day, Inknew we were almost there, because I was beginning to see fields andnstreams I had never set foot on. By nightfall, we had reached the topnof the hill that almost concealed Dumbarton in the valley below. \"Magnus, ride aheadnand alert them of our arrival\" Patrick commanded to a man muchnolder than himself. Interesting, I thought. Two hours later, withnmy bum sore and my arms tired, I was helped off my mare. Hearing thenstories of the Bruce and his revolutionaries, I expected to be takennstraight to the dungeon. After all, we were no longer on my father'snland, where a certain decency was entitled to me. Pleasantly, though,nBranwain proceeded to take me toward the bath chambers; past the manynvillagers that stopped and stared at me as if I was part of a gypsynfreak show and into the castle where the guards eyes me wearily. The hot water feltnlike heaven against my freezing exterior, and as the oils werenlavishly applied to the hair and skin I realized I had been holdingnmy breath. Letting out a large sigh, I smiled for the first timenin…god how long had it been? As a rich cloth wasncloaked around me, Bree accompanied me to my quarters: one of thenguest chambers, to be exact. \"They're expecting you for dinner\"nshe said, pointing to the crimson dress that lay on my bed. I had no idea whon'they' were, but hell if I was to do anything but sleep. \"Pleasentell…\"them\" that I am unable to grant their request.\" \"Beggin yer pardon,nmilady, but I don't believe it was a request.\" Seeing that fornthe first time I could not order Bree to do anything, I did notnobject as she began to hand me my shift. Once she had attached thendress (thankfully she was smart enough to tie the corset loosely),nshe had me look in the looking glass. \"There now, a propernlady again.\" She pulled the front parts of my hair back, thoughnrebellious curls snuck their way out. Still, I looked myself over.nThe last time I had worn a dress I was planning on being betrothednthe next day. At least now I don't have to worry about gettingnmarried. \"Although I'm sure such men as these would plan on doingnsomething far worse than marrying me\" I said quietly. Branwain ignored myncomment and made her way toward the door. \"Bree?\" \"Yes, milady?\" \"Why did you come?nYou could have returned to your sister in the village.\" She hesitated for anmoment before speaking. \"You once did a great favor for me inntrying to stop your father. Now it's my turn to do you a service,non my own accord.\" The dinner only lastedntwo hours, but by the time I went to bed my mind was swirling with anthousand thoughts. I had been brought in, my hands a bit shaky as thenwomen eyed me viciously and the men glanced on with looks rangingnfrom scorn to lust. I was placed beside Marjorie Bruce, Robert thenBruce's daughter, a lady of around three and twenty with a palencomplexion and a hair of fire. She was friendly enough. She asked menof my health, the journey here, and about my family; though Ingathered from her questioning that she was asking for reasons othernthan polite table manners. The other women were not as good natured. One of the ladies, anyoung maiden named Sibhoiun McCulloch, spilled her wine onto my lapnas she walked passed. Upon being seated across from me, she listenednas Marjorie asked me about my parents. \"My mother diednshortly after arriving at Perth.\" \"Oh dear, she leftnyou behind te deal with the infamous Duke Gareth? Well, one cannhardly blame a woman fer wanting to die by her own terms\" LadynMcCulloch stated, digging her knife into the venison as she spoke,nher voice squeaky. Expecting as much fromnsituation I was in, I kept shut. Instead, I asked, \"Is my fathernreally so well known?\" Smiling devilishly,nshe nodded. \"Aye. I had a brother in law who was delivering anmessage to His Highness, only Duke Gareth's men got to him first.nPerhaps tomorrow we could venture to the spot where your lovelynfather placed his head on a stake?\" There was a hate in her eyes asnshe stared at me, her knife digging harder and harder into the meat.nI was at a loss for words. Marjorie nearly chokednon her food, and the Bruce, who had been talking to the men earlier,noverheard. \"Stephen, perhaps ye could see to it that the LadynMcCulloch makes it to her quarters, aye? She's had a tiring day.\" The rest of the dinnernwas fine. I listened as the men talked of this and that, nothingnserious in front of me. Marjorie, before retiring to her own chambersngave me a quick squeeze of the hand. \"I ken you ain't yer father.nI've learned to give people the benefit of the doubt, and I dinnansee evil in ye, though my kinsmen might. Dinna worry, my father'sngoin to let ye go, when the time is right.\" I went to bed thatnnight, and dreamed of rising water. I was never alone overnthe next few weeks at Dumbarton. The main hulk of the army stayed innthe village outside, while the rest of them were unknown to me.nRobert the Bruce came and went so often even his own daughter did notnknow when he was there. I was told I could do as I wish on thengrounds of the castle, though an escort would always accompany me.nFor the first few days I tried staying inside in the spinning andnweaving rooms with the other ladies as they sewed; but that did notnlast long, especially since Sibhoiun made every attempt to make menfeel as much an outsider as possible. Marjorie maintained her cordialnnature to me, though underneath I'm sure she was trying tonascertain my character. I did not blame any of them. I was annoutsider, and by their right they should despise me for the mere factnthat I am English. Knowing I needed to escape their prying eyes, Intried seeing if the world outside the castle was a little lessnhostile. I visited the gardens with Bree, and sometimes watched thenmen practice honing their weaponry skills in the courtyard. I leaned against thenfence as two large men battled each other, one using his axe; thenother, his sword. The man with the axe was rounder than the other.nAbove his left eye was a scar that ran practically three inches downninto his nose. Within a minute he had easily blocked a blow andnstruck hard down on his opponent, knocking the sword clean off hisnhand. Applause went up, and the next two hopped the fence to beginntheir practice. \"Good, I see you got a front row seat for this finenexhibition of swordsmanship\" a familiar voice whispered in my earnas he swung himself over the fence to begin. He grinned widely at menas he unsheathed his weapon and faced a large, red bearded man. I rolled my eyes, andnhoped he saw. My attention returned to the red head, whose own eyesnlooked intently at his opponent as he readied himself. He lookednstrangely familiar. Patrick cracked his neck as he began circling thenolder man, his feet bouncing back and forth in play. \"Come on, Hamish,nknock the wee bairn out!\" Someone called from behind me. The red head chuckled,nand initiated the first blow, striking hard and fast at Patrick.nPatrick easily deflected the blow, and parried back, shifting hisnweight onto the back foot. Hamish lunged once more, this time withnmuch more force. Patrick, unable to both block and keep his balance,ntripped onto his buttocks, but rolled out of the way of the oncomingnsword. A little gasp emerged from my mouth as he barely deflected yetnanother blow; the older man coming hard and fast on him. Hitting thenfence in front of me, he quickly looked back, gave me a wink; andnchanged his strategy. Taking on the offensive, he lunged forward,nstriking low. Hamish blocked it, but not before Patrick landed hisnfist on the man's cheek. A wave of laughter went through the crowd,nas Patrick's smile soon vanished as Hamish threw away his sword andngrabbed hold of the young lad round his chest, his arms unable to donanything with his sword while he was in Hamish's lock. After a fewnseconds, Hamish relaxed his grip slightly; enough time for Patrick tondig his foot into his opponent's leg. The grip loosened, andnPatrick punched him again in the face; the older man falling backwardnonto his rump. Applause once morensounded. Patrick extended his hand out, and Hamish took it, mumblingnsomething under his breath as he wiped the small ounce of blood onnhis lip. Bree shook her head asnthe crowd retired back into the village. It was sundown, and after anhard days work many of the men went into the village for a pint ofnale. \"Pig brained, thenlot of em. Will drink themselves silly tonight, you ken bet\" shenstated, heading back towards the castle. \"Bree, may we goninto the village tonight?\" I boldly asked. She sighed, knowingnsooner or later I would ask. \"You know it wouldnando any good. They know you're an outsider, and without the Brucenthere to quiet em, ye'll be called ghastly names or worse, milady.\" I shrugged. \"It'snnot much better inside, I can tell you that. Besides, I have you tonprotect me\" I smiled sweetly, begging with my eyes she would allownme some leisure. Sighing loudly, shenbit her lower lip. \"If ye get into a squabble, I'll not be thenone to tell the King you got yerself killed.\" \"Then let's notnmention it to anyone. I'll wear a cloak, see?\" I said, putting anhood over my head. Branwain looked around, making sure there were nonguards in sight. \"Half an hour. Watchnthe locals, talk to no one, and I'll buy the drinks\". \"Yes ma'am\" Inexclaimed, grinning widely.[Chapter 3] This is a pretty long chapter, hopefully you will like. Feedback appreciated. Disclaimer: I own Aris, Patrick, Bree, and a few others, but def. not Wallace, Robert the Bruce, or the movie. I've mixed in some historical facts with fiction, and the language is definately a bit modern day, just to warn you. Enjoy! Someday chap 3 The night was crisp as the sun set, and much jolly could be heard from the pub in the village square. Men were gambling, dancing, drinking, and singing; as the wenches and village girls giggled with amusement. Amidst the rowdiness Bree went to fetch us some ale as I sat down at the nearest table outside. The wind was not as harsh as the nights before, though it was well into winter. Before she could scold, I took off my hood to enjoy the scenes around me. At the next table I watched as an elderly fellow regaled his comrades with tales of old. The young Scots around him, none over seventeen; stared with wide eyes as he recounted the glorious days of battle. I doubt it is ever that romantic, I thought to myself, just as a young chap sat his bum down at the seat next to me. \"Buy ye a drink, lass?\" he grinned, gulping down his pint. I shook my head, smiling, and turned around. He tapped me on the shoulder, asking once more in Gaelic, or so I assumed. Again I smiled, not wanting to make a big deal of it, and shook my head, pointing to Bree as she came with our drinks. Bree shot me a look as the man got up and let her sit beside me. \"This is a bad idea, milady\" she whispered. I gratefully began chugging the cup. \"Honestly, Branwain. If I'm stuck here I might as well enjoy it while I'm allowed to.\" A few of the older men brought their instruments out and began playing, much to the delight of the whooping soldiers. Every female present ran up to the men and began dancing. I laughed and clapped along as Bree was chosen by a handsome young bloke dressed in his family kilt and tunic. He forced her out of the chair and whipped her into the middle of the dancing, as I giggled with delight. \"May I have the pleasure?\" a familiar voice sounded in my ear. \"You're vainer than I thought to assume I would dance with my betrayer and captor\" I huffed, avoiding his gaze. Even though I wasn't looking I knew he was showing off that devilish grin. \"Ye shouldn't be here, you ken\" he stated, turning my chin to face him. His hand was rough but warm. \"I might just have to tell the Bruce ye should be confined to ye quarters…\" \"You would not dare\". \"Aye, I would dare…that is…unless ye care for a dance?\" He winked at me, and extended his hand. I looked over at Bree, who was laughing as her partner swung her around merrily. \"Alright, fine.\" I caved, taking his hand. His eyes sparkled with victory. He began swaying me to and fro, not at all dancing like he did that night of the beseeching. This time there was a looseness the English knew not how to exhibit. I tried keeping up, his strong arms not letting me fall. I even managed a slight chuckle every couple of steps at the silliness of it all. After a few songs my legs grew weak, and as if he knew, Patrick walked me off the dance floor and bade me sit at one of the tables. I obliged, carefully noting a few nasty glances from the wenches. Perhaps Patrick was a popular fellow among the women here. He was charming enough, what with his head dipped in vanity. \"Are ye enjoying yerself, then?\" he asked as I realized my mouth had not stopped smiling. Forgetting my pride, I nodded. \"I suppose I am. I'm afraid it's not this lively in England.\" Thinking back to the last couple of parties I had been, they seemed quite a droll. Granted my gowns had been quite more refined, I did think this looser style red dress a bit healthier to my ribcage at the moment. \"Aye, I ken. I've traveled there a few times meself.\" To this I raised an eyebrow. \"Is that how you acquired an English accent?\" He cackled and pushed the loose brown curls out of his eyes. \" Beus na tuath, far am bithear se nithear \" he said softly, taking another gulp of his ale. \"Praytell what does that mean?\" I asked, raising an eyebrow. He stared at me, his blue eyes accenting his dark features. \"The manners of the folk where thou art, thou must adopt.\" I nodded in understanding. \"You are a mysterious man, Patrick. I don't even know your last name.\" Cracking his fist, he motioned for the waitress to bring him whiskey. \"You never asked. Campbell. Anything else you wish to know of me? I'm an honest man, Lady Aris. I would never tell a lie to you\" he said slyly, knowing what I would retort. \"I suppose being the Cousin of the Earl of Henshire does not count as a lie?\". Seeing that he was cornered, he bowed his head. \"Aye, ye got me there, lass. But that was to protect my kinsmen. And its not an absolute false. I am cousin to the Earl of Henshire's wife's sister's husband, Brian Belloch. But if it makes ye feel any better, I'll swear now that I will always be honest with ye, Lady Aris of Perth. Well, perhaps not Perth anymore...\" he shyed off. I shook my head. \"That indeed I am not.\" A hint of sadness overcame me as I dwelled on the idea that I was homeless. And soon I would be sent back to my father, to be once more wed off to the nearest suitor. A new thought struck me. \"I take it the reason I have not yet been entitled to return to England is because Robert the Bruce is preparing terms for my ransom. That is it, isn't it Patrick? My ransom could certainly pay for part of the campaign against King Edward II. I'm the daughter of a wealthy Duke with close ties to His Majesty\" I stated without malice. The veil of charm he had been using suddenly lifted as his face fell. \"Aye\" was all he could muster to say. I looked around at the common folk around me. All had hope that tomorrow would bring about the rise of their king and the fall of King Edward II. Their sons and fathers were fighting for freedom against tyranny, bleeding for a taste of what my own kin feel. Back in England, my father could not add to their oppression. But he could add to mine. I couldn't go back. Nor could I stay, because here I was an outsider. This was not my fight. Once I returned I knew there would be no escape. I needed to plan accordingly, when half the Scottish army wasn't around. Lost in my thoughts, I did not realize Patrick had said something to me. \"Sorry?\" He took a shot of whiskey and sighed. \"I said ye dinna need to worry. I promise I'll get you back to your family.\" I didn't say anything, I could only feel the rise of my stomach at his words. Suddenly I noticed Bree walking this way, her hair frizzy from dancing. \"It's getting late, milady\" she said, composing herself as one of her eyes drifted off to look at the man who had been flirting with her. Patrick nodded to both of us and bid us goodnight. As he walked away, she giggled slightly. \"You certainly can choose em, miss.\" I turned to face her as we started the journey back. \"Excuse me?\" I mumbled, weariness taking over my body as I pulled the hood of the cloak over my head. \"Lord Campbell. He was just named chieftain of clan Campbell not two months before you were taken. His older brother was killed by a band of English soldiers, who ambushed them in the middle of the night...the cowards... I'd best watch wha' I ate from now on, milady. Almost all the single ladies have an eye on him, and half the married ones too. Ye should have heard what the girls were saying earlier about ye...\" she stared off, shaking her head in shock. \"I thought they hated me because I was English?\" I asked with a grin, curious to see how similar Scots ladies were to the English courtiers in London; both loved gossip and drama. \"That doesna help either, but if the chieftain was to choose an outsider like ye for his wife, there goes their chances of a decent marriage.\" I laughed whole heartedly. \"They're that worried, are they? Well, please be so kind as to inform them I have no interest in Lord Campbell, or any other Scot on this god forsaken land. You above all know I refuse to be controlled by any man at all, and a stubborn, hairy, bloody Scot no less?\" Seeing who I was talking to, I apoligized. \"You know what I mean, Branwain.\" Bree smiled as we finally made our way up the steps and into our chambers on the east corridor. \"Dinna worry. Just rest; I'm almost positive this will all be over for ye soon enough\". But it wasn't. A few more weeks went by, with no orders from the Bruce to send me anywhere. He had been gone for ten days, north into the mountains to what purpose I know not. I did what I could inside the castle, proving to be far more able in servants work than noblewomens. I didn't mind; I tried to avoid the ladies of the castle as much as possible. I spent my days helping the head stablehand and the gardners. Planting and learning about herbs and their healing powers was much more satisfying than spinning a loom with ladies who wanted me dead. Some days Branwain even took me into the village as she ran errands for the castle staff; buying local fruits and meat, examining the woven cloths, visiting the village healer for fresh supplies. The army had been moved a mile north of the castle, because as it were they were exhausting the locals with their demands of food and clothing. After a few days rain subsided, I thought it the perfect opportunity to go for a ride into the hills. The weather had become slightly warmer, though a thick cloak was still needed in order for me not to freeze to death. Branwain, however, was feeling quite against it. \"Fine, I'll go by myself\" I retorted after she shook her head. Rolling her eyes, she caught me by the arm. \"Beggin yer ladyship's pardon, but I do believe your not allowed to go off by your wee self\" she stated, trying to hide a small smirk. \"Och, she dinna need to be alone. I'm up for the challenge\" Patrick stated, walking out of the shadows. He had that uncanny ability to walk up at the worst possible time. I did not say anything to him. I simply looked back at Bree, whose smile was now unmistakable. \"Well, then I guess you'll get yer wish there\" she said. I shot her a nasty look. \"Bree!\" She shrugged and began to walk away. Turning around, I could see that Patrick was not wise enough to hide his own grin. \"Perhaps I'm not feeling up for it anymore\" I stated cheekily. He grabbed my hand forcefully and began making his way down the steps to the courtyard outside. \"Nay, I'm sure you'll love a good view of the countryside. I'll show ye the best trails.\" Thinking there could be worse things to do, I stopped squirming and let him lead me into the stables, where two horses were being tacted for us. Swinging myself up into the saddle, I let my hand brush the soft caramel colored hairs of my mare, soothing her as I took the reins. Patrick's gelding was a good hand taller than mine, and was all black as night itself. \"Ready?\" I looked down and noticed he carried nothing but a small dirk. He was not anticipating any trouble along the way. I nodded, and off we went. For a while we simply cantered along the trails, past the village and the fields until after about half an hour later he began to slow as the fields turned upward with an army of trees before us. It was then that he started chatting. \"Ye dinna need to sulk, milady. Look around ye! Not a finer sight in all of Scotland!\" he waved his arms up as his gelding walked on, my eyes surveying the land around me. Granted he was right, it was quite beautiful. There was a slight breeze in the air, cooling my skin. We had reached a clearing in the mountain, where miles upon miles of land could be seen, tracing its way off into the horizon with no end in sight. It looked peaceful, free even. Like no one could hold you back. It felt good. He watched me as I looked foward, lost in my own thoughts. A new idea had struck me, though it scared me to even think it. He and I were alone. I had no belongings; money would be a problem, but I had my wits as a resource. I would have a good half day start on Bruce's men by the time they had found out I was gone. But Patrick...how could I get away? This was my chance, I knew it. Once I was taken to my father, there would be no escape. Here, there was all sorts of possibilites. I could find my way to the nearest sea port, and perhaps head to Ireland. I could go southeast to Paris, where I knew my cousin would give me shelter for a time. Or I could stay. That idea made my heart stop. Could I? The land itself was beautiful...and my time in the village had left me with a sense of hope of what could be. But I was an outsider. I stood up straighter on my mare. No, I had no reason to stay. And if I was to leave, it had to be now. \"I dinna think there could be a deeper furrow in your brow, lass\" he stated, waking me from my thoughts. I finally turned to face him. \"Hmm? Oh...yes...well...yes. Its quite pretty.\" He grinned, and began walking his horse uphill once more. Earlier on I had trailed him, but now the makeshift road was big enough for both our horses to ride side by side. The band holding his locks together had fallen off, leaving his brown curls bouncing at his shoulder. He wore a simple tunic and breeches, nothing stating that he was Lord of anything. \"It must have been rough to lose your brother, Lord Campbell\" I said, shifting the conversation to a more serious tone. He stopped grinning and bit his lower lip, caught completely unexpected. \"Aye. I never wanted to be laird of my home land...it was my brother Angus that deserved it. But now here I am, a noble, sending off my men to fight against your king...hoping I dinna have to bring their bodies home to their wives and children.\" He was being open and honest with me, and for once I had nothing to retort. He did not look at me. He kept his eyes forward and focused, almost as if I wasn't there anymore, and he was simply talking to the rocks and trees around that listened. \"Tis strange. When I was a boy I always envisioned myself riding alongside Wallace, having adventures with my friends as we set off to free Scotland from tyranny. Now...being in charge of so many...I feel so responsible. I suppose I understand now more than ever why my father opposed siding with Wallace...he did not want the deaths of his men on his heart.\" Hearing that name I was once more reminded of that day so long ago. His eyes...that passion so raw. \"Your father opposed William Wallace? I can understand his concerns, but is not freedom worth any price?\" His whole body tensed. \"This coming from an English lass...I'm beginning to think you actually sympathize with our cause, milady\". He was avoiding my question, that was plain. In fact, his whole face had flushed when his father was mentioned. I shrugged. \"One can wonder\" was all I replied. His eyes flickered, contemplative. Soon we came upon a rocky patch, and Patrick jumped down from his horse. \"There's a stream nearby. See those yon trees there? Fetch some wood while I catch us some lunch. I'm famished and it'll be a long ways back if we wish to reach the castle by nightfall.\" He began to make his way out of sight. My whole body shook. This was it. It was my one chance to get away. Images of my family flashed through my head; of father's cruelty and greed, of my sister's coldness to me the day after her wedding. I could feel a tear starting to fall down my left cheek. I'm sorry Patrick , I whispered to the wind, my companion long out of range. As swiftly as I could, before I could dwell on any more thoughts, I saddled my horse and swung myself onto its back. Looking left and right, the tall Highlander was no where to be found. I kicked my heel into the mare's side. I was a prisoner no longer. I rode straight into the night, as fast as I could kick and as long as my bum could stand. It was dawn before I finally made it over the mountains and through the passing. West was my only chance to a sea port. I knew it would take nearly a week to reach the sea, but hopefully Bruce's men would assume I would venture south, back to England and my family. The night was colder than I expected, and the wind made its way through my cloak and onto my skin, stabbing me with its fierceness. It was March, and still very cold at night in Scotland. I tried not to think about the cold and the soreness of my rear as I rode. I was intent on getting as far from Patrick as possible. Hopefully he would just let me go. The morning dew left me feeling tired and wet, my whole body shaking from the chilly air plastering itself on my skin. My lips were chapped, cracked to the point where the bottom part had started to bleed slightly. It was a miserable feeling, but at the same time, I couldn't help but smile. I had made it. Whether it was luck or not, just as my horse was about to break down, I found a small cave to rest for awhile. I pulled the few oats I had brought and gave it to my mare, who greddily chomped it down. Not caring that I was filthy and fully clothed, I crawled inside and let my eyes close. I could not tell how much time had passed when I was awakened by the skitterish whinnying of my mare. I shot up, my head pounding. Sniffing, I rubbed my eyes as I heard the whiny again. Peeking out, my body froze as I saw two ruff looking men make their way cautiously toward the horse. \"Quiet, there, lassie\" one mumbled to the horse, who in return stomped her legs wildly as they tried grabbing the reins I had tied to a tree nearby. The other man laughed, but looked my direction. I quickly ducked my head back into the rock. \"Oi! Morris, I dinna think we be alone here!\" he stated, and soon I heard leaves rustling as footsteps approached. Sighing, I closed my eyes, willing myself to breathe. \"Best come out of there, before we force you out.\" Knowing there was nothing I could do, i followed orders. The other fellow grabbed my arm and sharply pinned me to the rock. \"She's a right bonnie lass, Malcom. Perhaps we'll be getting more than a fine horse today...\" he said, sniffing my hair. I used what strength I could with my other arm to smack him right across the cheek, his grip on my slightening. He reeked of ale and grime, his hair unkept and his clothes torn. They were raiders. \"Eh, leave her be. I've a daughter her age; she isna me type- too thin\" the man named Malcom stated, looking me up and down. \"And fiesty\" he added as I tried to smack Morris again. This time he gripped me so hard I couldn't help but whimper a bit. \"Mmmphmm, skinny she may be, but ripe none the less. You go on ahead with the horse. I'll entertain our host a bit longer\". The older man shrugged. \"Suit yerself. I'll not get mixed up with it. Don't be too rough with her, she doesna look like she could handle ye well.\" Hearing these words made my muscles jolt alive with anger and fear. Morris pushed me hard up against the rock as Malcom rode away with my horse. I kicked him, hard. He yelped, but soon recovered, hitting me square on the cheek. \"No!\" I screamed, biting into his arm. This made him loose his grip once more, and I kicked again, this time enough to make him falter. I broke out in a run, but the man was fast. He tackled me to the ground, forcing my legs apart. I slapped him again, and turned around to run. Something hard hit the back of my head, and once more I was down on the ground, dazed. \"There now. Yer a wee sprite, arent ye?\" he said, turning me over on my back. I tried keeping my eyes open, I was only dazed for a moment, but it was enough to give him back the power. I shook my head in pleading, having no strength left in my body to fight. He kissed my neck as he began taking off his breeches. I closed my eyes. \"Ahhh!\" he screamed, taking his hands off my body. He turned to face another person, who had pushed him off of me. My vision returned. \"Patrick?\" I whispered, as the Scotsmen faced each other. Patrick took out his dirk and aimed it at Morris. Morris lunged forward. Patrick pivoted left, wrapping his right arm around Morris' neck. He took his other hand and placed it on Morris' head, and twisted. I heard the loud crack and screamed as my attacker's body hit the ground. I sat up, hugging my legs close to my face. Patrick stood there, breathing hard down at the dead man. Sense returned to him, and those eyes focused now on me. I bit my lower lip, unsure of what to do. He ebtn down to me, his hand touching my face, examining the spot where the raider had hit me. \"Are you alright?\" he asked earnestly, his face just inches from mine. I stared back at him for a moment. Then I placed my arms on his back, crying into his shoulder. His large arms wrapped around my back, his left hand stroking my head. He mumbled something softly in Gaelic, and forced me to look at him again. \"Do ye ken what you've done?\" he asked, his tone a mixture of anger and fear. Both his hands were on my cheeks, forcing me to stare back at him. \"I-I'm sorry Patrick. You don't know-\" Knowing now that I wasn't hurt, he took his hands off me and stood up. I did as well. He placed his arms on his side, pacing back and forth with a look of sheer disappointment. \"I've been assigned to keep you safe. I've been told to babysit ye while my men go off to the next raid on the English without me! Christ, do ye realize I've wasted a whole day worrying to God no harm had come to ye, all the while wanting to strangle ye myself for betraying my trust and leaving? Do you realize?! No! Because your a selfish, ignorant wee wench!\" he yelled, his arms flailing up. My own mixture of rage and fear was rising. Not two minutes before I was fearing for my life, and now I was being accused of being selfish for wanting to escape. \"You think I had the choice to be your prisoner?! I betrayed your trust? You took away my home, my family...\" He laughed and yelled something profane in Gaelic. \"Your family? You mean that bastard father who kills many of my kin for sport, rapes my women for pleasure, and has a heart of stone? That family?\" I now noticed he himself had a flicker of a tear at the corner of his eye, though i knew he would never let it fall. He was a Scot. \"So you blame me for my father's mistakes? You think I want to go back? You think I want to be ransomed back to a man I deplore as much as you, only to be sent off to the first husband that comes knocking? I left so that I may be free of his tyranny...free of all men's autocracy! I left because there is no one I can trust, no one who will understand! I'm sorry if I'm responsible for you being away from your men. But perhaps you should blame your damn king, and not me. I am not responsible for this war, and I refused to be blamed for it!\" The furrow in his brow lessoned, as some sort of realization dawned on him. \"I'm not blaming ye for the damn war-\" \"Just say it! I…am…pathetic. I let him do it! I let him rape her! I let him torture all those people! I did nothing, and therefore I am worse than him!\" The tears were readily flowing at a rapid pace. I hugged myself and stepped back a few paces from him. Confusion marked his face, the blue eyes staring into the depth of my soul. I wanted him to stop doing that. It was like he could see me…not as everyone else saw me. \"What are ye talking about, I never…och! You blame yerself? Christ, lass, you never fail to astound me. You honestly think you are to blame for your father's sins?\" \"I can't go back. I won't. I won't.\" I said, shaking my head like an upset child. He embraced me once more, this time squeezing me harder. \"Your safe\" he whispered. My face fell on his chest. I could distinctly smell the musk of man and sap. I looked up at him and found he was watching me. I opened my mouth, but no words could come out. I had hurt him by leaving, and that I could see plainly. But why did he care so much? \"Don't look at me like that, Aris.\" It was the first time he had said my name. I closed my eyes and put my lips on his. It tasted of honeysuckles, moist and rich. He pulled away quickly. \"Christ, I dinna ken whether to tan yer hide for leaving or to take yer body, for I have wanted you for a long time, lass\" he stated bluntly. This time he kissed me, with much more force. He let his lips wander along my neck and face, each time I found myself gasping for air. He let go again. \"I think I'll go with the latter, if it pleases ye.\" I let myself smile, and kissed him hard on the lips. My fingers began lifting his shirt, and to my surprise I found myself staring at a chest hard and lean, with one large scar ranging from his left breastbone down to his lower ribcage. I let my fingers trace their way along it, my hands cool against his warm skin. Our foreheads touched, his rich curly hair stroking my cheeks. A sensation I had never felt came over me, and it scared me, scared me worse than the near-rape encounter. Reason took over me, and I pulled away. \"I'm sorry. I'm so sorry…I can't. Not here, not now.\" His breath was rapid and loud, and his lips still close to mine. But he was more restrained than I thought. His grip on me lessoned. \"It's alright, lass. Ye've been through a lot today, and it hasna helped with my ramblings.\" He tried to force a smile. \"Can I trust ye to come back with me? I'll talk to the Bruce…I won't let him send ye back…not to that monster.\" I looked up at him. \"I'll give you my trust, Patrick Campbell.\" I tried to smile. \"I suppose you don't hate me then, do you?\"[Chapter 4] I know its been awhile since I've written anything, but summer's here, and so I have more time to focus on it. I am indeed infatuated with this story, so hope you enjoy! I love reviews, even if they are bad or just helpful. Disclaimer: I dont own braveheart, but Aris, Bree, and Patrick are mine. Muahahah. Chapter 4 A few days later I was summoned to the Bruce's study, since the king had returned the night before. I had not seen him arrive, but could hear the various servants scuttling all night trying to prepare rooms for the king and his closest men at arms. Bree brushed me into the rather large room, shutting the door behind her. Looking around, I was enclosed by stacks upon stacks of books, maps, charts, and scrolls. A large desk lay before me, and behind a mound of papers sat the Bruce, busily writing away on a piece of parchment, as if he had not heard me knock. I cleared my throat. Finishing his sentence, he looked up. \"I can see your time hear has done ye well, lass. You're face has a bit of color back. And the food has done ye well, I gather.\" Hoping that was supposed to be a compliment to my body and not an insult in disguise, I simply nodded. What is this about? My eyes asked. As if hearing me, he folded his hands and sighed. \"I received a letter from your father.\" He paused, looking for some sort of nonverbal response from me. I gave none. He continued, \"I willna go into all the names he chooses to call me, but it did state that he desired to have you back. It seems he will be very generous to our campaign if we brought you back…undefiled.\" At this I snorted and he raised his left eyebrow. \"Please rest assured that in one week, I will reunite ye with yer father, in Edinburgh. You have indeed been a most obedient…guest\". I suppose Patrick never told him about my attempt at escaping. Taking a deep breath, I began. \"Your Highness. I thank you for your hospitality, and please understand that I have sympathy for your cause. But I will not return to that man. The only reason he would ever pay my ransom is certainly not for my well being. He only wants me back because I am his property. It is his pride that wills me back; and believe me, once I am in his hands, he will exhort every available resource to hunt you down. He does not believe in the rules of war. Whoever you send as my escort will be executed, even if you come under a banner of truce. I will not go back.\" I had stood straight, with my eyes staring intensely into his. He did the same. He blinked, taking a moment to look down once more on the parchment in front of him. I realized my heart was beating fast, and my breathing loud. \"I am a man of my word, Lady Aris. I gave him my word I would see you safe back to him.\" \"Perhaps I am not making myself clear. No matter how much money he gives you, he will use twice as much to see your head on a plate. He is in close confidence with the king. And let's face it, I am a liability. I know your troop numbers, the land, and your camp locations. Is it wise to send me off to the enemy so that I can tell them all I know?\" To this he smirked. \"My lady, you are making a very good argument to have you killed. Luckily I know, you have said it yourself, you are sympathetic to our cause. Your servant Branwain has confirmed your loyalty and your own hatred toward Duke Gareth.\" \"Then why would you have me returned to him? Is your heart so cold it only cares for money?\" I asked, my voice rising by the second. The Bruce stayed calm and collected, still giving me a bemused smirk. \"My heart cares only in protecting my people.\" \"And I am an outsider.\" He sighed, and took a sip from his nearby wine glass. \"Branwain!\" he called loudly. The door opened, and in walked my servant, a slight smile plastered on her face. My blood was boiling, and my respect for this man was steadily declining. The king took another sip, and rose from his chair. \"I must say, at first I did not believe you Branwain, but now that I've had a good chat, I'm inclined to agree.\" Narrowing my eyes, I looked from one to the other. The king turned his gaze back to me, and lightly put his left hand on my shoulder. \"I have already heard of your plight. And while I agree the best thing to do would be to let you wander off into the world alone to delight in yer own happiness, I possess a different proposal.\" His face was dead serious, and I found myself biting the lower half of my chapped lip. His eyes softened, but he kept his hand on my shoulder, a look of desperation on his face. \"You are an outsider, as you say. But I have such need of ye. If ye would consent, I have a proposal that will ultimately grant you freedom and money to go your own way. But it is dangerous, and it requires stealth and a strong ability to lie. It also requires me to trust you. And trust is something I find difficult to do.\" I was beginning to see, and I looked over at Bree, who was no longer smiling. As if knowing my thoughts, she nodded. \"You wish me to spy, don't you?\" I asked, the words coming out as a whisper. The Bruce blinked, and slowly nodded. \"I have spent many nights pondering our situation. As you stated earlier, you know a great many things about my army. And I know of your father's pride and vengeance, I have seen its effects on my countrymen. If I do not send ye back, I will have shamed my word and lost the ransom money that, I admit, we could use. Believe me, I did not realize in taking you here how troublesome you would become.\" His accent, sometimes thick and harsh in the Scots tongue, was beginning to lesson as he spoke. At his frankness I risked a grin, and could see him relax. \"The easiest solution would be to let you go. But I am a man that likes to find the best in any situation. And Branwain told me you once promised her that you would not let the sufferings of our people endure anymore at the hands of your father.\" At this my mind replayed the day Bree had come to me crying, her sister raped by Duke Gareth by right of prima nocte . \"I know that there is much danger in this. You obviously would rather eat pig shit than return to your father. But I promise, you will be well compensated, and I will do my best to have you evacuated as soon as you think necessary. It is harder than you realize for me to ask this of you. I have seen the face of a man betrayed, and it is not something I ever want to experience again. If you do not agree, I will release you to Argsdune, the closest seaport. But I canna help you anymore.\" The three of us stood silent, my mind deep in thought. Images flashed before my eyes; terrible things I had witnessed my father do. But soon a face appeared; one almost out of a dream of long ago. His eyes stared right into my soul, and words came back, words that seemed to echo outside of time: \" You have a long journey ahead…never run away from your problems. Embrace it, and fight for your liberty. Hiding only brings shame \". William. I lifted my head, and reality came back. Bree and the king were both staring at me, awaiting an answer. A shiver ran down my spine, as I could hear the rain begin to patter outside. \"I will do as you ask. Not out of vengeance against my father, but because I know what it is like to fight for freedom. And it would be nice to see someone get it for a change\" I stated, with a hint of a smile. The king did not smile back, but simply nodded. \"I was hoping you would say that. Branwain?\" Bree nodded, and went out of the room, returning shortly with the king's sword. Nervousness hit me like a rock. Robert the Bruce took the sword, turning it slightly as he gazed intensely at its hilt. Instinct told me to kneel, and with one leg on the ground, I felt the sword on my back. \"Do you swear by your word as your bond, fealty to Roibert a Briuis, great grandson of David I, rule of Scotland, and take him as your king? Do you swear to protect and honor the lord and his country against those who would wish to seize and destroy it?\" Recognizing an oath of fealty, I clasped my hands together and recited, \"I, Lady Aris Cassandra Elaine Tailur, promise on my faith that I will in the future be loyal to the lord, never cause him harm and will observe my homage to him completely against all persons in good faith and without deceit\". He lifted his sword, and, helping me stand, clasped his hand to mine, the oath complete through the fluidity of two bodies molding together. \"No one will know of your purpose, save myself and Branwain. I have yet to find the English spies within my army, and therefore no one must know of your allegiance to me. Branwain will accompany you to Edinburgh and will continue to be used as your servant, obtaining information you cannot and bringing your letters to my messengers, since it might be too dangerous to have you do so.\" \"No\", I stated, with all sincerity. They both raised their brows in question. \"Bree cannot go with me. My father would have her killed immediately. He would not take any chances\". \"Milady, I will not have you go without-\" \"Silence, Branwain\" the king stated, holding out his hand. He nodded at me. \"I agree, your father is renown for his ability to smell a rat. You will have to stay.\" \"That was not part of the plan….your Majesty\" she added, almost forgetting who she was talking to. I smiled at my longtime friend and grasped both her small but rough hands. \"It's all right, Bree. I can do this…at least, I suppose I'll try. There is no alternative that involves less danger, so I might as well make something good come out of it, eh?\" She did not smile back, and instead gave the closest thing she could to a pout, which involved a slight narrowing of the brow and lifting on the eyes. I stood a good hand taller than her; I was taller than most girls, standing at five foot eight. Knowing there was naught much else to say, she mumbled something about cleaning my sheets and set off, leaving me alone with the Scottish king once more. My king, I suppose. \"You have a gift, Lady Tailur.\" I sighed, facing away from him and running my fingers absentmindedly through the shelf of books. Catullus, Horace, Livy. A fan of the classics, the Bruce was. \"For being stubborn?\" I joked. \"Mmmphm. That too. But nay, I was implyin' your gift as a leader. 'Tis a rare ability to get others to follow ye into danger.\" Ignoring his comment, I examined the top shelf, my hand reaching for one book in particular, and I handed it to my king. Seeing what it was, he allowed his upper lip to curve slightly as his eyes shifted back to me. \"The Historia Regum Britanniae ? A fan of Geoffrey of Monmouth, I see.\" \"I find him both dull and stiff in his accounts, even though the subjects themselves are fascinating\". \"Aye. Then perhaps ye would do best with a more romantic tale of Arthur? Have ye read Chretien de Troyes, then? I take it a bonny lass like yerself learned French as well as Latin?\" I smiled, reminiscing the many days I had escaped my etiquette tutors to lay outside on the grass in Perth, a book buried in my face. \"Perhaps you think it's silly…liking Guinevere and Tristan and Isolde and such.\" \"Rather the contrary, it explains a lot, lass.\" A brow lifted itself in question, as he gently put the book back into my hand. \"Heroic tales of Briton battling the invading Roman Empire and later Saxons…I suppose that's part of why a noblewoman such as yerself would have sympathy for our cause.\" Looking into his eyes, I could see him searching me, willing to find an answer. He still didn't completely trust me. But that was to be expected. He sighed, and returned to his chair. \"Take the book, if ye like. You shall leave in a few days.\" It was a sign to exit, and I took it, making sure to curtsy before I left. The next few days I kept myself busy in the kitchen, and sometimes the garden, planting herbs for spring. I would not allow myself to think of Patrick, and I ignored him whenever possible. It was a chilly March, and I had carefully placed a pair of breeches under my dress to keep my legs warm as I worked outside. Apparently the whole army was moving out the same time I was leaving, and no one was without job and purpose. After a long day of listening to the rotund housemaid bark orders to her inferiors, I was delighted to find Bree placing a hot coal pan under my sheets. She gave me a sly smile. \"I see Mrs. Dumfries set you to work today\", she commented. I jumped on the bed, my body sinking into the many layers of sheets in pure ecstasy. \"That she did. Guest or spy, I suppose it does not matter I am a noblewoman here\". \"Not that a lass such as ye would mind hard labor…\" Bree mumbled. I let her undress the many strings that bound my corset together. In nothing but my shift, I burrowed myself under the covers, the coal pan already working its magic against the harsh night wind. March in Scotland was cruel against the skin. Many fell prey to its sicknesses, since there was so much outside work to be done to prepare for spring. I myself sniffled slightly. I looked to my right, and noticed a small bag carrying my things was packed. Reading my thoughts, Bree past the boundaries of servant relations, and sat on my bed beside me. \"I canna believe ye go back at sunrise\". Not wishing to see her face, I closed my eyes and placed my head on the soft pillow. \"Honestly, I'm doing my absolute best not to worry. Neither should you\", I lectured. Though I could not see, I could sense she was staring at me. \" An uair as laine 'n cupan, 's ann as dorr' a ghiulan\". Though I did not understand her words, they allowed me to drift into peaceful slumber, and for a moment, I forgot that tomorrow would come hell. As dawn approached, Bree awoke me to get changed and ready to leave. She did not know who would accompany me, only that I was to leave well before the army moved out. As I made my way out onto the courtyard, the first rays of light approached. Branwain handed me my small case of clothing. \"This is where I leave ye\". I embraced her as a sister, and she said something in Gaelic I was almost positive meant, 'Godspeed, my brave one'. I choked back words, for with any sound I knew would come tears, so instead I smiled, waving as I went out to meet the four horses saddled and ready to depart. Two of the men were already mounted. One was a young man I remembered seeing down at the village. He had to be no older than myself, but bore a mature face of one who had seen much of the world and its dangers. His skin was weathered and rough, but only his eyes gave reason for him to be near twenty. His name was Colum Murdock. The other man mounted was older, perhaps in his thirties. His ragged brown locks covered much of his face, giving him that ferocious warrior look that scared many English children at bedtime. The Irishman, Stephen. \"Lovely day to return to that sod faced father of yours, eh sassenach? I must admit I'm sad to see ye go, ye wee sprite. Ye were a pretty thing to look at. Still, I have the whole ride there to enjoy myself with ye\". Remembering that no one save Bree and the Bruce knew of my true motives, I rolled my eyes and went toward the third horse. As I mounted, the fourth rider emerged from the stable. Naturally, I knew who it was. He did not talk to me, nor look me in the eye. He simply mounted his horse, and kicked it gently. Colum followed, then myself, and last Stephen. As we rode away, I took one last look at the castle, and thought of all the inhabitants within. Marjorie had given me a small woven bracelet, stating she was happy not all Englishfolk were filthy brutes. 'Well, perhaps it's just the men' she said, and we both laughed. One of the gardeners, an elderly man by the name of Tallis, gave me several herbs to use as medicines against infections and fevers. He had appreciated my slight understanding of herbs, and I suppose I made quite an impression on him. For a few hours the four of us rode south in silence, sometimes trotting, and sometimes at a fast canter. The first time we stopped was towards midday. My bum was already sore. Taking out an apple from my sack, I sat down on the nearest log and began munching away as both Colum and Stephen went into the woods to relieve themselves. It was then that Patrick finally spoke. \"So ye've decided to go home then?\" he said nonchalantly, and I realized he was angry. I said nothing, and simply nodded. He nodded back. \"Aye, well…The Bruce came to me last night and told me I was to take ye home and bring back the ransom purse. He said ye had specific reasons for returning. Well?\" I looked at his disgruntled face, wondering how hard it would be to lie to him. Seeing I did not reply, he grabbed my arm, forcefully, and his fingers squeezed deep into the skin, making me wince. \"Did I not promise I would protect ye from him? And did ye not say ye would trust me?\" He let go, and I instinctly rubbed my arm. \"The reasons I go back are my own\". \"Are they now?\" he said in mockery, his hands firmly placed on his hips. \"And I suppose the Bruce did not entice ye with any promises. I know he wouldna threaten ye.\" \"You are truly a bloody stubborn…Scot, you know that? Always jumping to the worst conclusions…never wanting to see reason…\" \"Let me guess. The main reason ye would return to such a man is safety, right? Is it cowardice that makes ye crawl back to him?\" His voice was steadily rising, and I could feel my own anger bursting. \"You dare call me a coward?\" \"No, I call ye a liar. You said ye would rather die than go back, so what am I s'posed to think when ye won't give me an answer?\". \"What is there left for me here, Patrick?\" I yelled, my arms held out in exasperation. To this his eyes widened. \"Christ child, ye are daft. Did I not profess my own desire for ye not one week ago, when I saved ye from vagabonds on the road because ye disobeyed my orders?\" So that was it. I had hit a nerve in the Highland warrior. He was angry because I had most indeed reciprocated feelings of infatuation, and I had not bothered to tell him I was leaving. And I knew why. Because I knew it would be too painful to say goodbye. For all the Scottish brute he was, I had come to find the Highlander a calming friend in my chaotic life. But I had to let him go. I had a job to do, and girlish fantasies would not do, though at the moment I found myself aroused to his desire for me to stay. \"Your infatuation for me will end soon, and you can move on to the next girl as soon as I'm home in England. Perhaps Siobhan, she seems rather taken by you.\" I struggled to get out the words, picturing that cow's lips on his nearly made me want to do unspeakable things to her. He himself seemed taken aback by my words, and he narrowed his eyes, searching for me to betray my words. I held my ground. Out of my peripheral vision, I saw Colum and Stephen returning, two hares dangling on a rope. \"Lunch!\" Stephen called out to us. Patrick did not take his eyes away from me. Seeing his anger only made me more sorrowful of my mission. But he could not know. I could easily tell he would not allow it, though it was not his battle. Damn bloody Scot , I mentally said. And in silence we ate. We were three days ride north of Edinburgh. My stomach started to lurch. Gaelic proverb: When the cup is fullest it is most difficult to carry Sassenach: outsider. Yes, if the characters or plot seems familiar, I have recently been reading the Outlander series by Diana Gabaldon. It helps tremendously with writing accents, and I love love love the characters so much I cannot help it if they sound similar to my fav. outlander characters. But it is def. a different story, believe me.[Chapter 5] Okay, so Im going to try and get in a couple more chapters before school starts. Enjoy! Chapter 5 Patrick was insistent that we set up our own camp in the woods, outside nearby villages instead of staying at the local inns. Before I could even ask why, he answered for me. \"The duke knows we're sending ye back to him. That means other people know as well, so the likelihood of someone ambushing us is a bit higher than you may expect\". To this I nodded, and we kept riding at a steady pace; sometimes side by side in silence, other times single file. The first night we camped proved to be quite awkward. Stephen was ordered to accompany me when I needed to relieve myself. I found it rather unnerving, for when he said he was looking away, I distinctly heard a few short coughs that sounded a lot like cackling. I was told to sleep closest to the fire, and pretended to fall asleep instantly, since it was clear the men would not talk to me that night. It was strange; ever since our tiff on the road, Patrick pretended to act as if I was simply another errand to run. He cracked jokes with the other two, and blatantly ignored any small comments or questions I posed. Stephen raised his eyebrow once or twice, while the other boy simply didn't read into it, or pretended not to. The next day proved to be similar to the last, and since there was not much conversation to be had, I focused my mind on the task at hand, going over precisely what the Bruce had been training me for for the past week. Once reunited with my father, every two days I was to meet with one of His Majesty's spies. One was set in the butcher shop in Edinburgh. Another was situated in the English court, and the Bruce would not give me a name. \"He will reveal himself soon, and you will know\", the king stated with a glint of a playfulness in his eyes. I was to play the gossiping lady who delighted in being the center of attention. \"After all, ye were captured by devilish Scotsmen, so naturally everyone of importance will have you and yer father over for dinner parties\", the Bruce's words rang clearly in my head, and I beamed in remembrance. Yes, I knew court intrigue all too well. \"I do believe that's the first time I've seen tha' sweet smile for the past couple days, lass. Thinkin' of wha' me chest looks like without a shirt?\" Stephen provoked, riding to my right. We had slowed to a light trot, and my bum was feeling the full effects of it. I couldn't help but grin once more. He laughed. \"Nay, perhaps it's a lower region ye were imagining. Tonight I'll give ye a preview. Me balls are aching already, and we've another day's ride ahead\". Realizing how soon that was, I gulped in my nerves. \"Thank you, Stephen, but I'm sure my vision is not accurate enough to view such small packages\". Everyone, including the Irishman guffawed. Seeing Patrick glance behind to look at us with a grin made my heart leap. I certainly did not want to end our friendship, fragile as it was, on bad terms. That night Colum and Stephen included me in their banter as we sat by the fire eating our parritch, and together we gossiped about the women of Dumbarton. \"Mrs. Dumfries certainly is a commanding presence in the kitchen\" I generally stated, and Colum and Stephen eyed each other. \"And apparently the bedroom, too…\"Stephen whispered. \"Hamish recounted to me daily his sores after he took her to his chambers\". As the three of us laughed, I shook my head. The head castlemaid had been widowed for three years and was rumored to consort with Hamish, the Bruce's right hand man. \"Princess Marjorie is quite pretty, wouldn't you agree Colum?\" I asked, knowing he had a small crush on the lady. Sure enough, he cheeks almost immediately turned a bright red against the light of the fire, and he simply mumbled a \"yes'm\". Patrick, through all the banter, sat at the edge of camp, looking away from us. \"I think I'm in need of more water. I'll go to the stream to get it\" I stated. The stream was actually a very small lake, and was located about a quarter of a mile away. \"I'll go with you\" Patrick said, rising from his position against the tree. We walked in silence, and then, as soon as we were out of earshot from the others, he spoke. His eyes were a grayish blue, like the mist overtop the river when the sun first appears. \"Are ye sure this is what ye want? To return? I've been mulling it over all day. I can get ye safely to a seaport. Colum is of my clan, and Stephen willna stop us.\" Pausing to take a breath, he continued, but now his fingers lightly touched my arm. \"I'm sorry I yelled at you yesterday. But ye must understand it tears me inside to see that ruthless barbarian get ye back.\" His touch was warm and rough; the hands of a warrior. Trying desperately to keep control of my emotions, I backed away. The merest smell or touch of him made me want to wrap my arms around him and sob. But I couldn't. I had to stay strong. Keeping the mood as formal as possible, my voice did not falter. \"I accept your apology, milord\". For a moment he simply stared, his eyes searching with all their might for something to give me away. The moon shone brightly on him, and for the first time I noticed a small scar near his left ear. Seeing me stare, he gave up his search and touched the ear with his right hand. \"My brother, Angus…when I was seven he accidentally cut my ear when he was practicing with his dirk. The wee bugger wouldna let me play with him for two months…given the fact that my father tanned his hide.\" Lord Campbell smiled at the memory, no longer looking at me but at the ground. Knowing he was trying his best to be civil, I nodded, and pulled out my left arm. \"My sister struck me with a vase when I was ten. I had stolen her necklace, just for a few minutes to look at myself in the looking glass, mind you…and she lashed out. My mother simply sent both of us to our rooms, not wanting to deal with it. It was Bree that stitched it up.\" I don't know why I was telling him such useless anecdotes, but it seemed right. \"I was wondering where that line came from. Must ha' been a nasty thing to get the pieces out.\" I laughed. \"It was. But considering that's the only major wound I've ever suffered, I suppose I'm lucky. Well, apart from getting stabbed in the stables during a siege on my home\". I had meant it as a joke, but he did not smile. Once more his hand fell on my arm, and this time his fingers delicately traced the small scar line by my elbow. He was close, so close I could feel his breath on my shoulder. Instinctively I let my forehead touch his chest. His heartbeat was so loud. \"Yer a brave lass\" he whispered, and slowly I let my head rise to look up at him. He was a good foot taller than me, and he leaned down, closing his eyes. I should have resisted, but reason was easily flying away. The kiss was short and sweet. He tasted of spices from our broth. Before I could let him kiss me again, I placed my right hand on his hard chest. \"You must let me go, Patrick\". I heard him sigh deeply, almost to the point of letting out a groan of displeasure. I let my fingers lightly caress his pectoral muscles, which were tense. \"I wish you would trust me. It pains me to see you so angry\". I was being plain and honest, but I could not reveal my reasons. We were still inches away from each other, and upon looking down I could see a certain body part rise. He broke away from me in embarrassment. \"Aye…well. I suppose we should be getting' that water, eh?\" By nightfall on the fourth night, we had reached our destination. In the morning I was to be exchanged for the ransom at a clearing two miles away. Patrick volunteered to keep watch, in case the English knew we were nearby. A long time after Stephen and Colum drifted into noisy slumber, I approached my captor, my hands clinging to the wool cloak wrapped warmly around my shoulders. Placing a blanket around him, I sat to his right, leaning against a rock. He nodded his thanks, and sipped the tea from the mug Stephen had given him an hour before. \"I did not mean to call you a coward, Aris\". He rarely used my name, and whenever he did my heart flipped. \"The only reasonable conclusion I can come up with is that the Bruce has asked you to spy for us, and you have agreed\". Now he was looking at me, hoping to see the truth in my reaction. Hating that he had guessed correctly, I succumbed to honesty. \"I owe my father's victims that much\". At this, he actually grinned, but it was laced with frustration. \"You didna wish to say anything because you thought I would try and stop ye\" he stated. \"Though I do not need your permission, I do value your opinion. And I didn't want to see you worry\", I replied, my voice small. He scratched the back of his neck with his right hand, sighing deeply. \"Did you know my father, Marcus Campbell, betrayed Wallace?\" I recalled our conversation minutes before my escape in the woods, and how he had avoided my questions about his father. I shook my head. \"He did not think Wallace would succeed. And so he took the purse Longshanks dangled in front of his face, and let the other clans suffer by leaving Falkirk field. He wanted to save his men, but in doing so he let others die. Many agree that had not my father and a few other lords left, the battle would have ended differently. Wallace…he murdered my father while I was asleep. I was just a lad then, who loved hearing the heroic tales of William and his men. So ye see lass, I too carry on the burden of my father\". This news shocked me, and it clearly shown in my expression. Being a laird itself was enough to bare the burden of responsibility, but to have to carry on the family name of a lord that betrayed the restoration of the Bruce…yes. I could see how he could understand my situation. \"Then you know I must do it, Patrick. Not out of stubborn ambition or adventure; it is something I simply must do for myself, and for the wrongs of my family.\" He was staring intently at me, his nostrils flaring. Finally, he nodded. \"Aye. I canna stop ye\". With these magic words, I rushed into his arms, and this time I kissed fiercely, without reservation or tact. He reacted with just as much fever and intensity, his arms nearly crushing my body. It was as if he did not intend to ever let go. Our lips took their time, searching each other, finding new places to explore. I let out a noise of pleasure as his hands cupped my cheeks, and then my neck and shoulders, his grip strong. \"Aris..\" he whispered, but my lips would not let him go further. The sound of my name on his tongue was like a bard's singing- soft but powerful. I knew he was hard, and it took all my will not to rip off his clothes. His mouth once more found a way to form words. \"Marry me\". This time my lips did not return to his. Out of shock I instantly backed away, my eyes firmly fixed on his, searching for the hint of a smile on his face. There was none. He was serious. \"Patrick-\" \"I have never yearned for someone so much. I dream about ye, day and night. Christ, the way your lips feel against mine…it feels right. I canna explain it any more than that.\" Forming coherent phrases was out of the question, so I simply continued to give him an unsatisfying look of surprise. \"I ken you feel the same for me\". To this I raised my brow, and a tingling sensation shot through my body. To hell with decency. \"Have you ever lain with a lass before?\" Taken aback, he shot me a queer look. \"What do ye take me for? A charlatan?\" My voice was shaky. \"I…I only meant that…gracious, Patrick, we've known each other, what, a few months?\" \"People marry in a lot less-\" \"I'm quite aware of that! And yes! Of course I feel the same as you, I…\" words seemed to escape me, and all I could think about was the night he had saved me from being raped. He had professed his desire then, too. \"You are about to go into the lion's den. It sickens me to know I canna protect ye where you are goin'. It kills me to think I may never see you again.\" He paused, wincing, and I knew he wanted desperately to say something, but it was taking all the energy he had to say it. \"My uncle said when ye meet the right girl for you, you know. It isna logical, and it isna something you can let go. I didna believe him then…but I knew it was true. I knew the first night I met ye, when we danced at the castle in Perth, and you in yer bonny dress scoffing at all the courtiers…I thought I didn't have a chance…and then low and behold I see ye hours later fighting yer heart out in the barn, and even then, when ye saw me betray ye, it was like a knife stabbing my own heart.\" He paused once more, but his gaze would not falter. \"I love ye\". It was hard to stand. I lifted my hand to let the tree beside me support my body. Surely he did not mean it, my mind stated. It is lust, not love that spurs him to say such things. I wish to be free , it said. But why is it, then, that at his words I instantly wanted to leap for joy? Confused and slightly dizzy, I bent down to get water from my flask. I could feel his stare, though I did not dare look at him. He was waiting, waiting for me to either requite his affection, or scorn him. It is very courageous indeed for a man to say his true feelings. But before I could even begin to think of an answer, an arrow buzzed inches from Patrick, protruding in the tree I had just leaned against. Patrick instantly jumped on top of me, pushing me to the side as two soldiers came at him, swords drawn. The first fell before I could even blink. The second managed to nick a cut across Patrick's ankle, before the Scot punched him to the ground. I stood there stupidly, not quite sure what to do. In front, my eyes widened as about ten soldiers approached. Patrick got his sword and pointed it at them, the element of surprise no longer theirs. Three at one time lunged at him, and while he was occupied two came after me. I ran, since no weapon was available. One caught me by the wrist, and despite my struggling would not let go. I kicked him in the shin, and his hand loosened enough for me to make a fist. I punched him straight in the jaw, and knew I had hit him hard because my hand throbbed with pain. \"Patrick look out!\" I shouted as a fourth came from behind him. I jerked with surprise as Stephen came out of the blue, knocking the fourth man to the ground. Colum came but a second later, instantly gutting another soldier. Patrick continued his three to one fight, elbowing the first in the face as his sword lunged into the belly of the second. By now there were five soldiers left; two taking on Patrick, two with Stephen as the last fought bare handed with Colum, who had knocked the sword out of his hand. The arrow came from out of no where. It struck its target high in the chest, exactly where the heart was. I watched with horror as the lad stood, eyes wide in shock, before falling limp to the ground. \"Colum!\" I shouted, running toward him. Patrick heard me and looked where I was running. His eyes widened, and a new sense of ferocity consumed him as he continued his fight. In the distance, I could hear about a dozen horses approaching. Running as fast as I could, I got two of the horses, and brought them back as my two companions continued to fight. Stephen was down to the one soldier, while Patrick continued to fight two. Stephen slayed his opponent, and went to the body of Colum, lifting it onto the horse. \"They're more coming!\" I said, dreading how close they were. Stephen ran over to help Patrick, stabbing one from behind. Suddenly something hard hit the back of my head, and I fell to the ground. Two hands tugged at me, and I wrestled to get away, but my strength was gone from the blow. About fifty feet away Patrick ran his sword through the man, and instantly began to come to my aid. He was stopped, however, by another arrow. Swift and silent, it pierced him to the left of his navel. In shock, he tripped and fell to the ground. I continued to wrestle the two men grabbing at me, shouting for the reinforcements to go after the Scots. I could see Stephen on the horse. \"Get him!! Go!!!\" I shouted, my voice cracking. The horses of the soldiers were approaching quickly. I saw Stephen extend his hand, and with one quick swoop he hoisted the half awake Patrick onto the horses back. Patrick's eyes were closing, and his body swayed. I looked at Stephen once more. \"Go!\" I commanded, knowing they must go in order to live. I was not in danger. The English were almost upon us, and the men holding me let go to go after the horse. I did not move. I watched as Stephen kicked the horse, and rode passed the two men that tried to go after them. Soon the English brigade were upon me. Half left to continue the chase of the Scottish rogues, while the other half stayed to get me. The leader of the soldiers dismounted, and I knew they had come for me. He was young and handsome, with long brown hair pulled tightly back. \"Lady Aris, I presume\", he stated. My knees gave way, and my head throbbed. He caught me as I fell, and scooped me up in his arms. Knowing what was to come, I feigned losing consciousness. I couldn't be questioned now. I was too shocked at what had just happened, too scared for Patrick…and definitely not ready to play the role of spy. I could feel his hand brush the hair out of my face. \"Someone get a cloth!\" he yelled. A cloth was given, because I could feel him dabbing away the liquid from the spot where one of the soldiers had hit me. Was I bleeding? It did not matter. I kept my eyes closed as he lifted me onto his horse, and, with his arms wrapped securely around my body, we rode south. Presumably, to where my father was supposed to meet me.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 There is no point in looking back to see if I could have found another way, or taken another course. All decisions led to sacrifice. Nervously I stared out the small window as dusk fell, the faintest hint of light fading from sight. Hearing a voice behind me, I froze, my body trembling. Looking out I could see the northern hills, with the outline of the forest still slightly visible. A slight breeze caused the trees to dance, beckoning me to come. If only you were there, right now. If only I could forsake this all, run as fast as my legs could carry me and swing across that brilliant chestnut mare of yours . But fantasizing will not make me stronger. \"One moment.\" Distant, sad. I could not say it any other way. I clutched my chest, inside my heart pounded with a ferocity I could not describe. How is it that I could feel like death itself had swept me under its wing, yet my body wanted to fight? I refused to see the looking glass. I knew what I would find. It had taken the servant two hours to get my hair right, brushing and tying and brushing and tying until it felt glued to my head, no doubt in some intricate design meant to please. Powder had been sent as a gift from France, a substance that hides imperfections in the skin. The rouge probably made my lips plump and sensual. Sighing deep, I closed my eyes . I must not forget why I am here. I am sworn to King Robert the Bruce, I am sworn to Scotland . I immediately remember a far deeper oath I took; God it seemed like centuries ago. I am sworn to defeat my father, and that ruthless king. For a moment, I see Patrick, abroad his mare, beckoning me. But I blink, and he is gone. All that remains is what I must do. I back away from the window as darkness fell, the last rays of light escaping to their hiding place. My left hand hurts; I had been clenching my fist. Opening it, I see once more where my actions have taken me, these long two months in England. It squeezes my finger; it was much too tight. For a moment I try to pull the newly placed ring off my finger, but stop. I have sworn many oaths this past year, and the most recent being earlier today. I turn around, and face him. My body is not my own. I give it in hope that one day, the Scots will win, and I can slit his bloody throat. Patrick , I whisper in my head, as I walk to my awaiting husband. I'm sorry . 2 months prior We did not bother to stop at the drop off point. Instead, we traveled south. I feigned sleep and sickness, though my head barely hurt. After another few hours I realized my father never had any intention of accompanying the men. He was in London, pent up in his estate with his whores, waiting with indifference to hear whether I lived or died. Once comprehension dawned, my time spent unconscious needed to end. Soon after we arrived at an inn, and instantly the soldier helped me down, lifting me and practically running over others upstairs to a room. I was done pretending to be ill, and as soon as my body hit the bed I lashed out. \"What in the name of-\" \"Shh, milady. You're safe now. We had to make sure we were not being followed; Indeed I am sorry for the…bumpy ride you had to endure.\" I sat up against the wooden bedpost, taking a good look at my captor. He could not have been older than three and twenty, but he wore the tags of a seasoned officer. His voice was calculating and official, there was no malice behind his apology. Realizing I had struggled wildly with his soldiers just hours earlier, I looked down to see my dress half ripped, and instantly covered myself properly. He turned away without speaking. \"Where is my father?\" I asked with authority. I could not play coy, nor could I appear spiteful. The English needed to see I was skeptical, yet glad to be rid of my captors. He ordered a maid to bring fresh clothes and wash my face. As if an afterthought, he answered my question. \"He graciously awaits your presence in London. He asked me to retrieve you from your captivity safely, and to return you home. I am Lieutenant Hawkins. Now I must ask before I leave, do you require medical attention…er….that is, have those filthy Scottish dogs…\" Finding his speechless phrasing quaint, I answered for him, trying my best not to smile. \"I am perfectly whole, if that is what you mean. I require nothing save perhaps a spot of tea, and a well deserved bath. I had expected to be ransomed back to my father without all that bloody nonsense…\" Playing the prissy Duke's daughter was by best angle for now. Let him think me spoiled, rather than badger me with questions about my captivity. I instantly thought of Colum. I could not grieve. Taken aback, he rolled his eyes, assessing me with disdain. \"I suppose that means you're alright then. If there is nothing else, I suggest you get some rest. We shall be riding straight to London.\" \"I shall require a carriage.\" \"I am afraid the inn is out of aristocratic fancies. Perhaps a wagon will suit you.\" He was sarcastic and obviously did not like being talked down to, especially from an impudent girl. Keeping up the same attitude, I announced I required a sufficient wardrobe for the journey. He was about to leave when I called out. Knowing this would be hard to say, and mean it, I sighed. \"I aspect my father will compensate you well. I wish to thank you, Lt. Hawkins, for your services.\" I could not say \"For killing and wounding my friends.\" He nodded, and shut the door. I jumped out of the bed and found the nearest pale. I could only vomit a little, because I had barely eaten. All I could do now was pray. Oh Patrick, I thought. Be well. Do not come after me. It took nearly a week to make the trek to London. I said little, and rode faster than most ladies would have allowed. If she was alive, my mother would have been constantly nagging me to slow down. The soldiers said little in return, though I expected they appreciated the fact I could ride for hours without stopping, which made the journey go by faster. I tried my best not to think about Patrick, and Colum, and everyone back in Scotland. When we reached the estate, located just outside the southeast castle walls, all the peasants came out to greet us, nodding as I rode past. My father stood at the doorway, with no trace of a smile on his old, weathered face. Lt. Hawkins took my hand, helping me down from my horse. I curtsied to him, then to my father. It was as if I was returning from a long vacation with the cousins, not a greeting after having been kidnapped by so called vicious Scotsmen for months. He embraced me; it was cold and stiff. \"Daughter.\" \"Father\" I said, in equal tone. Lt. Hawkins appeared stunned by our reunion, but simply had his hands folded behind his back, awaiting the Duke to speak. \"I had a dress from France sent over; a gift from the king for your safe return\". Two servants, ones I did not recognize, brought out the emerald color robe. It was of lace and satin, with gold trimming along the sleeves. How was I supposed to react? \"It's lovely father. I shall wear it for you tonight\". \"Yes, yes. I have arranged a dinner in your honor a few days from now. Some most special guests will be there\". I attempted a smile, but it was forced. \"I must go rest, it has been a most trying experience. Good day, Lt. Hawkins, thank you once again for your escort. Father\". I curtsied once more, and was taken into the house. Upon entering my bedchambers, I shut the door, my strength leaving me as I slid my back down until my bottom rested on the ground. Taking my arms, I wrapped them around my legs and bent my head, shutting out the world. \"Lord give me strength, for I feel beaten and alone. Keep him safe,\" I whispered. I had been given a new servant; father did not enquire into the whereabouts of Branwain. He had not asked me anything at all; he only mumbled that they had kept me well fed. Her name was Sarah, and she loved to talk. I had barely spoken three words to her, and already I was sucked into an hour's worth of court gossip as she braided my hair. \"And of course you'll be meeting Mr. Jepsom, along with his three bratty daughters…\" Sarah had begun. Within the first thirty minutes I had learned to tune her out, but her next words caught my attention. \"And I believe Mr. Talbot will be in attendance\". She had been talking about the dinner party that was occurring tonight. The past few days I had spent perusing the estate, meeting the servants and trying my best to stay out of father's way….for now at least. Sarah was attempting to push as hard as she could against the bloody corset, much to my dismay. Upon hearing the name Talbot, I took her arm, and pulled her off her task. \"Talbot you say? What does he do?\" A brush magically appeared in her hand and she stroked my hair, untangling the heavily contorted strands with little sympathy for the pain it caused to both me and my locks. \"He's one of those middling sorts…he sold your father the estate, and I believe he deals with the legalities.\" \"A lawyer?\" \"Mmphmm.\" Mmphmm, indeed. I recalled one of my meetings with the Bruce, he had said someone by the name of Talbot would contact me, though I had no notion of how we would meet. Sarah now began to pull down the emerald dress over my arms. Looking in the mirror after the ensemble was complete, I had to agree with her; I did look rather fetching. The party began with a feast, in my honor, followed by dancing and a comedic play. My father kept me close to him, introducing me to the many courtiers. I had been wrong to assume this to be a small dinner; it was an all out affair of the season, marked with such dignitaries as the Duke of Buckingham, the Duke of Albany, and several French ambassadors. If only the king was here, and a real assassination plot could begin , I told myself, trying to suppress a smile. Many of the same faces I had seen at the ball in Perth were there, and the flashbacks to that night made me cringe. The ladies had all bustled around me, wanting to know the details of my captivity. They giggled when I described the Scotsmen with their kilts and beards; one lady dared ask if the Highlanders were larger…ahem….down there. To much laughter, I replied that one needn't sleep with a Scot to realize his size, all you had to do was smile at one and you'd see right away how big they are sticking out from their kilt. Stephen would approve , I mused as an afterthought. It wasn't until after the dancing and the play began that I could steal myself away from the crowds, and luckily bumped into Mr. Talbot, talking to a young gentleman. \"Lady Tailur\" he said, bowing slightly. He was in his mid- thirties, and towered over the English aristocrats in height. He was broad chested and bald, hardly the middling sort to be kept inconspicuous. Hardly the type of chap to be taken seriously as a spy or a lawyer; rather he had the look of a warrior. His companion fit the lawyer type; small and wiry, with brown hair pulled back in a dignified ponytail. \"I am Albus Talbot, your father's property lawyer. This is my assistant, John McKinley. I am ever so happy to hear of your safe return.\" He took my hand and shook it. Immediately I felt the paper in my hand, and without suspect put my hands behind my back and curtsied. \"Pleasure to meet you. I trust you are having a splendid time?\" They nodded. \"If you'll excuse me, gentlemen, I have other guests waiting.\" Walking down one of the vacant corridors, I paused when I found a dark corner and opened the note. Stables, ten minutes . \"Not too subtle, are you?\" I remarked to myself, and hurried back to the main hall where the play was still going on. \"Father, the excitement of all this has famished me. Might I retire for a while?\" I whispered as he sat in his chair. He had been sitting next to the Duke of Albany, who gave me a wink. \"Yes, yes, but make sure you are back in time for the midnight celebration. I imported a special surprise all the way from the East Asian civilization.\" He was looking to the Duke, not at me. \"Of course…\" Walking swiftly, I feigned going around the corridor and waited until two of our guards passed, and then changed directions to the kitchen, where I could escape out into the stable yard. I approached the darkly lit stables slowly. The door creaked as I made my way inside, shutting it tight behind me. Immediately a hand covered my mouth, and I fought the urge to scream. He let go and turned me around. \"Were you followed?\" \"I don't believe so\". \"Good\", he stated, and began walking toward the tack room. \"We only have a few moments. You will want to get back to the party as soon as you can.\" \"How do I know I can trust you?\" I blurted out. He grinned. \"I don't s'pose ye can. But then again, I had a hard time believin' the Bruce when he said I would be contacting a young English lady for information.\" His accent had changed, revealing his deep Scottish burr. His past pronunciation had been quite good, almost as good as Patrick's. \"And you chose to be a lawyer of all things…\" I mumbled. \"What's that?\" \"Nothing. I'm afraid I've only just settled into my new estate, and have barely seen my father, so I'm not sure what I should be-\" He rolled his eyes. \"How about I be the brains, and you be the eyes and ears, hmm? Here's what I need to know- \" He went down a list of things, some easy to answer, some I had no idea. He made me repeat these things until it was engrained in my head. \"I dinna care if it takes time to find the answers…only for heavens sake, be discreet and don't get caught. I'll find ye in a week's time.\" \"What if I have to contact you? What if I find vital information…or if I run into trouble?\" I said that last part softly, in hopes that it would not come to that. I was nervous. \"Only…and I repeat, ONLY in the event of an emergency, ye can get me through contacting one of the kitchen servants; Maura is her name. Letters can be intercepted, so ye can only tell her through word of mouth to reach me. But do not use it lightly; her life, and mine, depend on it.\" He looked me dead in the eye, plainly not trusting me to get the job done. I nodded, breathing hard. He turned to go. \"Wait!\" I called. \"One more thing…my companions, the ones who were to take me to the drop off point…\" I trailed off, not knowing how to finish. He did not look back. \"The last I heard, Lord Campbell will be fine…he's suffered worse wounds then that. They buried Colum next to his brothers; all five Macguires died for the rebellion.\" He spoke softly now, and turned back to face me. \"I told him I wouldn't do it; it would cause speculation, but he made me promise.\" Opening his hand was a ring band, simple and cheap, but I knew what it meant. I would be his when I returned. I took it, and placed it inside one of my dress pockets. He turned to walk out, but stopped once more. \"And for God's sake woman, keep it hidden. The both of ye make the hairs on my chest rise with your sillyness.\" As he left, I stood in the tack room for a few moments, placing the ring on my finger. A perfect fit. I smiled, and placed it back in my pocket, hidden away. I will be yours .[Chapter 7] Ok so finally an update on the story, yayyy! Hope people still enjoy it, please review if you want to see more written. This chapter is the longest yet. Contains some graphic violence (I feel like that TV announcer guy…) Chapter 7 The weeks after my encounter with Talbot passed by quickly. After the dinner party my father had announced he was leaving the following morning on a trip \"south\", though no further details on the location or length of his trip were given. \"Take heart, my dear, for I am ensuring our future. Hopefully my tiresome efforts will produce a husband for you, and more power for our family,\" he stated, his last departing words to me. He had an unusually sly look in his eye, as if he were taunting me. The following day, as the servants were getting supper ready, I ventured down to his study, hoping to find something detailing his whereabouts or motives. \"Finding me a husband is surely the last thing on your mind when you have a military campaign, father…\" I mumbled as I slipped past the corridor that leads into the kitchen, and clamored, without light, down the steps towards his study. The door had been locked, but I had anticipated this, knowing fully well he would have placed the key in the nearby library, as he had done in Perth. Earlier that day I had searched the library, and found the key to his study hidden inside the sole book on the second shelf without dust. The study was cold and merciless without windows or décor. Instead, it held a desk in the back center wall, with two flanking tables covered in maps and documents. The maps were marked by the Scottish campaign, including the recent victories of Roxburgh and Edinburgh. The Scots were growing bolder, and King Edward II was growing frustrated. Berwick, Stirling, and Bothwell alone remained under English control. I knew father would not keep his important correspondences lying about, but I searched as thoroughly as possible anyways. His purchase analog revealed a large quantity of weapons being sold to him recently, as well as fifty horses, some bought with His Majesty's sums. My father was stocking up, getting ready for something. Finally, I looked in the waste paper, not yet soiled. The easiest way to get rid of letters was either to burn them or use them to wipe the ass clean. My eyes widened as I unraveled a small piece of parchment, crumpled and stained. The Bruce plans his move on Stirling by fall. No plans to invade England again. Slowly gaining his confidence- will know more by week's end. –S. A spy was among the Bruce's inner circle, this was clear. Common soldiers were not privileged with campaign destinations until they moved out. This was interesting indeed. Stuffing the note into my dress, I sifted through the rest of the papers. Footsteps halted my search. The voices got clearer as they passed, two serving men striding down the hallway, not paying the study any mind. I overheard one state his intentions of love towards my maid, Sarah. The other retorted with a sexual joke. Soon their voices grew soft and distant. Thinking I best leave, I locked up after myself, and hurried back towards my chambers upstairs. It wouldn't be 'til a few days later that I was able to meet with Talbot in one of the alleyways behind the market square. His assistant, John McKinley had dropped off legal papers at the estate, and I had slipped him a note revealing my intention of meeting with Talbot. \"Were you followed?\" he asked, pretending not to see me as a man passed by us. It had rained all morning, and mud covered my dress. I gave him a look that said, Trust me. \"Right…do you have anything for me?\" I showed him the letter, and he put it in his pocket, looking around. \"This is good…and whoever sent this to Duke Tailur was correct, meaning they must be in high status with the Bruce. The king has only told a select few of his intentions to take Stirling, and it was to be a detailed campaign…the process would take months. But now…well, this note proves our vulnerability. The English will double the men in Stirling and change our logistics.\" He looked directly at me. \"Ye did well, Aris. I must admit, I did not expect this at all. This letter changes the entire campaign.\" Disregarding the compliment, I asked, \"Do you have any idea who could have betrayed the king?\" He once more looked away from me. \"No. But I expect upon handing this letter over to the Bruce, he will weed out the spy. But do not worry over such things, it is not your job. Just focus on intercepting information when your father returns.\" He started to walk away. Before he could get out of whispering distance, I asked, \"Talbot- what happens to spies? If they are caught?\" He looked at me, blinked, then looked away. The rain had begun to fall once more. \"A fate worse than Wallace.\" Without turning back to face me, he walked out of the alley, and back towards his shop, leaving me once more alone. Father returned three weeks later, and as I expected, did not disclose his whereabouts. I had used these weeks to remain inconspicuous to the household staff; sewing and reading in the mornings, and taking afternoon horseback rides through the country. I had no notion of whom my father employed to pay careful attention to me, so I assumed the role of lady of the house, keeping myself occupied to the running of the estate. Soon I was able to grasp the names of all the servants. Because this was not the Tailur country lands, there was no need to worry about harvests and livestock and farmer disputes. We were located near London, in close contact with King Edward II. Based on all the documents I had seen, it seemed that my father was an important figure at court among the military advisors. I was not asked to go to court; my father had arranged this. The dinner party that had occurred weeks before was to show proof of my return from captivity, and to keep the court gossiping about the Scots. He was smart not to send me to court while he was gone. He would not want me talking about the experience to others. One thing that often baffled me was his own silence towards me. He had not asked me one question since my arrival concerning my captivity. Nothing about where I stayed, what their manpower was, who commanded…nothing. At first I had brushed this off as his refusal to believe I might be \"soiled goods\" if I told him they had raped me, which is what many thought anyway. Perhaps he thought me too stupid to learn logistical observations. But there had to be more to this. It was May, and though it was still cold the canvas around me changed, as colors of green and gold appeared along the hillside outlining our estate. It rained often, meaning our spring would be ample with color and life. It was hard to believe this, when my heart longed to be somewhere else. I missed laughter, and friends, and endless talks with Bree over both nothing and everything. Sarah surely could not keep her mouth shut, but I often tuned her out. Each moment I stayed I felt anxious to hear some news of the outside world, of the battles, politics, and even of the cultural arts. But mostly I ached for Patrick. I had kept my ring safe and hidden, absentmindedly touching it whenever I got worried or nervous. On this English estate I was going mad; I was constantly thinking of ways to find information on father's actions, but he was more elusive with his reports and documents. I could not find pleasure in reading or riding, two pastimes that I have always enjoyed as a child and young woman; dreaming of adventures and romance, travels and philosophical encounters. I could play the part of lady of the house. I could play the role of dutiful daughter, speaking only when spoken to. I smile and curtsied when father's visitors came, noting their importance and what that meant for military purposes. But I was losing something quite valuable along the way, something I felt would put me in danger and take away from my cause: I was losing myself. One afternoon Sarah came running towards me as I finished a walk among the hillside. \"Lady Aris! You must hurry! His Grace desperately needs you bathed and dressed for dinner; an important noble has come unannounced.\" She said the last part emphatically, knowing her duties would triple that day. Without telling me who, I stumbled back into the house, wondering who it could be. Important dignitaries had been coming and going all week; father was recently granted the title of Earl of Gloucester from King Edward II, making our family five times richer and ten times more powerful among the king's highest inner circle. Though nobles had been appearing a lot, this was the first time the household bustled with more activity than usual. Even Sarah seemed nervous, pulling on my knotted hair with more fervor than normal. \"Will you not tell me who it is?\" Sarah was pulling the last strand of my corset together, and I winced with pain. \"Well, he's been in the study with His Grace all day and has not come out. I heard it from the kitchen girl who got it from the gardener who spoke to the stable boy, who claimed to have seen the black fluer de lis mark on the shield the nobleman brought with him. So naturally we all assume it to be Baron de Clifford.\" \"Robert Clifford?\" I asked. \"The very same,\" she nodded, applying powder to my cheeks. Robert Clifford was one of the most powerful barons in England, and in high company with His Majesty. He remains an expert soldier, and played a key role in the winning siege of Caerlaverock Castle on the Scottish border back in 1300. Though he must be a middle aged man by now, he continues to be talked about among court as a fervent charmer among married ladies. He himself was a widow with a young son, though as the rumors go, his marriage was loveless and full of adultery. I appeared for supper wearing another dress father had ordered from France, a satin dress of midnight blue with gold embroidery. It marked our new, higher status at court. Both men stood as I came into view, and I got a first look at the man the noblemen called \"The Black Rogue,\" for his fighting abilities, and bedding enterprises. He had high cheekbones, a square jaw, and green eyes that went well with his tan skin tone and almost black hair. The only unfavorable feature could be the large scar that ran from his chin to his right ear, a battle scar from many years prior that had faded tremendously. He was handsome indeed, but the way he looked at me, staring as his chin lifted up, made my stomach queasy. He bore the same look as the two Scottish men who had tried to force themselves on me when I had run away from Patrick: pure and complete lust. He did not even try to hide it. He took my hand and kissed it. \"Milady, you are as beautiful as your mother…like the sun after a dark storm, welcoming and enchanting…\" he stated, blurting out these poetic words as if he were reading them from a play script. Instead of having a robust and deep voice to match his athletic and tall physique; it turned out to be nasally and rehearsed; like a scroll keeper working in the king's library and not a warrior. \"You knew my mother, Your Grace?\" The slight grin of his face told me enough that he knew my mother well, perhaps more than my father realized. \"Indeed. We were friends at court even before I knew your father.\" No surprise there- my father had risen to his status first as a soldier, then a baron by marriage to his first wife, who died only two months after wedding him. He became duke through his second marriage with my mother. His pride had always been his downfall, for his power was through marriage and alliances, not blood. Father indeed noted his grin; and I wondered how he could remain so stoic when this baron lord had obviously had my mother before he did, and joked about it. \"Unfortunately Baron Clifford can only stay with us to eat, and must ride post haste to London after.\" It was an unfriendly tone- father obviously did not like this Robert fellow, and was merely using his influence to gain favor at court. \"Yes, pressing business with His Majesty…\" Sir Robert stated to me, as if that was some accomplishment to swoon over. \"What a pity, Sir Robert. Perhaps next time I could show you our lovely estate,\" I said, without earnest. \"I shall take you up on that offer, Lady Aris.\" He stared at me once more, and though I was disgusted with the way his eyes roamed to my breasts, I smiled back. \"I was most anxious and excited to hear of your recent return to the land of the civilized. Though we had never met, your parents held a soft spot in my heart, and I nearly begged the king to let me rampage the Scottish wilderness to find you.\" I desperately wished I could roll my eyes. \"What stopped you?\" I couldn't help but ask. Father cleared his throat. \"Now now, enough savage talk. There's been enough of that all day, and I am weary.\" \"Oh? I had heard you two were cooped away in the study all morning. Plotting away?\" I innocently asked, though my father narrowed his gaze. I had to make the most of this visit. Sir Robert cared not for my forwardness. \"Indeed, which is why I must return to London so soon. The king will want to know of our progress. Rest assured, Lady Aris, the men who took you will soon be sent to the gallows.\" Father gulped his wine, clearly wishing Sir Robert had not stated so much. It was through his look that I realized Sir Robert was not merely showing off, but that they had found a way to get to the Scottish leaders. I wish I knew how. After dinner, the Baron bowed to me, winking as he stood straight once more, and mounted his horse. \"I shall inform the king of your great endeavors, Your Grace,\" he stated to my father, who nodded. \"And as to the other matter, I have agreed. As soon as can possibly be arranged.\" And with that, the nasally sounding knight rode into the night. Talbot would want to know of this meeting, to be sure. The night wind picked up, and I looked at my father, who was staring at me. Shivers went down my spine, and I walked into the house. In the morning, Father requested my presence in his study. As I walked in, I noticed the room to be practically barren. Seeing my surprised look, he commented, \"The king has requested my constant presence as we endeavor on a new campaign, so I am relocating many of our things.\" \"A campaign? Does this mean the king plans to invade Scotland?\" \"That is none of your concern right now. Whether at his palace or in the field, my position is so high I am one of the few entrusted by His Majesty to accompany him wherever he goes. Now, I have given your situation great thought as well, my dear.\" \"My situation? Do you wish me to go to court?\" \"Heavens no, you would be much more useful elsewhere.\" \"I will do as you ask, father. Perhaps even…accompany you?\" He laughed; it was deep and sinister. I had heard it many times when he tortured his Scottish tenants and they claimed innocence of wrongdoing. \"Dear girl, what need would I have of you by my side? No, your job is of great importance, and will surely secure our alliances among the high nobles.\" Marriage, he was speaking of marriage. I was afraid he would do this. I gulped. \"Whom do you wish me to marry, Father?\" He grinned, \"Did the Baron make a good impression on you?\" My look of horror told him everything he needed to know; I could not mask disgust. \"Father, he is as old as you!\" \"And has many powerful friends. If our two families could join our security would remain. Are you not a dutiful daughter?\" \"He is merely a baron while you are an earl!\" \"And he is also the king's favorite knight.\" \"He is said to be a court seducer,\" I pleaded. \"Then he will show you how it's done right,\" he retorted sinfully. \"I cannot do as you ask.\" \"You will do as your father commands.\" My mouth was dry and my head dizzy. \"Why can I not stay here?\" The blow was fast and painful, enough to knock me to the ground. \"WHY CAN YOU NOT DO AS YOU'RE TOLD?\" He thundered. \"Would you rather I send you back to those filthy heathens? Perhaps you would prefer their company?\" I stayed where I was, but did not look at him. I stared at the ground, wishing he would leave before the tears, that were inevitable, would flow out. Instead, he grabbed me and jerked me up, taking his hand to my jaw. \"You are my blood. My daughter. And I am Lord Gareth, the most feared and powerful noble in all of England, lest you forget. I have use of you, and unless you do not fear my wrath, you will do exactly as I say.\" He let go of me, wanting me to exit his study. As I closed the door, I heard him say, \"They will come for you next month, and you will be Lady Aris de Clifford by nightfall. Do not disappoint me, daughter.\" I was shaking as I turned the knob to enter my room. Inside Sarah was kindling the fire. \"His Grace has asked me to accompany you into the city tomorrow to meet with the dressmaker. Marriage to the handsome baron!\" \"Leave me,\" I stated with authority. \"Now.\" She recoiled her smile and did as she was bid. I paced around the room. God how could I have been so stupid? I knew this would come; any marriage was bound to happen. But I had hoped and prayed and pleaded that the war would take priority in my father's mind, and I could continue to spy for the Scots until this bloody conflict is won. In the back of my mind I always knew this would come. But I had imagined marrying Patrick. It was to him I wanted to have my body, my soul, and no other. Seeing no other alternative, I did the only thing that made sense, and I went down to the kitchens, discreetly getting the girl Maura aside. \"Go to Talbot. Tell him I must meet with him, it is a matter of great importance. Ask him to bring a spare horse. Tell him to meet me by the Chelsea Bridge at midnight.\" She nodded, scared by my trembling body and ferocious whisper. My mind was spinning. What was I to do? I should have prepared for this, I should have better anticipated…my wild thoughts collided with my hands reaching for things to pack. If I was to leave tonight, I needed only what was necessary. One gown or two? Oh, you fancy going to any parties once you run away ? My mind instantly stated. Forgoing the gowns, I grabbed the jewelry. Money, and lots of it, was most assuredly needed if not for me then for the cause. It was easier than I imagined to slip away after dusk. I made sure both Sarah and the downstairs servant had seen me enter my room to sleep in nothing but my shift. I had retrieved rope from earlier when I entered the stables, and now used it to throw outside my window. There was but one sentry nearby on the grounds, and I waited patiently. Thinking ahead, during the day I had hidden my bag under the brush below, so now I had only myself to swing down. Finally, the guard needed to take a piss- and went round the next bend. I moved quickly, my muscles tensing as I climbed my body out the window and lowered myself to the ground, retrieving my things in the process. The guard was returning. Quickly I used the brush as a shield as I stumbled along, finally reaching one of the sheds. There I waited, biding my time as the sentry stood still, listening for movement. A half an hour later he moved on to his next station, and I ran for it. I reached the wall two minutes later, praying no one had seen me. Now the tricky part. Maura claimed there was a break in the wall, barely visible on the west end, covered by bushes. A small tunnel some dog (or servant) had made to crawl underneath. With three guards fifty yards to my right, I moved slowly, sticking as close to the wall as possible. The bush in front of the hole would be marked by its parallel position from the sentry barracks. Tricky indeed. No voices were heard around me. Finding the bush, I flew myself to the ground, crawling into it. Behind it, the hole, barely large enough even to fit a small girl like me. I wrenched myself out the other side of the wall, making sure there were no hidden outside guards. The bridge was a mile west of the estate, and I did not have much time. I ran. Out of breath and ten minutes later, I could make out the bridge, with two figures standing on the other side. They had made it! \"Good. You knew it was urgent.\" I stated, unsure of where to begin. \"Milady you look flushed,\" young John stated. Talbot interrupted. \"Were you compromised?\" \"No…I don't think so.\" I related to him the facts of my father leaving to be by the king for a campaign. \"And I am to be married within the fortnight to the Baron de Clifford.\" \"And you would wish to leave tonight?\" Talbot asked. \"There is no other choice,\" I said, but as I looked to each man, I knew they thought otherwise. \"A marriage to the king's favorite soldier would be to the Scottish crown's advantage…\" Talbot began. John looked at me sympathetically. \"You cannot ask that of me,\" I said, shaking my head. Had they ever met the baron? \"I shall only say you must consider it. Yes, you could flee right now, and no one would think the less of you. You have done well, and we cannot ask ye to give up your free will to this cause. But I have made the same oath as you did, and rest assured I cannot live without the knowledge that I did everything for my true king to win this God forsaken war.\" \"You DARE to make me feel unpatriotic?\" The anger and anxiety was rising within me. \"I cannot…it goes beyond duty and advantages…I…I am promised ,\" I said the last part quietly. \"To Lord Campbell?\" he asked, and I nodded. \"And would you return to him now?\" I nodded again. Is love stronger than duty? If Patrick had to choose between me and a duty to defend his king, I know he would choose me instantly. Then a nasty thought came to my head. Yes, we both would choose love without a doubt. We would both be blinded by it, scorn whoever would keep us apart. But to what cost? If he does not fight, the Bruce would lose both men and a competent leader. If the Scottish lost, the Bruce would be declared a treasonous dog to be sentenced to death, along with all the rebellion's leaders. In the end, it would be the villagers, the commoners that suffered the most- that Edward II would take his revenge against. I am promised to Patrick. But I am promised to my oath to the Bruce, to ensure success at all cost. I have given nothing worthy to be freed from my bond. If I returned to Scotland, all I could do was watch as men, including Patrick, fought battle after battle, siege after siege, in the hopes of gaining minor advantages. Something big was approaching, and I was so close to discovering the truth. A marriage to the Baron would give me unlimited access to- A new thought entered my mind. \"Pa-Lord Campbell would never allow it.\" I spoke my thoughts out loud. \"He would think I don't love him…it would break him.\" I spoke these intimate words to the Scottish spymaster, almost pleadingly. Talbot grabbed my arms, almost as hard as my father had done. \"Think hard, Sassenach .\" He was using the Gaelic term for outsider, which to most of the Highlanders, I was. \"If you married Lord Campbell his clansmen and villagers would never trust ye- and it'll be damn hard for them to follow a leader with an English wife into rebellion. And what of that bastard father of yours? His Majesty told me of your hatred for him- would you give up your quest to destroy him and what he stands for- what he's DONE? You have a hard choice to make, girl…but make no mistake about it, either marriage will lead to sacrifice.\" His words stung the depths of my chest. I found it hard to breathe, because his words rang true. It used to be that I had never wanted to get married, and now it seemed there were only two alternatives. All roads lead to sacrifice if you do the right thing , a voice inside told me. Talbot's eyes softened. \"No matter what ye choose, ye cannot leave tonight. Get back to your bedchamber-safely- and think hard. You'll damn sure need your wits if you stay, and a plan to give you safe passage will need to be devised if you leave. One thing I will say, and that will be the last of it- if you run, your Father will surely find out where you go. And if we don't win…I fear the king's vengeance will be nothing compared to Duke Gareth's: on everything you hold dear.\" I gulped, not wanting to hear anymore. The assistant, John, gave me a sympathetic gaze. I looked back to Talbot. \"I will give an answer to Maura by week's end. Until then, tell no one of this conversation.\" He nodded, and I headed once more, back to the English estate. Back to my father. For three nights I could not sleep. By the fourth day of starving myself, I had come to a decision. Once more I met with Talbot. The rain was heavy, my cloak drenched. The hood that covered my face beat drips of water directly in front of me, while the wind unsteadied my balance. I stared at him, unwilling myself to blink. \"If he does not believe you then he will come for me- that much I know to be true.\" He would come barreling through England, declaring me to be a stubborn, arrogant girl bent on wishing him a heart attack , I pondered. \"What passes through us here tonight is only between you, myself, and the king.\" He nodded, waiting, knowing my decision, but not my plan. \"Tell him I am with child, and it is the Baron de Clifford's. Fearful of what was to happen to me, I agreed to my father's decision to marry me to the king's champion. Lord Campbell knows of my hatred for Duke Gareth, so it must be stated that I shall continue my post as spy.\" Talbot gave me a quizzical, uncomfortable look. \"And what if….Lord Campbell thinks it might be his, and you are merely saying it is the baron's so you can continue to destroy your father?\" I knew my cheeks were burning red. \"He knows that would not be possible.\" Talbot understood, and waited for me to continue. I sighed. \"This part is imperative, otherwise he will think the child is made up too. You must say I came to you first, before my father, and confided in you my 'true' feelings.\" \"Which will be?\" \"That I promised myself to Lord Campbell, though…though I did not love him, he was merely an end to an escape from a life of my father….and that during these lonely, scary (which was the truth) months away from everyone but my father, I developed, well, however you want to say it, make it clear to him that the Baron and I became..int…intimate,\" I stuttered, struggling to get the words out. Once more, his face made clear that he understood. \"When I came to you, you told me by marrying the Baron I would be protected and have better access to campaign conversations and documents (which was also true). He will argue that I should have fled, that you should have taken me back to Scotland…\" I could see it playing it out in my head, not because I was so cocky in his devotion to me, but because Patrick and I shared the same heart…and thus the same mind. I can imagine it happening so because it would be what I would say. \"And if he still doesn't believe me?\" Talbot inquired, though I could tell he would agree to my plan. I didn't say anything. The rain seemed to be pounding harder…or was that my chest? I had been in my right hand this entire time. I squeezed Patrick's ring hard once more, and then released it to the man in front of me. \"Give this back. Tell him it was never meant to be, and a foolish boy like him should stick to his own people.\" It was often hard to read Talbot's face, but right now I knew it to be one of pity. We spent a few more moments discussing what he should tell the king (simply that I was to marry the baron and continue to spy), and how Talbot and I would continue correspondence. The Clifford lands were vast and far away; though closer to the Scottish border up in the northwest. I assumed for now that there was a good chance I would be sent to court, but if the English continued with their plan to meet the Scots at Stirling, he might send me to the country estate. We agreed on explaining that I 'lost' the babe three months from now, early in the pregnancy, but stuck in my marriage. The thought of it all made me want to heave up my supper. At last, we finally parted, not sure of when the next time we would talk or see each other again. He placed his arm on my shoulder. \"For all your faults as…being a woman…you are a remarkable lady, Aris. I wish you luck, and I will do as you bid.\" I couldn't tell, because it was raining so hard, but I swear I saw a teardrop leave his left eye. In my bed later that night, I encountered a friend long missed. He could not age, and his warm blue eyes calmed my shaking body. \"I don't know if I can do this…did I make the right choice?\" My voice was as small as a child's. There is no way one can know whether or not the choices you make are good or bad. You sacrificed freedom from men and aristocracy when you went with the Scots. \"I hardly went with them, I was sort of taken, if I recall.\" You could have escaped. But you stayed, and learned that your desire for freedom had nothing to do with men at all…for you fell in love, and devoted yourself to a cause. \"And now I am giving up the man that I love for…for…\" You sacrificed Patrick in the hopes that your work will produce enough fruit to clear you of damnation in your own eyes. His words angered me. \"I sacrificed him because I know no matter what the outcome, it would be better for him to just forget me…marry a nice girl from his clan, and let me do what I must without getting hurt by him and his stubborn…arrogant…pig-headed-\" You will tire yourself out if you list all his qualities. \"I thought I was already asleep and dreaming?\" Listen, Aris. You fear losing him. You fear losing yourself. But ultimately, you fear that no matter how intensely you labor, you will not erase the sins of your father. \"You sound like Patrick,\" I gruffed. You have much left to learn, little owl. I'm afraid that you will experience pain and loss again. But take heart. It is your love for others that causes such anguish, and without it you will be no greater than your father. \"What am I to do, William? Tell me what to do,\" I pleaded. Be strong, Aris. You have more courage than all the kings of the world. You have God on your side. And me. \"There's some comfort…a figment of my imagination to protect me…\" I stated curtly. If ghosts could laugh, I think he did. (Previously in chapter 6) There is no point in looking back to see if I could have found another way, or taken another course. All decisions led to sacrifice. Nervously I stared out the small window as dusk fell, the faintest hint of light fading from sight. Hearing a voice behind me, I froze, my body trembling. Looking out I could see the northern hills, with the outline of the forest still slightly visible. A slight breeze caused the trees to dance, beckoning me to come. If only you were there, right now. If only I could forsake this all, run as fast as my legs could carry me and swing across that brilliant chestnut mare of yours . But fantasizing will not make me stronger. \"One moment.\" Distant, sad. I could not say it any other way. I clutched my chest, inside my heart pounded with a ferocity I could not describe. How is it that I could feel like death itself had swept me under its wing, yet my body wanted to fight? I refused to see the looking glass. I knew what I would find. It had taken the servant two hours to get my hair right, brushing and tying and brushing and tying until it felt glued to my head, no doubt in some intricate design meant to please. Powder had been sent as a gift from France, a substance that hides imperfections in the skin. The rouge probably made my lips plump and sensual. Sighing deep, I closed my eyes . I must not forget why I am here. I am sworn to King Robert the Bruce, I am sworn to Scotland . I immediately remember a far deeper oath I took; God it seemed like centuries ago. I am sworn to defeat my father, and that ruthless king. For a moment, I see Patrick, abroad his mare, beckoning me. But I blink, and he is gone. All that remains is what I must do. I back away from the window as darkness fell, the last rays of light escaping to their hiding place. My left hand hurts; I had been clenching my fist. Opening it, I see once more where my actions have taken me, these long two months in England. It squeezes my finger; it was much too tight. For a moment I try to pull the newly placed ring off my finger, but stop. I have sworn many oaths this past year, and the most recent being earlier today. I turn around, and face him. My body is not my own. I give it in hope that one day, the Scots will win, and I can slit his bloody throat. Patrick , I whisper in my head, as I walk to my awaiting husband. I'm sorry . (Back to the present) Patrick had saved me from the Scottish brutes. This time, I would have to save myself; the only way I knew how was to imagine it was him the entire time. I cannot feel shame , I told myself. The Baron de Clifford ran his fingers along my exposed shoulders. \"I imagined your skin to be this soft,\" he whispered in my ear. We were standing at the foot of the bed. I could not look into his eyes. He turned me around, as if I was a lifeless doll, and I allowed it. Seeing the corset tied tight, he gruffed and I felt a knife snap the many twisted strings apart. He ripped the corset off, causing the top part of my dress to fall. From behind, his arms closed in around me, and his hands gripped my breasts, hard. His breathing, too, became harsh. He fumbled with the rest of the gown, not caring that he tore yet another piece as he clamored to get me naked. He could not even wait for me to be put into my bridal shift- he had sent Sarah out as soon as we had said our vows and made our way into our rooms at the king's castle. The dress off, he stood behind me, breathing so heavy I knew exactly where he stood. He wanted me to turn around on my own. I scoffed at the thought. Next I heard the sound of him unbuckling his breeches. What happened next took all my might not to scream and cry my anguish. He did not even lure me to the bed, soft and inviting. He had bedded many women, probably with passionate foreplays and erotic bedding techniques. But with me, his wife, he needed to perform no such charming manners. He took my from behind, pushing me against the dresser. I bit my lip as he worked, and then he turned me around, my back on the wall. It hurt, and I couldn't help but let my mouth open and a noise escape. It hurt a lot more than I expected, but then again, I had atleast expected a proper first night treatment of a wife. Thankfully, it was over soon. My husband did not ask me to bed. Wiping the blood off his leg, he smiled. \"Well, those Scottish bastards really never did lay a hand on you…Your father could have paid a lot less for you, had I known you to be a true virgin.\" He put his pants back on, while I stood, still exposed, against the wall. He kissed me on the lips. \"I know that was rough, my beautiful wife…but I had been told it is the best way to see if a girl had been..eh..plucked, before. Next time will be more gentle, and you will come to love both me, and our bed. Do not tremble…by God your skin is flawless…I will make you happy, I promise. Get some sleep- I have a bit of work to do.\" And with that he walked out of the room, shutting the door behind him. Indeed I was trembling quite violently. In no part of that could I imagine Patrick. I no part of that could I not feel shameful…disgusting…vile. My back slid down the wall, and I wrapped my naked arms around my naked legs. Wallace was wrong- I was not courageous nor strong, nor was I any longer solely and completely Patrick's. I sat against the wall on my wedding night, weeping for all that I was not.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 Ok, so there are some not PG moments in here, just a warning. Thank you for the reviews, I wrote and rewrote this chapter 5 times now, so hopefully it came out okay. And yay! The return of a character from Braveheart (I know I haven't exactly mentioned the movie much). Chapter 8 Chills ran down my spine; his hands were rough after years of sword fighting, but they moved in a caressing motion. He had been true to his word; each night he came to me, he was gentler than the last, soothing and calming me like he would a newly broken mare. I could not fight, I could not pull away—he had to think I was warming up to him. He could not suspect my true feelings. My body loathed his touch, my spirit detested his smiles. It took all my might not to show such repulsion openly. It wasn't simply what he had done to me on our wedding night. Nor was it the way his eyes had roamed me up and down like a ravenous creature when he first set eyes on me. No, in the days since I've been married I have learned much about my husband. The lovemaking was bearable; I could simply shut my mind down and let him do as he pleased. It was when he spoke that my teeth clenched and my body froze. \"It's hard to imagine those heathens never laid a finger on you…your eyes alone make my loins burn..\" he whispered as he kissed my chest. He required me only once or twice a week; the rest of the nights I suspect he lay with his whores and mistresses at court. For two months I had endured his random visits to my chamber, hoping each night he would reveal some sort of military plans. But none came. Instead, he exposed a little of himself to me, and ironically, he loved me most when I let him lay his head on my stomach, caressing his scalp like a mother would a child. It was during these times that he would reveal things from his past; his childhood, his best friends, small stories meant to show me he was in fact human. When he came to my chambers drunk, though, he usually sought only my body. This was such a night. Not knowing what to say, I let him continue. \"Though your father and I are not the dearest of friends, I must say we share similar interests. This whole business with the Scots—for many nobles it is tiresome politics that they would rather have parliament deal with. For your father- well, we both know his pride was severely hurt when they took his lands and his daughter. For me…I must say, the Scottish warriors have always fascinated me. Excellent swordsmen, to be sure. Did you know that I once saw the great William Wallace?\" He was lying next to me, and I turned on my side to face the other way. His hands now scurried down my back. \"No I did not.\" Nor did I want to hear of it. \"The day of his execution- you must have been a mere child at the time- I saw the way he cried out for his country. It was as if fear could not touch him…it was then that I knew the Scots were a powerful enemy, a worthy enemy of my sword.\" He seemed to be talking more to himself than to me. \"I have seen much of the world. Most of it is full of scavenging mongrels who turn sides as soon as they can decipher the winner. No shame….in every land it's the same. But the Highlanders…they, my dear, are a true match to fight. Thank God His Majesty sees this, and wants to give the world a war worthy to talk about for a thousand years.\" His passion for glory would have made me shudder, but my ears had perked like a dog at the word \"Majesty'. I turned back to face him. \"You mean the King wishes to pursue the Scots?\" Stirling had been taken a month before, and much court gossip was about the anger of the king. Robert was off in his own world, scarcely realizing my sudden curiosity. He indulged me. \"The King wishes to see every last Scot burned into ash. But the latest breaching of our northern wall led the king to call together all the earls and barons and nobles. Most of the cowards wished the king to call a truce. A truce with the Bruce, hah! But our Majesty is not so feeble as to fall prey to their wishes. Though he can never be the man his father was…this king has enough pride to drown out the parliament wenches and listen to nobles like your father.\" \"Wouldn't forgoing parliament mean infringing on the Ordinances?\" I asked. He lifted an eyebrow, probably unused to a female talking politics. Luckily his arrogance was on my side, and it seemed he did not dwell on my prying nature. He then grinned. \"That is precisely the moment when your father barged into the fray, demanding all the nobles put aside their squabbles and stand firm for the king, for he would surely lead them to victory by sheer volume of men. Slowly the others began to agree. Within minutes, half the nobles had pledged men and swords. I aspect the king will soon be demanding due service from the rest. Even with only half the barons and earls accounted for, our numbers surely surpass the meager few warriors of the Highlands. I'm sure you found they are a stubborn breed; it will be hard to get all the clans to fight together without Wallace, which is what the king aspects.\" My mind was spinning. I had to know more. I put my hand on his chest and snuggled under his arm. He was a fool, unlike my father, who could give away nothing. \"The entire court talks about you as if you are a god on the battlefield. I confess…a small part of me wishes to see your accomplishments with the sword, since I already know much of your deeds…elsewhere.\" I grinned up at him, and he kissed my full and passionately on the lips. For all the snake he was, I could see why girls melted under his gaze. \"You are truly proving to be a worthy wife, my love. Believe me, you will hear of my skills soon enough, but for now, I think I will show you my other assets…\" He gently got on top of me, but I wouldn't let him win, not quite yet. He kissed me once more, but I put a hand to his lips. \"Is that another way of saying you are leaving me soon, husband?\" He could not help but smile, and I smiled back. \"Wanting to get rid of me so easily, are you? Alas, I have revealed too much in your presence. But I suppose you would find out soon enough. The King has sent the Earl of Pembroke to ride ahead with his men to seek out the ambushes of the Scots, and prepare the king's route to Scotland. The Earl of Gloucester, myself, my men, and the Earl of Hereford will follow shortly thereafter with the King's household and His Majesty himself. I cannot imagine it to be more than a few weeks until we join Pembroke.\" \"Can I not go with you? Who knows how long a campaign could take, and my bed will be so lonely without you,\" I stated, caressing his neck with my fingertips. \"I should have known Gloucester's daughter would be fearless. To be able to return to the land you were kidnapped to, just to please me…you astonish me, my lady. But you know very well it is not the duty of a nobleman's wife to accompany him into savage land. It would not befit your status. But do not fret, we shall make every night til I leave as if it is our last here on earth, and I will pleasure you in ways you can scarce imagine.\" Knowing he would not speak more of it, I let him do as he wished. The knight was true to his word, and asked nothing in return for his services. And whilst the Black Rogue worked beneath me, I let my tears fall, praying that God keep Patrick safe. I knew now that no matter how much I loved him, I could not try to imagine him as my lover. All that mattered was delivering this news to the Bruce, and hope they could assemble enough man and horse and weapon together to defeat the English. It took a few days, but finally I was able to get in touch with Talbot. I had lived among the king's court for two months, and Lent was nearing. Life at court was terribly dull in all honesty- I had expected much more social engagements. The king had used much of his treasury throwing elegant parties night after night. But since the Scottish risings within the past year, many a noblewoman was keen to tell me the \"fun had stopped\", and now the king only focused on his military efforts, closed away with his advisors. Instead of masquerades and hunts, court life consisted of men talking and women complaining. Needlework, a pastime I despised, became the primary enterprise ladies took to be with one another, along with dancing and music lessons. Because everyone knew everyone's business, it was highly suspicious for a lady such as myself to venture off into the city without a male escort. The best time for such a move came after supper, when the men sought each other's company in politics whilst the women retreated to gaming. My presence was always required at the evening meal along with my husband, but after I could do as I wished. Putting on an inexpensive cloak and my simplest dress, I set off through the kitchens and out the east gate. I gave the guard a few coins, explaining I would be back soon and to open the door for me after I was done visiting my cousin across the Thames River. In a simple gown, it would not look acceptable to return to the palace gates and expect the guards to see me as a baroness and not some lowly merchant's wife. I soon met with Talbot, and reiterated all that I had learned from my husband's drunken stupor. After I had finished, he grinned. \"It is good to see you, lass.\" A bit annoyed and touched at the same time, I stated, \"Yes, well, it's lovely to see you too, but might you engage me with your own news?\" We were at a small inn on the southside of the river. Both of us drank from our cups of ale and peered about. No one was taking any interest in our conversation. Most folks were probably mixed up in their own talks that did not want prying ears about. \"I will see to it that my men get word to His Lordship on this matter- and this IS new information for us. The Earl of Pembroke will surely get a surprise when he tries to bring his lot across the border…\" \"I take it you will triple your men guarding the border? He did not specify where, but I bet you a new hat it shall be by Windlelow Forest. It's where I would cross, hidden by trees but wide enough to bring horses and wagons.\" To my dismay, Talbot lifted an eyebrow in amusement. \"Military advisor as well as spy now? Perhaps we placed you in the wrong line of employment.\" Seeing my frown, he broke off his smile. \"I must admit I have been quite worried for you, milady. The last time we spoke…\" he did not know how to continue, but I knew where his train of thought was going. \"The cause is worth whatever sacrifice I must make, Sir Talbot. The news I brought tonight confirms that I have made the best choice.\" Seeing him bashful, I realized what he truly wanted to ask. \"It is bearable.\" And that is all I would say on the matter. He hid his head and munched on a piece of stale bread. \"Do you wish to know…that is…I have spoken with Lord Campbell,\" he began, unsure of if I wanted to hear of it. \"Did he buy it?\" I asked, my body growing stiffer by the second. I took another swig of ale. \"Perhaps it is best not to dwell on the matter-\" \"Talbot,\" I warned. He desperately wanted to avoid my gaze, but I was quite good at commanding people to stare back. He sighed heavily, which made my breath short and tight. \"He said it matters not what the Sassenach did with her life. He…did say he wished you all the happiness with your husband and child.\" My throat was immediately dry and my head dizzy. \"So he ate it up without question or complaint. Good…good. That's one less thing to worry about. Perhaps he can move on and be happy with a nice Scottish girl.\" As soon as the words were out of my mouth, Talbot blushed. Coming from a man that was extremely hard to read, I sighed. \"Oh…he…already found someone.\" \"He is to marry the Lady Sibhoiun McCulloch within the month.\" \"That pigbreathed vixen?!\" I bellowed, overcome with rage. \"Of all the women in the world…\" \"That's not fair lass, she's a good soul, if a trifle….passionate against outsiders. She's make a good wife for him. Remember, you chose to give him up.\" The words were harsh, but necessary. I took a deep breath and nodded, banishing the thought of her grubby hands on his back, his chest… He started chuckling. \"I never knew a vixen whose breath reeked of swine…\" I rolled my eyes, but let the edge of my mouth curve into a smirk. \"You obviously haven't been around the English court long enough.\" I raised my hand and indicated to the wench to bring two more pints. Talbot shook his head. \"No more for me, thank you.\" \"I'll have his\" I told the girl. Talbot and I conversed a little while longer, discussing the Bruce's current army numbers, and which nobles were pledging allegiances. Now that rumors of a large scale battle would occur, it was high time the Bruce knew for sure what clans would answer the call. Many had refused to be included in the small invasions against England within the past few years, but an all out battle would force the clans to decide under whose reign they were to be subjected to. \"I will continue to find out more information before Baron de Clifford leaves along with the king.\" I refused to say 'my husband'. \"But I must ask you, Talbot, what will my course of action be when all the nobles leave for Scotland? My- -the Baron has made it quite clear that wives of English knights don't follow their husbands to battle.\" Talbot pondered this for a moment. \"It will not be to your advantage to remain in England if this campaign proves to be a turning point. I hesitate to say you should leave,\" he saw my mouth curve into a smile, and put a finger up. \"Because I don't know how safe it will be for you to abscond from London.\" While he spoke, I finished my two pints, and quickly started on my third. \"I assure you, Talbot, if my father and de Clifford go into Scotland, I will not stay behind to knit and wait for news of victory from either side.\" He chuckled. \"I suppose you won't. But we do not have to discuss this matter quite yet. There is still time to think on this. And who knows- if Pembroke is taken by our men, perhaps the English king will reconsider blundering into the Highlands.\" \"Perhaps,\" I repeated. But unlikely, I thought. Dark had fallen over London, and soon my husband would go to bed. Talbot and I paid the innkeeper and left, the spymaster accompanying me as far as the boat by the Thames. The Palace was just over the river to the west, and it would not be wise to be seen with the lawyer. The fog was thick that night, and the boatman did not come into view until he pulled right up on the dock. \"You have done well, Aris. Please know that our king appreciates your tireless efforts.\" I smiled. \"I will see you soon, my friend. And hopefully next time I will have more news to tell…news that will only plunder my father's efforts.\" He helped me into the boat, and retreated as soon as we had pulled away from the docks. The night was cold, and I wrapped my cloak tighter against me. Oh Patrick, I thought. Would he really not think twice on what Talbot had told him? The ale was not strong enough to work its magic on me. As I made my way across the gate and along the castle corridors to my room, I kept imagining that bitch's mouth on his, her eyes staring into his as he completely forgot who I was. My bedchamber was empty, and it was almost midnight. That meant Robert would not be joining me tonight. Just as well, I thought. My maidservant Sarah had joined me in the court palace, and looked quite flustered when I came in at such an hour. Her eyes had bags under them, and I could tell she had waited up for me, though she would have to wake in a few hours. I sent her to go get some wine for me and some fruit for herself. Within minutes I sent her to her chamber in the next room, and sat down in my chair, drinking heavily from the pitcher. My head ached and spun, but all I could imagine was the way Patrick held me close to him. Now he would whisper sweet nothings to that harlot. My mind wondered back to that time that I had lifted his shirt in the forest, our arms entangled around each other as our lips explored neck and chest. But we had held back. You had held back, I told myself. You and your purity…and now you will never know the depths of pleasure he could have given you, the sense that both your bodies were a perfect fit, a match for your kindred souls . And now you are alone. Utterly and completely alone. I tried to stand but felt the room spinning. I had told Sarah earlier not to bother with my dress, I could certainly put on a nightgown all by myself. Now I was not so sure. How much had I drunk? I wondered, seeing the pitcher of wine almost empty. I tried unlacing the backings of my dress, but it was taking far too long, and I shouted a curse. \"What exactly are you doing?\" a familiar voice sad from behind. I had not even noticed the door open. Robert stood at the door, giving me a quizzical stare as his eyes roamed from my face to my dress to the table of wine. I swayed a little. \"I simply do not understand why dressmakers refuse to let women be able to do things for themselves. You need an army to undo this thing,\" I jabbered. He chuckled. \"You, my dear, are drunk, and allow me…\" he stated, putting his hands on my back, easily untying the corset. I looked around. \"Where is my bloody nightgown?\" \"Should I summon Sarah to find it?\" he asked. \"No no no, that's just silly to wake the poor girl for…such a silly task. Forget it, I shall just sleep in my gown.\" I don't understand why I was talking so much. I never babbled on such with him before. He sighed, taking off his boots. \"And where were you, hmm? Out galavanting with one of the court sluts?\" I enquired, not caring that I had gone too far. I think he was sitting by the bed, but the room was spinning so fast- \"Is that what you think? You may be quite intoxicated, my young fawn, but that is no way to speak to your husband.\" \"I shall speak to him whatever way I please,\" I stubbornly slurred. I gulped in the last of the wine. My foot stumbled, and I lost my balance. I almost crashed right onto the floor, but he caught me just in time. \"Perhaps you should speak no more and retire to bed, my sweet.\" Was he really not taking advantage of a drunk woman? I almost laughed at the thought. \"I doubt I am your only sweet at night, my lord.\" He sighed. \"Are you looking for a fight? God knows you haven't been this arrogant and stubborn with me before!\" \"You hardly know me, husband. I am much…more learned, and strong, and….\" We were both standing by the bed, me clinging to the post for support. I pushed his chest, his back hitting the bed. I leaned forward \"and much more passionate than you realize.\" It was then that he kissed me, shutting up my blabbering tongue. It was not gentle, nor was it forced. Our tongues began a battle of their own. We came up for breath only momentarily, and he used his arms and hands to roll me beneath him on the bed. \"I don't know why\" he started. \"But your lack of prudent thought\" he kissed me. \"And fiery temper\" he kissed me once more, \"Have left me utterly at your mercy.\" He hiked up the folds of my dress, working beneath me. After I let out several groans of pleasure, I bade him stop, but he wouldn't. I dug my nails into his back, but that only spurred him. He came up from under me and bared my chest open, cupping my breasts and letting out his own noises. I had the sudden urge to slap him, to tear him off me and shout that I was not his. But I was not anyone's…and I was alone. I had never let the drink affect me in such a way, but I felt my legs spreading on their own accord, numb to my head and my conscious. Soon we began the rhythmic swaying on the bed, our joint noises drowning out everything else. Every time we had lain together, I had faked that reaction that most women make at the climax of making love. Robert could not give me what I desired. Tonight was no different, and as his seed filled my body, I realized I would never find physical relief in this man. We lay for a moment, breathing heavily against each other. Though I could not receive that sensation women often talked about with such fervent desire, I knew the events that unfolded tonight proved one thing. Patrick Campbell would never take back a woman who willingly gave herself to another man. And now the lie he had been fed was turned into truth. He could no longer be in my thoughts, my actions, my heart. The news reached me days later- the Earl of Gloucester, my father, had captured a Scottish spy, reputed to be a lawyer to many court nobles. A servant had come in the middle of the night, waking both myself and Robert. I listened in as the man told the baron his presence was requested in the Tower. The Tower. It was what noble and peasant alike feared- a fortress known for the execution of treasonous subjects; a dark prison where spies were tortured and religious monks held futile prayers for damned souls. \"Talbot,\" I whispered, hoping it couldn't be true. The Baron was returning to our chamber, and I hurriedly jumped back into bed so he wouldn't know I was spying. \"Something has come up, I must go to your father at once.\" He immediately began dressing. Why did my father wish for the baron to join him? The Earl did not enjoy his son-in law's company, and if the servant was correct, that would mean my father desired Robert to be present for the torturing. Thoughts swam in my mind: Were Talbot's men able to inform the Bruce of the English campaign? Did Talbot get compromised on the night of our meeting, or a few days after? Was I compromised as well? Could anything be done to spare him? I realized I could not breathe. I knew the risks going into this, but now….everything was falling apart. I had to see him. I had to…be there for him…find out answers…save him. There was no one left to turn to. My plan was soon set in motion. The Lady Reston had been accused of adultery a few months prior. Her husband, the Baron de Winter, a close friend to King Edward, still in love with her, confined her to the Tower for exactly one year. She was allowed visitors, and it was to be my excuse to go to the dreaded fortress under guise of a friend. That, however, was the only part of the plan I could come up with. As I approached the Tower hours after having learned poor Talbot was somewhere inside, I felt a cold chill run down my spine. Looking up, I could see naught but dark stone rising toward the perilous looking clouds. A few drops of rain had begun to fall, and the guards hurried me inside. The clank of chains and the smell of death could be found from below, and I realized Lady Reston would be in an entirely different part of the Tower; away from those below her station. I fumbled with my gift basket of wine and cheese. What was worse, the guards escorted me side by side right into her cell, locking the door behind me. It seemed the Baroness was allowed a bed, a small table with a candle that was almost empty, and a cot for her servant. Her station bequeathed more light than other cells, and three windows gave her enough sun during the day to not need the candle. The Lady, unsure of who I was, stood by her small table, giving me a quizzical stare as her servant made the bed tidy. I curtsied. \"Good day, madam. I am the Lady de Clifford, newly arrived at court. Many of the ladies at court have told me of your…unfortunate plight, and I thought how perhaps a new face would…well, to be quite honest, I doubt you will find my reason to be here good natured. No doubt you will assume I am merely coming to see the court's latest attraction of gossip.\" With her eyebrows raised, the blonde woman spoke. \"I had no idea I was so entertaining at court. They must all be bored to focus such attention on me.\" Her French accent was strong. As I stared at her, I at first thought her to be in her twenties, based on her soft skin and glowing cheeks. Only the slight lines around her eyes betrayed such an idea, and I realized she was somewhat older than I first suspected. The Lady Reston was Her Majesty's first lady in waiting, arriving with Queen Isabella from France. It was said that the two were inseparable, and once the Lady was arrested, the Queen begged audience with the King everyday to have her released. \"So if you are not here to gawk and goad me, what is your motive to come?\" Her soft, sweet voice begged me to tell her the truth. \"I had heard a friend of mine was recently imprisoned in the Tower, and hoped to find out more without being suspected of God knows what.\" Her eyes immediately gave away her sympathy. \"Alas I know nothing that goes on in this dreadful prison. I don't believe I can help.\" \"You already have, madam. By visiting you I have a reliable alibi.\" I knew I was being far too trusting of the woman, but one thing the Irishman Stephen had told me was that the Queen and her lady Reston had always been sympathetic to the Scottish plight, and had even helped William Wallace escape capture. \"Alibi's and imprisoned friends? I see that you are no ordinary courtier, Lady de Clifford. I am glad Baron Clifford took on such a sprightly wife. I did not even know he was getting married.\" Her sorrow for such a small gossip proved her misery at being left to solitude in a damp prison. I took this moment to put the wine and food on the table, offering her to enjoy it now among company. As I poured her a glass, I decided the woman was as close to a friend I could get in London. \"Do you ever miss your home country?\" The mention of France made her smile. \"What a difference my province was to this foggy, miserable country. In France you can lie in the sun or run through fields of flowers, rarely worrying about a cloudy day. Here there is nothing but gloom- both outdoors and inside the palace.\" \"A lonely existence,\" I said, not realizing how insensitive the statement was. \"I suppose prisons are meant to break the spirit. But I see in you that the Tower is not the only prison in London.\" I smiled. \"My misery is that apparent? I must say I do miss the countryside- England does from time to time persuade the sun to come out. I take it you have only lived in London since you arrived with the Queen?\" She smiled back, swallowing her cheese and sipping the wine. \"In the beginning it was quite grand. We paraded through the country, the princess eager to be a good queen to her subjects. I was so proud of my friend…and joyous to be alongside her. I knew she would give this country the mercy it so desperately wanted. But her husband had different ideas…\" she drifted off, not wishing to say more. I was still newly acquainted, and I doubted her feelings toward King Edward were that of loyalty and love. I knew for fact that the Queen tried to visit her loyal lady in waiting as often as she could. It was in this hope that I tried to correctly word my plans. \"…To be just as ruthless and barbaric as his father. If only we would be rid of such a tyrant.\" I finished her sentence, openly stating treasonous words. She stared me down, still weary of whether or not I was attempting to trick her into agreeing. I looked toward the door and lowered my voice. \"I realize you will probably not believe me. I am a servant to a much greater King, and I seek today to spare the fate of a man serving a greater good than England's war mongering monarch. If you know of any way I can get down to the lower prison cells, I beg you to tell me.\" I was staring straight at her, without blinking. My father often said people lie by avoiding one's gaze, and I made sure she knew I was looking only at her. For a few moments neither of us spoke. Finally, she sighed heavily, the small wrinkles on her forehead becoming more apparent. \"There is a chapel on the Westside where I am sometimes allowed to pray. You can…hear the screaming a lot clearer and there is a corridor I sometimes see many a priest go into; the sound of steps echoing after.\" It took much courage to risk exposing herself in such a way, and I nodded my gratitude. I got up to leave. \"Tell the queen…tell her that there was a man we mutually admired, and we both desperately miss. Tell her his dream will come true, soon. Very soon. And any help given to accomplish this would be greatly appreciated by his people.\" Surprised by my words, her eyes widened. But that is what told me she understood exactly what I had meant. She nodded, and I shouted for a guard to let me out. As the door closed behind her, I felt a tugging at my heart. Here she would remain until her husband saw fit to release her. No doubt he was committing adultery at this very moment, but it was not himself to blame under English law. If the queen cannot help her, I certainly cannot either. I now focused on what I could do, and who I could help. Turning to the guard beside me, I ventured, \"I would like to pray for the Lady Reston and for her repentance. Might there be a chapel nearby?\"[Chapter 9] Chapter 9 I had been sitting in the Tower chapel for fifteen minutes, watching the guards, priests and courtiers move in and out. It was relatively empty at the moment; only the Earl of Rochford's wife sat in the chapel, probably praying the ol' bastard of a husband would die soon. He had been imprisoned in the Tower for twenty years, during the days of Longshanks' reign. It was unlikely Edward's son would be lenient to a man of eighty nine, but his poor wife had gone and fallen in love with Rochford's cousin. Until Rochford died, she was stuck without title or estates, stripped of her bloodline by Edward II. I myself bowed my head and began to pray, knowing that only God could save Talbot from my father. But I needed to find out what information he would acquire. According to Talbot, it was not a matter of strength or wits that kept a spy from blabbering on under torture. Knowing my father, and what he was capable of, no man of any valor could withstand his methods of interrogation and not utter a word. I began to wonder what possible purpose there was to being in the Tower, at this very moment. Reason foretold that I was powerless to save the spymaster. Reason also told me to leave in case I was mentioned. But I couldn't. I had to know. I had to…be there. My chance came right after I finished the Lord's Prayer. The Lady Rochford had left, and along with her the priest to see her out. There was a door to the right of the altar; I had seen two guards go past minutes ago. It was just as the Lady de Winter described. The corridor was dark and uninviting, and I could make out narrow steps in front of me, along with the faint echo of a man screaming. Courage, young one , a voice called from inside me. I absentmindedly nodded. For a few minutes I felt my way down the stairs, both my arms spread out against the thin walls on either side of me to keep me from falling. It went quite deep into the Tower. The screaming echo grew louder, and many more voices were heard. Finally, a faint light reached my eyes. Just twenty feet below the spiral staircase stopped, and a torch lit up a door. Presumably leading into the torture chamber. I sighed, and gently peeped into the open top of the door. Blackness. I opened the door softly, and stepped inside. I walked a few feet blindly, quietly, waiting to hear a voice. I was in a corridor that led to three other doors. I heard footsteps, and quickly hid behind a large barrel in the dark. A door closed, and two figures came out. \"His Majesty will not be happy. That was a complete waste of our time,\" an annoyed voice stated. It was my husband. \"Oh I wouldn't be too sure of that,\" the other man said, and I felt a shutter down my spine. My father sounded almost cheery. \"He did not reveal anything about the Bruce's army. And now you have made sure he will never say anything else.\" I heard my father guffaw. \"Sometimes I think I could have found a brighter suitor for my daughter, Robert. I did not expect much from this one. We now know that the Bruce is aware of our plans to invade, and our numbers. We can certainly use this to our advantage. I will inform the king of this. You must ride out to the Earl of Pembroke. The Bruce will now be expecting his attack, and will counterattack. The element of surprise is past. We must gather our forces sooner than expected, and ride out to meet you. In the meantime….\" I listened as my father told Baron de Clifford of how Pembroke should attack the Bruce's forces while the English arrive. I kept low and hidden, hoping desperately my heart was not as loud as it felt in my chest. Soon they left, walking right past me without noticing. After a minute, I stole into the doorway where they had exited from, and I felt my knees give way. He was lying in the center of a Rack, a torture device I had heard my father frequently used on his victims. From ten feet away I could see one of his arms was dislocated, and his left leg was barely hanging off his body. But that was not the worst. My father had had his sport with him, and used boiling water against his flesh. His mouth was slit open. I let out a gasp, trying desperately not to throw up. I had thought him dead, but at the sound my gasp he opened one eye slightly, and looked to the source of the noise. I tried to come closer, but fear prevented me from moving. A noise escaped him, and it was then that courage took me. I slowly walked up to him, seeing firsthand the ooze of raw flesh and blood covering his almost naked body. \"Oh Talbot,\" I whispered, tears running down my face. I could not touch him, for I knew that would bring unbearable pain. \"I'm going to get you out of here.\" The words were useless, and both of us knew it. I reached inside my pocket, grasping the thing I did not want to bring. Before I left for the Tower, I had brought it along as a last resort. In the back of my head I knew it was going to be like this. My hand shook as I brought it out of my pocket and showed it to him. \"I…I don't know if I can…I don't think I'm strong enough…\" I blubbered, but looking down into his eyes I realized this was the only thing I could do for my friend. Everything else was futile. I opened the vile, and gently let the drops of liquid fall into his mouth. I waited until I was sure he had some of it swallow. \"You have done well, my friend,\" I whispered. His body began to convulse, and his mouth gargled as he lay, his eyes widening. It was over within seconds, and with the last beat of his heart his eyes lay staring at me, even as life already left his broken body. I felt my own body shaking. \"I will miss you dearly,\" I said. I placed the vile back in my pocket, and left the torture chamber. I was not noticed as I came back up into the chapel, nor did anyone follow me as I left the Tower. I did not stop until I reached my own chambers at the palace. Robert was not there, and I angrily yelled at Sarah to leave me. Yet still I could not let grief take me. Instead, I went straight to my bed, knowing tomorrow I would have to leave England. / I was informed at dawn by Robert's manservant that he had left urgently in the middle of the night, and he would send word when he could. I nodded, grateful that he had left quickly. This would mean less questions to my own escape. I informed Sarah that I needed a holiday from court life, and wished to retire to the Baron de Clifford's country estate while my husband was away. As she got my clothes ready, a knock appeared at our door. Sarah answerd, and told me it was a servant sent with a message from the queen. \"The Queen?\" I repeated, and tore the letter away from her. Seeing Sarah looking curious, I said, \"Would you be so kind as to collect the tapestry in the next room? I do not want to leave it in the city.\" As she left, I opened the note. It was written in French. My heart pumped faster and faster. \"I went to visit our mutual lady friend last night and she informed me of your troubles. Present this card enclosed and seek an audience with me today. Do not leave.\" The Queen was known for her trustworthy nature, and wisdom. By having me request an audience instead of vice versa, it could not implicate her in any matter that came from this moment forward. I had not yet met the Queen, though I had seen her in the dining hall a few times from afar. She tried to stay as far from her husband as possible. A few hours later I was dressed in my finest gown of green velvet and gold threading, and presented my card to the guards next to the Queen's Presence Chamber. I bowed before her, keeping my head down. \"Leave us alone.\" She stated, her voice calm but firm. The guards bowed and left the chamber. I lifted my head, and stared at the regal figure before me. She was seventeen years my senior, but her body remained slim, her face hardened with childbirth and years of exile from His Majesty. After Wallace was killed, he had confined her to the Norfolk lands for her lying in, but after her son was born, the child was taken to London while she was to remain in the country for several years. The despair of losing her child to have it grow up with her monster of a husband had left her looking weathered, yet still beautiful. \"Come closer,\" she commanded, and I obeyed. I looked up at her, wanting desperately to trust her, to confide in her, but still kept my mind distant. She smiled. \"You are the daughter of the Butcher of Perth.\" My father had retained many titles, some nicknames designated for his cunning, others for his cruelty. Not quite sure what she meant by the referral, I quickly countered, \"Yes, Your Majesty. Daughter to the Rapist of Edinburgh, Wife to the Widower of England's Foes…seeking an audience with Longshanks' daughter-in-law.\" Many would have considered this statement an insult to the royal family. The only people who called the king's father Longshanks had been the Scottish supporters. I was making a daring move, explicitly defending my allegiance to the Bruce and declaring my own family as enemies. Her mouth broke into a smile, and she got up from her throne, and stood in front of me, clasping my right hand. \"Oh, Lady Aris,\" she whispered, \"When Lady Reston informed me of your…views…I felt my years of loneliness instantly evaporate. Come, let us walk in the garden and speak freely, here is not the safest place for prying ears…\" Minutes later, we were outside and walking, arm an arm in a sign of a queen's affection. Personally I thought the shock of me was the reason she held on to me so tight. It had been a long time since she could speak of such things. \"Your capture produced quite a gossip at court those many months ago. I myself confess I did not expect them to return the daughter of the Earl of Gloucester unharmed. But here you are, and in their employ no less. I wonder how that was managed.\" \"Is it so hard to envision a person willing to stand up for what is right?\" She smiled again. \"Your words are true, Lady Aris. In fact, it is harder than you realize. But I see you know what it feels like to be married to a killer of good, honest men.\" \"Your Majesty, I must be plain. Recent events make it imperative that I rejoin the Scottish with all the knowledge I possess. I am humbled by your words, and it…it is nice to know I am not alone in this country. I must know what you want of me.\" \"A man once told me he saw much strength in me…you remind me of him. Tell me something, Aris…is it a man you fight this passionately for? Risking your life for?\" The question caught me off guard, and I quickly looked around to make sure no one was nearby. I turned to face her. \"For a time, that might have been true. But that is in the past, and my quest has more to do with an oath I took long ago to end my father's tyranny.\" \"I see.\" She grabbed her stomach, and let her fingers caress the lilies that surrounded us. \"You may think you can bury the past, but its ghosts come to haunt you from time to time. It was close to twenty years ago that I met the man that captured my heart. He is long dead, but sometimes I feel as if he is right beside me, beckoning me to remain existing in this world of pain and suffering. For what purpose I know not, for life without him…is like a life without light. I lost him to this place. And ever since I have been but a shell of my former self, doing only what I can to ease the sufferings of my husband's people.\" \"William would be proud of you,\" I said, squeezing her hand. She stiffened at the mention of his name. \"I thought…I thought that the birth of our son would hold me together, for if I could see William in his son it would be like he never left me. But Edward has kept him from me…and the boy prince you see today has no qualities his real father possessed. In that regard, Longshanks has won.\" She looked back at me. \"Yet I remained. To what purpose I knew not…until I heard of you. To know that William's dream is within reach…I knew I must play one more hand.\" She indicated we sit on a bench. \"My husband has summoned 20,000 men to fight the Scottish. You can catch your husband if you leave now. I can give you several of my horses and French guardsmen to watch you, and give you documents of safe passage.\" \"Thank you, your Majesty,\" I said, overwhelmed with joy. \"I don't know what to say.\" She smiled, \"You have given me more than you will ever know, Lady Aris. I have already told your husband's servants to go on without you to the Baron's estates. You must leave now.\" We both got up, and the Queen of England embraced me. \"Find your man, Aris. Our lives are full of such fleeting moments, we must allow our hearts to breathe. Good luck.\" I/ t is a hard week's ride to Stirling by horse, and Robert de Clifford was nearly two days ahead of me. I had to reach the Bruce before he reached Pembroke's forces. It seemed an impossible feat. We slept little, and I barely talked. The French guards asked little questions, and for that I was grateful. I ate very little, my stomach still lurching from the sites I had seen at the Tower. I knew de Clifford had left his forces with Edward II and was traveling alone with his squire; a broad shouldered youth by the name of Will Somerset. That meant he was traveling light and fast. By the fifth night, we could see Pembroke's encampment about two miles ahead. I knew without a doubt Robert had reached them. Tomorrow they would move their forces to the plan my father had devised. But no one knew I held the key to such knowledge. I would not let the three Frenchmen rest, and together we pressed on through the night, changing horses and attire. We would soon be entering Scottish territory, and it would not do to get killed by the people I was trying to protect. The first night, I had made the French guards copy my letter to the Bruce devising my own plan and knowledge of the English. I knew at some point we would be split up, and it was necessary incase any of us were killed that one of us would be able to reach the Scots. I had changed out of my dress attire some time before, and now I took comfort in the fact that a man's tunic and leggings were much more to my liking on a horse. Speaking only in French, I conveyed to my companions that now was the time to part ways, and godspeed. Unsure of exactly where the Bruce would situate his attack, or counterattack, I took the northeast road. One of the Frenchmen, Jean Pierre Lautrec, refused to leave me, and said he had orders from the queen to accompany me no matter what happened. We were a day's ride to Stirling. That was where the bulk of the Scottish army would be. As we rode on a throbbing sensation shot through me. What was I to do….what was I to say when I saw Patrick? By then he might be married , a voice crept into my thoughts. Damn this, I have a job to do. \"Halt in the name if the king!\" A voice called from behind us. I pulled on my reigns, and Jean did the same. Turning our horses around, we saw three English guards riding toward us. My eyes widened, but I tried to gulp in my fear. \"We are on important business, and request passage, gentlemen,\" I said. The one who had spoken was a portly fellow, but his companions were tall and broad chested. The one to his right held his hand against his sheathed sword tilt. \"You do realize we are in the middle of a bloody war don't you? You're embarking on enemy territory.\" \"I have been given safe passage documentation from Her Majesty the Queen.\" Suddenly the letter to Robert the Bruce felt heavy in my bag. \"I don't care if you are the f-ing queen herself, I am to let no one pass.\" I smiled sweetly, \"If you would be so kind, good sir, my cousin lives in Argyll, and has been very sick-\" Jean-Pierre dismounted and handed him our documentation, and the guard threw it to the ground. \"Get down now, milady. We have our orders as well.\" I looked to my French guard, and he to me. We could not afford to be searched. I nodded, and Jean Pierre unsheathed his sword, sticking it through the fat guard's horse. The horse whinnied and fell, the English guard falling as well. The other two horses, scared by the commotion, reared as their riders tried to control them. \"Go, milady!\" Lautrec shouted, raising his sword to the second guard. I kicked my horse, spurring him forward. I could not look back, but just kept my face forward, my grip on the reigns tight. Something whizzed by my shoulder, and lodged itself in the nearest tree. The third guard let loose another arrow, this time catching the back leg of my horse. Down she fell, with me with her. I hit the ground hard on my side, rolling away. Hands grabbed my arms, and before I could protest my hands were being tied together. I wrestled, to no avail. They walked me back to their horses, the body of Lautrec lying beside the killed mare. The portly guard limped along, but kept a tight grip on my arm. Soon they would learn of my identity and purpose. The guard who had tried to shoot me lifted me up onto his horse, and together we rode toward the English camp. To my husband. ","Summary":" Author's Note- This is my second Wallace fic. This is actually more so a fiction story based on eve"},{"Movie":"Juno","Title":"Anyone Else But You","Author":"fivethingsunmixed","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4585434","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Freaks Prompt: #2 - Couple Word Count: 278 They were freaks, no doubt about it. Paulie Bleeker, the freakishly fast runner with the puppy eyes and warm smile, and Juno MacGuff, the knocked up delinquent with the sharp tongue and ebony hair. A couple of freakish freaks who'd grown up in one another's pocket and were now attached at the hip. \"We're a total couple of freaks, you know that, right?\" said Juno, biting into some red licorice. They were at Bleeker's home, doing their homework (in theory, anyway). Bleeker was sitting on his bed, trying to write and keep Juno's legs sprawled across his lap at the same time. \"Hm? Freaks?\" Bleeker looked up at Juno with honest confusion in his eyes, \"You're not a freak,\" \"Well, we hardly belong to what you'd classify as the 'normal' kind of people,\" \"What's normal?\" Bleeker looked curious, now. Juno smiled thinly. \"Not us,\" Bleeker put his homework on the floor, and then twisted his body so that he was lying next to Juno. He put his arms around her, and she snuggled into his embrace. \"Do you think you're a freak?\" Bleeker asked softly. \"I'm not normal,\" Bleeker let out a wry chuckle. \"That's not what I asked,\" Juno tilted her head. They were so close Bleeker could feel her eyelashes flutter on his cheek. She seemed to genuinely consider the question now. \"I guess it depends on your definition of freakiness. Whatever it is, if I'm a freak, then you're definitely a freak,\" \"I am?\" Bleeker smiled. \"You're my boyfriend, right?\" Bleeker tilted his head up and kissed her on the forehead. \"Yeah, Juno,\" he murmured, pulling her even closer, \"We're a total couple of freaks,\"[Chapter 2] Taunting Fishes Prompt: #44 - Fish Word Count: 237 \"Fishy-fishy-fish-fish,\" sang Juno, looking at Bleeker's fish. The fishes, unimpressed, ignored her. \"Hey! Bleeker! Your fish aren't talking to me!\" Bleeker, midway through writing a sentence, paused to stare at his girlfriend in sheer bemusement. \"They're fish, Juno. I mean, I like them and, you know, I hope they're happy, but they're fish and…fish can't talk Juno,\" \"But they're ignoring me!\" said Juno, smiling, \"You're ignoring me aren't you, you little fishies,\" Juno didn't know what it was, but Paulie Bleeker seemed to have this unnerving habit of bringing out her silly streak. Paulie just thought she was trying to wind him up. It worked. Bleeker sighed and walked over to give the fishes some fish food. \"Why don't you get fish of your own to sing at?\" he asked, suppressing a smile. \"Nah. I don't have the patience for, you know. Maintenance. It's much more fun to just come over and taunt your fishy fish fishes,\" \"So that's the only reason you come here?\" Bleeker asked, widening his puppy brown eyes. It was the closest he could get to a pout, and it tended to work. \"Yeah, Bleek,\" said Juno, wrapping her arms around his neck. Bleeker's pseudo-pout vanished into a lazy smile, \"That's the only reason I'm here,\" \"To taunt my fishes,\" said Bleeker. \"That's right. To taunt your fish,\" Bleeker kissed her. Unbeknownst to them, Bleeker's fish were watching the proceedings with mild amusement.[Chapter 3] The CD Store Prompt: #57 - Ex-Friends Word Count: 433 A child. He was a child . It had been a little over a year since Mark had first met Juno, and some days, inexplicably, he still missed her. Missed her dark hair, the way it smelled. Missed her smile, all sharp and rare and framed with bright red lips. Missed her voice, indignant, opinionated and, in retrospect, young. Mark wasn't sure what he loved; the girl, or the memories she brought with her. Was it her opinions on guitars that he loved, or the fact that he'd met someone who had them? Was it her young body curled up on his sofa that he loved, or the wide eyes and appreciative smile she gave of his passions in music in movies? Was it her steadily growing frame he loved, her skin pale, the way she felt against his body he loved, or was it the fact that she'd let him touch her without worrying what others thought or how he felt? Was it her grungy clothes and sweater vests he loved, or the fact that they reminded him of a time long gone? Mark didn't know. All he knew was that, stalking a CD store one day, he had seen her. Her hair was longer, but she still had those messy tufts over her ears. She was taller, too. And she was standing next to a tall boy ( child thought Mark maliciously) with sandy blond hair that was in the kind of artless mess that girls seem to find attractive. Juno pointed something out to him and he grinned. He had puppy eyes too, the kind girls find adorable. Calm down , Mark thought, there's nothing to suggest the two are together. Aside, of course, from the fact that the boy ( Paulie Bleeker Mark suddenly remembered) had put his arm around Juno's waist in a way that was both possessive and friendly, as if he wanted people to know she was his , but he didn't want to constrain her in any way. Mark suddenly felt very lonely. Juno turned up to look up at Paulie, but saw Mark. There was a long, long pause. Juno then walked down the aisle. Paulie, confused, followed her. \" Juno, who was that?\" \" That was Mark,\" \"The ex-husband?\" \"Yeah,\" \"I thought you two were friends,\" \"We were, until he became a class-A asshole,\" Sad eyes. A miserable set to her mouth. Paulie stepped forward and hugged her, gently. Juno smiled up at him, and the two shared a brief kiss, before leaving the CD store, swinging hands and smiling. Behind them Mark, feeling strangely empty, turned back into the store.[Chapter 4] Hiccups Prompt: #56 – Friends Word Count: 459 \"I said it before, and I'll say it again: You. Love. Bleeker,\" Juno glared at Leah over her blue slushie. The two were curled up in Leah's obscenely pink room; Juno's sweater vests such a gigantic contrast as to be almost artistic. \"I fail to see how this conversation of my emotions is useful in my delicate state,\" said Juno loftily. \"Delicate? Juno, you're massive . You look like a walking paperweight or something. I'm surprised they haven't dragged you up in health class for a living model,\" \"Yeah, I can totally see the class name,\" drawled Juno, \"Why You Always Wear Contraception,\" \"Why You Don't Have Sex In Chairs,\" \"Why You Don't Have Sex With Your Best Friend,\" \"Why You Should Always Admit It When You Fall In Lo – hey, stop it!\" Juno had leapt upon the bed where Leah lay and grabbed her in a half-nelson, Leah shrieking the whole time. \"Say uncle! Say uncle!\" \"Let go! Let go!\" The conversation continued in this vein for some time, until Leah finally gave up and yelled 'UNCLE!' prompting Leah's mother to look in on the two. \"You're not hurting Juno, are you?\" scolded Leah's mother. \"But Juno got me in the head lock!\" The two burst into a giggling fit. Shaking her head, Leah's mother left. Juno suddenly let out an 'oof!' type noise, followed by a 'hey!' and then a 'watch it!'. \"Baby kicking?\" said Leah. \"Kicking? No. Hiccuping? Yes.\" \"Wow, your baby is hiccuping ? I didn't even know they could do that! Grue some ,\" \"Hey, I'm sitting over here playing incubator to some hiccuping peanut and you're laughing !\" \"Yeah. I am,\" Juno glared at her friend, before making another face. \"Hey, dammit sea monkey, quite hiccuping already! Hold your breath or something…\" \"Is that really a good instruction to give, Junebug? I mean, what if the Juno-spawn holds its breath too long? \"Then I guess it'll fall unconscious or something,\" \"Fetuses are conscious?\" \"Well how else do they kick?\" \"Good argument for the pro-lifers, I guess,\" Juno stuck her tongue out at the mention of pro-lifers. Silence fell for a while, but it was comfortable silence. \"You love him,\" \" Leah !\" \"You love him!\" \"No!\" \"Youlovehimyoulovehimyoulovehimyoulovehim! You. Love. Him!\" \"He's Bleeker , Leah!\" \"Yeah. And you love him!\" Leah took a long slurp of her slushie, grinning around the straw at Juno, who made a face. They both noted, but did not comment on, the fact that Juno did not deny the last insistence Leah made. Juno absentmindedly ran a hand over her stomach. The hiccups slowly stopped, and Juno leaned back against the wall, hair getting caught under all the photos of older men Leah crushed on. The baby kicked. \"Dammit!\" \"Looks like it didn't fall unconscious after all,\"[Chapter 5] Peppermintpatti suggested some Bren/Mac/LB action. So, here's some Bren and Mac. LB can wait for prompt: sister. Embroidery and Forgiveness Prompt: #26 - Parents Word Count: 852 \"So, Junebug, how was school today?\" asked Mac. The comma that passed for his daughter looked up from the mountain of food she was blithely making her way through. \"Oh, same old, same old. Guys staring at my belly, girls wanting to feel the baby kick. Watching the corridors part before me like the Red Sea is pretty neat, though,\" \"How's Leah?\" he asked. Juno had a sneaking suspicion she knew where the conversation was headed, but decided to let her dad sweat his way there. \"She's good. Still flirting with Mr. Conyer when she thinks no one's looking. Watching the jocks reaction to it was funny. Steve Rendazo started squirming,\" \"Now, you remember Juno,\" said Mac, gesticulating with his fork, \"If that Rendazo kid start bothering you - -,\" \"- - I can always call you and you'll kick the crap out of him, I know dad,\" Juno smiled in spite of herself. Secretly, she wanted to see what would happen if she did ask him to hurt Steve Rendazo. She used to come up with blow by blow scenarios with Ble - - \"And that Bleeker kid,\" said Mac, glowering, \"How's he doing?\" Juno winced. That was never a good tone of voice. \"Uh…he's okay. I guess. I haven't really, you know, talked to him much since…\" the sentence slowly came to a mumble. Bren gave her a knowing look. She hated that look. Mostly because whenever Bren gave that look, it meant Bren had a good idea of what was really going on. The frustrating thing was that Bren was usually right. - - - \"That Bleeker kid,\" began Mac, but before his tirade could properly begin, Bren looked up from her needlepoint and raised her eyebrows. It was after dinner, and Juno had gone up to her room, presumably to do her homework. Mac carried no illusions though, but as long as Juno got good grades, how she got them was her business, especially in her current state. \"You used to get on quite well with him, as I recall,\" said Bren, adding in another stitch. \"That was before he knocked up Junebug,\" muttered Mac. Bren gave him the same look she had given Juno at dinner, and Mac frowned. \"You know she still likes him,\" Bren said, smiling slightly. \"She does?\" asked Mac. He sighed. The complexities of teenage emotions were too much for him, especially when it came to Juno. He liked to think he knew her as well as anyone, but she still had the ability to surprise. The fetus in her belly, for instance. \"If she didn't, she'd be angry at him,\" pointed out Bren, \"Or, at least, less angry than she is,\" \" Less angry?\" \"Well, part of the anger is the loss of her illusions. She had an idea of what things should be like with him, and now she's found that that idea is, well, wrong. The rest of the anger is just the natural anger that her life got's screwed over, she needs someone to blame…\" Bren let the sentence trail off, and returned to her needlework. \"But you saw this coming?\" \"Mm-hmm,\" \"…with the Bleeker kid?\" \"Mm-hmm,\" \"…am I the last to know?\" \"Mm-hmm,\" \"…damn,\" \"Just consider it an exercise in patience,\" Bren smiled at her husband. One more stitch, and she'd finished the lock of fur. The flash of a needle. The hiss of the thread. Bren put the hoop down, kissed Mac on the cheek and went to bed. Mac picked up the needlework and stared at the embroidered spaniel without seeing it. Saw instead his daughter, pacing and tense. Saw instead her belly swelling over the days, weeks, months. Saw instead Bren giving birth to LB. Saw instead his first wife giving birth to Juno. The newborn Juno, a scrap of screaming, red life. She was tiny, for a newborn, he remembered, and was kept overnight at hospital so the doctors could make sure she was okay. The runt of the litter. Juno. His first wife had accused him of wanting a boy instead of Juno, but the truth was it had been love at first sight. Newborn babies are hideous little things, covered in blood and placenta. The goddess Juno had been eaten as soon as she was born, Mac remembered, but he'd die before he'd hurt her or let her be hurt. His Juno. Mac put down the embroidered spaniel and went to bed, passing Juno's room. He looked up, hearing Juno talk. Probably on her hamburger phone. He paused, blinked, and then knocked on the door. Juno opened it and looked up at her dad. \"Good night, Juno,\" Mac said, feeling a strange twist in his heart. \"Good night, dad,\" \"Hey, Juno,\" Juno paused, halfway back into her room. \"Yeah, dad?\" \"…nothing. Just make sure that Bleeker kid doesn't knock you up again,\" Juno stared after her father, confused. It was the first time in months that he'd said something about Bleeker that wasn't a threat of bodily harm, and Juno couldn't suppress the thought: If dad's willing to forgive him…maybe I am, too.[Chapter 6] When Liberty Bell was born, Juno's amount of caring was: zip (Hopefully correct) translations are at the bottom. Kindly correct me, because I know I probably fucked up and it would be nice to have the correct forms. Te Amo Prompt: #30 – Sister Word Count: 698 When Liberty Bell was born, Juno's amount of caring was: zip. She didn't get jealous of LB's attention, not when it meant she and Bleeker could hang out every school night without Mac and Bren noticing. As LB got older, Juno had to start toeing the line again and actually doing her school work. Not that it was hard – with Bleek to help, she was sure to pass. Not necessarily with flying colors, but definitely pass. It had been a month after Juno had given birth, and she and Bleeker were in her bedroom, doing their homework. \" I don' t entiende la lengua inglesa a veces …\" muttered Juno as she scrawled something that vaguely resembled the beginning of an essay. Bleeker raised his eyebrows at her. \" 'I don't understand the English language sometimes'…\" he translated out loud, before looking at Juno in confusion, \"Why do you ask for my help in Spanish class all the time?\" \"Well, I dunno…\" Juno tried to find the best way to make Bleeker squirm, and grinned, \" Me gusta tener algo bonito que mirar cuando estudio ,\" she said. Bleeker looked up at the ceiling while translating, before blushing. \" Te amo …?\" he said, hesitantly. Juno froze, then smiled shyly. \"Yeah,\" she said softly, \"Right back at ya,\" The two were smiling at one another when Liberty Bell burst in, ruining the mood. \"Whatcha doing?\" she said, bouncing up onto the bed. When it looked like Juno was going to give a sharp reply, Bleeker immediately cut in. \"We're studying,\" \"What were you saying?\" \"We were talking in Spanish,\" said Bleeker. Juno did not look happy with her half-sister. \"Ooo. Is Spanish hard?\" \" Pudiera matarla ,\" muttered Juno. Bleeker looked up at the ceiling briefly, and then glared at Juno, \"Just, you know, in case you were interested,\" she replied defensively. \"What did ya just say, Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuno?\" asked LB. Juno flinched. \"Nothing, LB,\" said Bleeker, still glaring at Juno, who sighed. Liberty Bell squirmed her way in between the two teenagers and smiled up at Juno, who got a strange look on her face. \" Campana de libertad ,\" said Juno softly to her half-sister, \"Shouldn't you be practicing your dance?\" \"But you're fun!\" said Liberty Bell with a smile. Juno blinked and then smiled back gently. \"I'll be back in a sec,\" said Bleeker, leaving the room. \"How do you say 'Juno' in Spanish?\" he heard LB ask. \"Um…it's just 'Juno', LB,\" said her sister. \"Well, how do you say 'Junebug' then?\" Juno picked up her Spanish book and, tilting it so that LB could read it, she started looking for the right words. \"June bug… insecto de junio ,\" \"That means Junebug?\" \"Actually, it means insect of June, but close enough,\" LB giggled. \"What was it you said earlier?\" she asked, with wide eyes, \"When you asked me if I was practicing?\" \" ' Campana de libertad ?',\" \"Yeah!\" \"It's your name, LB,\" Liberty Bell blinked at Juno, before smiling and flinging her arms around her sister's neck, half-choking her. \"LB, let go! I can't – breathe – !\" just as Juno gasped it out, Liberty Bell let go. Juno was about to give her half-sister a stern lecture about hugging older sisters without warning, when Liberty Bell interrupted. \"What does ' te amo ' mean?\" Juno froze and blushed fiercely. \"Um…it means 'I love you',\" \"Oh,\" said Liberty Bell, before looking up at her sister with the innocence of a child, \"Junebug?\" \"Yeah, LB?\" \" Te amo ,\" said her sister, squirming her way onto Juno's lap. \"Yeah, LB,\" Juno hugged her little sister, \" Te amo ,\" A few moments later, Bleeker returned and blinked to see his girlfriend cuddling her half-sister. He'd expected affection, but he'd never seen this side of Juno. \"Uh…Junebug? Liberty Bell?\" he said hesitantly. Liberty Bell looked up from Juno's arms and wriggled onto the floor, before flinging herself at Bleeker. \" Te amo !\" she squeaked, before dashing downstairs. \"She's going to be saying that to everyone,\" said Juno with a wry smile. Bleeker leaned over and kissed her. \"Juno?\" \"Yeah, Bleek,\" her eyes sparkled, \"I know,\" \"Just…you know. Making sure,\" Then, from below came Mac's voice, confused and irked. \"Liberty Bell, what in the hell are you babbling about?!\" - - - Probably incorrect translations for everything that isn't immediately translated afterward: Me gusta tener algo bonito que mirar cuando estudio – It's nice having something to look at while I study Pudiera matarla – I can kill it Campana de libertad – Freedom bell Many thanks to Rox1108 for correcting some of my mistranslations.[Chapter 7] It might seem that I'mnmimicking Rowling but I couldn't think of a better way to end it. Title:nDated 28 th Prompt:n#76 - Death Word Count: 947 28 th December DearnJuno, I know you said you wanted a closed adoption,nbut I felt that it was your right to know that your son died of ansudden illness on the 24 th .nThe funeral will be held on the 4 th of January. Yours, Vanessa Juno stared at thenletter, unseeing. \"Junebug?\" saidnBren, \"Junebug, is something wrong?\" \"I…\" Juno'snhands were starting to shake, \"I need…I need to go over to…tonBleek's. I'll be…back…\" Juno put on her shoesnand coat and left the house in almost absent way. The pavement was icynbeneath Juno's feet, and she found herself counting the steps asnshe went along. 2…8…19…22…25… Juno looked up atnBleeker's house. Her breath frosted in the air. Ice clung to herneyelashes. Juno swallowed and walked up to her boyfriend's house. Knock, knock. Bleeker's mothernopened the door. Her lips were pressed together into the angry linenthey always set in when Juno came over, but this time she paused. Juno looked different.nThe sparkling mischief that always filled her eyes was gone. Thenwicked smile that lurked about her lips was nowhere to be seen. Shenlooked…lost. Like a little girl searching for her mother. Junonopened up her mouth to say something, but nothing came out. For an eternity, thentwo stood there, Bleeker's mother horrified at the change in thengirl she so vehemently disliked, Juno incapable of forming words. \"You'dnbetter come inside, Juno,\" said Bleeker's mother, and Juno, whilennumbed, was still awake enough to register the shock that Bleeker'snmother spoke to her so gently. Making a noise of gratitude, thenteenager was led in. Bleeker's mother sat her down on a nearbyncouch and bustled over to the kitchen for a few minutes, beforenreturning with a cup of hot chocolate. \"I'll go getnPaulie,\" she said. Partway to the door, she turned back and askednJuno a question, and Juno had the bizarre feeling that Bleeker'snmother wasn't sure whether or not she wanted the answer. The question was: \"Who is it?\" Silence reigned for anmoment, and Juno then put a hand on her belly. A look of horrornpassed across the woman's face, then replaced by sadness. \"Paulie!\" shencalled up the stairs. - - - Bleeker had beennpracticing on his guitar when he heard his mother call. Curious, henleaned out the door and looked down the stairs to see his mother… Among the worst sightsnin the world is the sight of your own mother crying. The helplessnessnand confusion is almost overwhelming. Bleeker's mothernwasn't crying, but she looked pretty close. \"Mom, what'snwrong?\" \"Juno's here,\"nwas all his mother said, prompting more than slight confusion. Whatnhad Juno done to upset his mother so much? Dartingndown the stairs, Bleeker froze when he saw his girlfriend on thencouch, holding a mug of hot chocolate in her hands. Her face, alwaysnfair, was now white as the dead, and her dark brown eyes lookednblack. Her black hair looked lifeless, and the expression on her facenmade Bleeker stop breathing for an instant. Silently, she held outnan envelope. Bleeker managed tonforce himself to breathe, and then went and took the envelope. Henopened it, feeling the pressure of both women's gazes on him. Bleeker read thenmessage. His face tightened, then it went pink, then white, and thensplotchy red of a boy trying very hard not to cry. He sat down nextnto Juno, who put her hot chocolate on a nearby coffee table. They first held onenanother's hands, just looking at one another, wordless. Bleeker'snface then collapsed, Juno's cheeks reddened and the two burst intonempty, silent tears. Hours seemed to pass.nHours of weeping, hours of cheeks scraped raw and red, hours ofnchoked out sobs. Thentwo ran out of tears, and found themselves dozing off on the couchnand sometime, when the two slept, their hands found one another andnwove their fingers together. - - - They didn't go to thenfuneral in the end. Why would they? He wasn't there's, no matternhow much they wept. But they grievednanyway. For a nameless nine months now four days dead. When theyncalled Leah the next day, to tell her the news, she arrived atnBleeker's two hours later, her face scored and scratched by tears. The three spent hoursntogether, wrapped up in silence for the unknown dead. Nighttime foundnthem all curled up in Bleeker's living room, eyes wide and wet,neach weeping tears they were certain nobody else could hear. The third day broke,nand so did their grief, like some kind of fever. Mindlessly, likenrobots, they bustled about with daytime chores. Bleeker's mothernmoved to make them breakfast, and then seemed to change her mind, andnwent back to bed instead. They made French toast, and Leah finallynbroke the silence. \"I still don't getnwhy you have ketchup on your French toast,\" \"I still don't getnwhy you have maple syrup on yours,\" retorted Bleeker. Thenthree stared at one another, and then burst into laughter,nmade more of relief than mirth. - - - A soft snowfall came anweek later, and the three built snow forts and had snowball fightsn('wars' Juno called it). Juno and Leah teamed up against Bleeker,nwho had the unfair advantage of having a fort already made when thenwar began. Leah's hat got buffeted off by a stray snowball, Junonwas forced to use her jacket to carry ammunition and Bleeker'snmother, well, her dislike of Juno returned full force. All was well.[Chapter 8] Well, maybe she doesn't really count as an 'ex-lover' but that was what prompted this somewhat bizarre little ficlet. Calling In Sick Prompt: #60 – Ex-Lovers Word Count: 156 \"I never went to the prom,\" Juno stared at Bleeker following this announcement. \"Uh…what?\" \"I never went to the prom,\" he repeated. The two were curled up in 'the chair', both excessively nude. Bleeker gently stroked Juno's hair. \"But…you said… Leah said…\" \"I changed my mind,\" Bleeker looked slightly sheepish. He scratched the back of his head, looking almost guilty, \"I, uh, called in sick,\" There was a brief moment of silence. \" Were you sick?\" \"Well, I didn't look well. Apparently,\" \"Next you're going to tell me you always run a fever,\" teased Juno. \"I wasn't lying. Not really. I did feel sick,\" Bleeker wet his lips and gently pushed one of Juno's locks of hair away from her face so he could see her eyes, \"I hurt,\" Juno sighed, and then leaned into Bleeker's arms, tucking her head under his chin. \"So I guess Leah and I destroyed Katrina's mailbox for nothing,\" \"That was you ?\" \"Uhh…\"[Chapter 9] Of course, the obvious reaction to the prompt 'life' would have been the kid being born. Me? I like to think of myself as a law unto myself. Besides, this was infinitely more fun, even if it did turn out being a little longer than expected. Title: At The Mall Word Count: 1,100 Prompt: #77 – Life Juno was walking past the playpen in the mall when she felt a small hand tug at the edge of her jeans. Juno at nineteen was a tad different than Juno at sixteen. The horrors of University had inflicted their cruel wiles upon her life, and the discovery that neither lecturers nor tutors got worried when she snarked at them showed, not only a greater resilience than that of high school teachers, but also a longer memory, as some of the nastier tutors had taken it into their head to ask Juno questions wherever possible. Ticketh off not tutors, for they have Great Powers. Thanks to these cruel masters, Juno now looked a great deal more tired, but her tenacity led to a sparkle in her eyes whenever her chosen subject (Spanish) came up in conversation. Her tendency to swear viciously at lecturers in Spanish was legendary. \"Uh…hi?\" said Juno hesitantly. It had been several years since she'd had to deal with a three year old, and she had not been, well, good at it. She was about to pull away when something knocked her inside her cluttered head and yelled at her to look at the kid. Juno fell down to her haunches and took a good long look at the child. His hair was a tousled mess of black, and his huge wide eyes were puppy brown. His nose was pixie short, and he had a soft, wide mouth. \"Hello,\" he said in a high voice. \"Didn't your mommy teach you not to talk to strangers?\" asked Juno, amused in spite of herself. Something about the child was so utterly adorable that Juno found herself biting back the urge to cuddle it in her arms and coo over it like some of those silly girls had when she was preg – Pregnant. Motherly instinct. Dark hair in curled tousles. Puppy eyes filled with trust. A sweet smile. A high, loving voice. Juno swallowed hard. Her son didn't really respond, except to tilt his head to one side and regard her with wide child eyes. \"You should go back to your mom,\" said Juno, her voice cracking on the last word. She had wondered, every now and then, what Vanessa's child looked like. Both Mac and Juno's mother had dark hair, she knew, so it probably had dark hair. That was about as far as her knowledge of theoretical genetics went before it got too complicated for her emotion-fried brain to finish. She never asked Bleeker his thoughts on it. She wasn't sure if she wanted to know. Sometimes, though, he got a faintly wistful look in his eyes, and she knew he was thinking about their unknown son. As a general rule, neither of them particularly gave a damn, but every now and then, the thoughts were impossible to repress. The memories of that brief taste of adulthood every now and then surfaced like a curious dolphin, laughing at her with knowing eyes. And here it was, standing right in front of her, sucking his thumb. \"You shouldn't do that,\" chided Juno, gently tugging at his fist. The child removed the offending thumb. \"That's what mommy says,\" he replied. \"Well, your mommy is right,\" said Juno, \"And you shouldn't talk to strangers,\" Juno left immediately, as quickly as she could. She needed to find a payphone. She needed Bleeker to tell her she wasn't crazy. - - - \"You're not crazy,\" \"You're sure?\" \"Pretty sure. I mean, I haven't seen any guys in white coats around the campus so I assume not,\" \"And if there were, they'd probably be going after Melody,\" The two shared a shudder for the lecturer who had no problems making their lives hell with a smile on her face and a song in her heart. \"What did he look like?\" even over the cruddy mall payphone Bleeker sounded choked and confused. \"Dark, curly hair. My nose. Your eyes and mouth. My lack of self-preservation,\" \"I knew it was genetic,\" \"Oh, shut up you,\" Juno could feel Bleeker's smile against the earpiece. \"Did you see Vanessa?\" \"Not yet. Not that I want to, your mom makes life awkward enough without adding to the aching pain of squirminess,\" \"Look at it this way: It'll be well over a month before we get kicked out of the campus houses,\" \"I'm not sure which is better: your mother's loathing or that girl who wanders around half naked,\" \"Oh, she was fully naked the other day,\" \"Good god, Bleek!\" \"Well. She was wearing her panties,\" \"You looked !?\" \"Accidentally! I heard Leah let out a scream of horror, looked out the door to see what was happening and…well…she was there! All…wibbly and wobbly and deserving of X Cups,\" \"Ugh! She's that bad?\" \"Are you kidding?! It was horrible! And you know what's worse?\" \"No, but I'm sure you'll tell me,\" \"They were pink,\" \" Pink ?!\" \"And had yellow daises on them,\" \" Yellow daises ?! How old is this woman?! I take it back, your mother is better – at least she doesn't force nakedness upon us!\" \"A medical students dream,\" \"Oh no!\" The conversation continued in this vein for some time, until Juno got another tug on her jeans. She looked down to see hers and Bleeker's son staring at her. \"What's a 'labia'?\" Juno stared at her son for a long, long time before bursting into hysterical laughter, enough to overcome the emotional horror of her son's innocence. \"Mikey!\" said a familiar voice, \"I've already told you not to both..er..strang…ers…\" Vanessa and Juno stared at one another for a long time. \"I'll call you back,\" said Juno into the phone before hanging up. \"What are you doing here, Juno?\" asked Vanessa breathlessly. \"Well, you know. It's a mall. Figured I'd come here and be a delinquent university student,\" \"Oh? What are you doing?\" \"Double major in Spanish and Linguistics,\" \"That sounds…difficult,\" \"Oh god, the pain!\" The two looked at one another before bursting into giggles. Juno backed out of the payphone and started to walk away. \"It was…good to see you, Vanessa,\" said Juno, surprising herself with how shy she felt. \"Um…yes. Maybe I'll…see you again…\" \"Yeah…hey, Mikey!\" the child looked up at her, \"Remember not to talk to strangers! It'll get you in trouble someday, right Vanessa?\" The two spent what seemed like an eternity just staring at one another, drinking in the future of what might have been. \"See you, Vanessa,\" said Juno with a smile. And Juno left, returning to her life and future, and problems she could deal with. Like an oversized student in floral underwear. The pain. - - - This is to say nothing bad about floral underwear. I don't actually own anyway, but there are probably very lovely and attractive people who do. It just seemed like an appropriate way to continue a conversation I totally didn't plan.[Chapter 10] The title doesn't really have anything to do with the storyline, other than referencing a joke I quite like. Not my best work by any stretch of the imagination, but I'm happy with it nonetheless. It could have turned out a lot worse, after all. There's not really much in the way of Juno/Bleeker in this one, or really in the last. Recently, the fics have more been using it as a device to help tell the story, rather than outright being the story. As it should well be. Tit le: 99 Fat Free Prompt: #91 – Birthday Word Count: 557 Juno was depressed. Juno wasn't just depressed. Juno was unhappy. Juno was despairing. Juno was depressed plus , now with extra emotion. Still 99% fat free, though. Somewhere outside her bedroom window a bird squeaked. \"Go sing in someone else's ear,\" she muttered. The hamburger phone let out a cheery ring. Groaning in self-pity, Juno picked it up. \"Howdy,\" she said, voice close to emotionless. \"Hey, Junebug, it's Bleeker. Um…do you want Leah and me to come over?\" \"What gave you the idea I'd want company?\" deadpanned Juno. \"Well…\" Bleeker sounded as if he were trying to get an idea across without outright saying it, \"I mean…you sound sad. And…uh…it's…\" Bleeker's voice trailed down to barely a whisper, \"…it's May 4th,\" Juno heaved a sigh. \"Yeah, sure. I can't guarantee you'll manage to survive the massive pit of self-loathing I've managed to carve myself,\" \"How massive is massive?\" \"Got any Evanescence?\" \"Okay, pretty massive. Leah and I will be over there in a sec,\" \"Yeah, Bleek. See you soon,\" Juno hung up, and returned to counting the bumps on her ceiling. She'd just gotten up to nine-hundred and twenty-three… - - - One thousand eighty four…one thousand eighty five…one thousand eighty six… \"Hey! Juno!\" said a familiar voice. One thousand eighty seven…one thousand eighty eight…one thousand eighty nine… \"Juuuuuuuuuuuuu nooooooooooooooo !\" said Leah, knocking at the door and bouncing on the balls of her feet. Tired in her depression, Juno lifted her head to notice a faint, flickering light under her bedroom door. \"Enter,\" she said. The door opened and in walked Leah with her patented Cheerful Cheerleader Grin and Bleeker with his shy puppy eyes. He held a cupcake with blue icing. A single candle sat in the centre, it's flame flickering and dancing. The two sat down and put the cake in front of Juno. Leah leaned back on Juno's bed, Bleeker leaned on his knees. Both of them fixed unreadable gazes on Juno. \"Happy birthday,\" said Bleeker softly. \"Yeah,\" said Juno, a single tear dripping down her cheek, \"Happy birthday,\" There was quiet for a moment, and Bleeker gently wiped away the tear, before pressing a soft kiss on her cheek, then on her forehead. He held and squeezed her hand. \"Well?\" Leah's voice was soft and gentle, \"Are you gonna blow it out? Make sure you make a wish,\" Juno stared at the candle. \"It's not my birthday, though,\" she said, her voice cracking. \"You think your parents don't celebrate your birthday?\" asked Bleeker. Juno looked at him for a bit, before looking at their clasped hands. \"But I'm not his mother,\" \"No,\" agreed Leah, \"But you're sad, and chocolate cake cheers everyone up. So make a wish,\" Juno took a deep breath and blew the lone candle out. The flame flickered stubbornly for a moment, and then died. Leah and Bleeker applauded, and Juno let out a soft laugh. Leah and Bleeker didn't ask what she wished, because they both thought they knew. Leah thought she'd made a wish about herself. Bleeker thought she'd made a wish about her friends. But in actuality, when Juno took that breath, her only thought was: I wish Vanessa and her son happiness. And then they had chocolate cake, which isn't 99% fat free, but when you're making someone happy, it's not something you tend to take into consideration.[Chapter 11] Yes, I do own a tortoiseshell called Juno. She's lovely and beautiful, but also a mean old lady. And she is old . No, really. She's, like, sixteen and that is old for any cat, even a moggy. I had far too much fun writing this. See, this is why I signed up for this. Because writing Juno fics is so much fun . Title: Free to a Good Home Prompt: #42 – Cat Word Count: 931 \"No. Just…no. I refuse to believe you have done this to me. I refuse to believe you have betrayed me this way,\" Bleeker stared up at his girlfriend blankly. Of all the reactions he had expected to this new aspect of his life, this one had not been high up on the list. The tabby gray kitten on his lap squeaked adorably and looked up at Juno, fixing her the wide, bewildered stare of kittens everywhere. \"It's just a kitten, Juno,\" \"I hate kittens. They're so…soppy! And cute!\" \"What's wrong with soppy and cute? Come on Juno,\" Bleeker looked up at her. His eyes widened and his lips pouted slightly. The corner of Juno's mouth twitched, \"Can I keep her?\" \"But - - I mean - - she - - where did you get her?\" \"Down the road,\" he said, petting the kitten. Purring loudly, she wound herself around his hands, her seal-like tail catching in the crook of his thumb, \"The Beach's cat had a litter, and they gave them up: 'Free to a good home'. Mum said I could keep her,\" Bleeker looked up at Juno, his face still in an adorable expression of pleading. \"But - - she - - it's a cat , Bleek! Why do you want one of those vicious, mangy, scratchy, fur-shedding monsters in your house?!\" \"I was trying to name her,\" said Bleeker, completely ignoring Juno's plea, \"But I couldn't think of anything. Suggestions?\" \"It?\" \"What, for a name?\" \"Yeah,\" \"No! I'm not calling my kitten 'it'!\" the cloud gray kitten curled up in Bleeker's lap, opened one very red mouth and yawned, before closing it's eyes and going to sleep. \"That?\" \"No!\" \"Sh – ,\" \"No swear words!\" \"Well, what then?\" asked Juno, exasperated, \"I don't like cats, Bleek! Besides, she'll probably try to eat your fish,\" \"Nah,\" he said, \"The Beach's said that so long as I keep the tank high enough, she won't try. She'll be more likely to try and hit them through the glass and then look confused when she can't,\" \"Argh! I am not helping you name your stupid little kitten!\" Juno, sullen, collapsed into Bleeker's bean bag. There was silence for a moment. The kitten then jumped off Bleek's lap and walked over to Juno, who glared at it. \"Piss off, pussycat, I'm not in the mood,\" but the kitten blinked at her with wide, kitten eyes and rubbed it's cheek against her leg. \"Aw,\" said Bleeker, \"She's already saying you're hers,\" Juno glared at the tiny scrap of life that blinked up at her. \"I'm not hers,\" spat Juno. \"Well, she's marking you. That's why they rub their cheeks against you, you know,\" Bleeker smiled mischievously, \"The Beach's oldest cat, the one who gave birth to her? She's a tortoiseshell called Juno,\" Juno blinked at Bleeker, \"Well, that's why I wanted you to name her,\" The kitten was trying, without success, to climb the bean bag. Juno, frowning, picked it up by the scruff of it's neck and, on instinct, the kitten curled up. Juno glared at it, before dropping it on her lap where it proceeded to squeak smugly. \"Did the Greeks have a god for cats?\" she asked, running a finger down the kitten's back. It's fur was soft and warm, good for cuddling. \"No, but the Egyptians did. Her name was Bast and - - \" \"No, it should be Greek. Or Roman,\" \"Well, I don't know about Greek or Roman, but the Norse gods had a love goddess who rode a chariot of flying cats,\" Juno gave Bleeker a pitying look when he said that. \"I doubt that so much. No self-respecting cat would pull a chariot, not even for a goddess,\" \"True,\" There was quiet for a while as Juno twisted her mouth, thinking about what to name the kitten. The little thing sat back on his hind legs and looped it's claws through Juno's shirt. Juno patiently unhooked the kitten. A smile then spread over her face. \"I know what we can call her…\" - - - \"Well,\" said Juno watching the kitten a week later, \"She certainly fit into her namesake,\" Indeed she did. Hera had a habit of being nasty to anybody or thing that even touched something she decided was hers. Fortunately, she seemed to count Juno as 'hers', so Juno was rarely on the receiving end of Hera's sharp claws. To Juno's glee, Hera did not get along with Bleeker's mother. No matter how many toys she bought the kitten, Hera refused to acknowledge her as matriarch of the household and, despite being only a few months old, was convinced that the house belonged to her. \"Told you that you'd like her,\" said Bleeker smugly. \"I don't like her!\" protested Juno. Bleeker leaned over and kissed her under the ear, \"That tickles,\" murmured Juno, leaning into him. \"You like her,\" Bleeker said, kissing her under her jaw, \"Admit it,\" \"Well,\" said Juno, in an almost absentminded fashion as Bleeker kissed her neck, wrapping his arms around her waist, \"I…suppose if you insist…\" \"Which I do,\" said Bleeker, kissing the back of her neck. Juno shivered before twisting around and tackling him to the bed, kissing him firmly on the mouth. \"Meow,\" she said with a grin, running a finger down the centre of his face. \"Meow,\" he said back, smiling. He was pulling her down for a long kiss when… \" OW !\" \"Juno! What's wrong?\" \"That stupid kitten bit me!\" Bleeker sighed. It looked like his womenfolk weren't going to get as long as well as he'd hoped…[Chapter 12] Yes, I like High School Musical. Shut up. The songs are 'Stick to the Status Quo' and 'Breaking Free'. Anybody who knows the movie, of course, will now have had most of the ficlet spoiled for them. Sorry. All songs in this belong to Disney, not me. I can write song lyrics sometimes, but I can't compose to save myself. Title: Breaking Free Prompt: #82 – Singer Word Count: 1,064 Juno had managed to sneak her way into Bleeker's house while his mom was out, and intended to take her boyfriend by surprise, when she discovered a horrible secret. As she crept down the corridor toward his room, she was curious when she heard…singing? Tiptoeing up to his door, she leaned against the door and felt her jaw drop as she heard Bleeker singing what, to her, was the sound of evil. No, no, no, no, Stick to the stuff you know If you wanna stay cool Follow one simple rule Don't mess with the flow no, no Stick to the status quo Horrified, Juno slowly opened his door and looked in to see… …Bleeker, shirtless, obviously just out of the shower, brushing his hair and singing into the mirror. Look at me and what do you see? Intelligence beyond compare But inside I am stirring Something strange is occurring It's a secret I have to share… \"That you sing songs from High School Musical?\" Bleeker jumped a foot in the air and turned to stare, red-cheeked, at Juno. \"Uh, Juno, um, ah, er…uh, what are you doing here?\" \"Your mom was out so I snuck in through the corridor window,\" said Juno, the corners of her mouth slowly turning up as she fought back a burst of giggles. \"Oh. Um. Could you, uh, call ahead? Next time?\" \"Why? Are you scared I'll catch you singing 'Bop to the Top'?\" Bleeker opened his mouth to argue, when a thought seemed to occur to him. \"Hey, waitasec…how do you know High School Musical?\" Juno, to Bleeker's glee, blushed furiously. \"Um…LB was watching it the, um…other…night…\" \"You were watching it weren't you?\" said Bleeker, grinning. \"No I wasn't!\" protested Juno, \"It was LB who asked Bren to buy her the DVD!\" \"And I'm sure LB is the only person who has watched that DVD,\" said Bleeker solemnly. If Juno was going to mock him for singing 'Stick to the Status Quo', he'd mock her right back for actually knowing where it came from. \"Bleek! I didn't…I mean I don't…I mean…\" With a smile, Bleeker wrapped his arms around Juno, before gently leaving a kiss on her forehead. \"Okay,\" said Juno grudgingly, \"So…maybe I watched it once or twice…\" Bleeker, with a grin, started to sing again. We're soarin', flyin' There's not a star in heaven That we can't reach Juno, leaning against Bleeker, hoping he couldn't hear, sang softly. If we're trying So we're breaking free. Bleeker kissed her on the forehead again. You know the world can see us In a way that's different from who we are. \"You don't seriously expect me to sing the rest of Gabriella's part, do you?\" said Juno in an accusatory voice. \"You sang the first bit of her part,\" pointed out Bleeker. Rather than reply to that, Juno leaned up and kissed him on the lips, and then rested her head on his chest. Creating space between us ' till we're separate hearts Bleeker smirked. But your faith it gives me strength He added his voice to Juno's reluctant but sweet one. Strength to believe Bleeker then grinned, leaned back and grabbed her hand before leading her around his bedroom, dancing. Half of Juno's singing got lost in her laughter. We're breaking free! We're soarin'! Flyin'! There's not a star in heaven That we can't reach! Juno grabbed Bleeker's hairbrush, and Bleeker grabbed a can of aerosol and the two held them like microphones, laughing the whole way the song. Bleeker's mouth was in such a wide grin it was comical. If we're trying! So we're breaking free! Oh, we're breaking free! Juno was giggling madly, which was okay, seeing as currently Bleeker was doing most of the singing anyway. Can you feel it building? Like a wave the ocean just can't control? Juno finally started managing to gasp out some lines, although they were more spoken than sang in between her giggles. Connected by a feeling Ohhh, in our very souls The two sang together again, their voices hideously off key but sounding bizarrely beautiful together. Rising till it lifts us up So every one can see – We're breaking free! We're soaring! Flying! There's not a star in heaven That we can't reach! If we're trying So we're breaking free! Unbeknownst to them, Bleeker's mother had come home and was confused to hear loud voices singing. As the two laughed through the melody and harmony, she climbed the stairs to see what the fuss was all about. Running! Climbing! To get to that place To be all that we can be! Now's the time! So we're breaking free! Ohh yeah! \"If only we had someone to be Kelsie and play the piano,\" mused Juno as Bleeker burst into the next bit of the song. More than hope, More than faith Juno stumbled a bit over the bean bag, before picking up the lyrics. This is true, This is fate And together We see it comin'! Bleeker got down on one knee and put on a face of soppy adoration. Juno's giggles resurfaced with a vengeance. More than you More than me Juno put on a look of adoration as well, making Bleeker start laughing. Juno looked a lot funnier than Bleeker. Not a want But a need! Bleeker's mother, listening in on the two sing, was torn between amusement and horror. She didn't want to even see what kind of excuse for dancing the two were up to, and mused that the two sounded a lot better when they were singing together than when they were doing their separate parts. Both of us breakin' free! Juno fell onto the bean bag. Soarin'! Bleeker made little flapping motions with his hands when his line came. Juno was all but choking. Flyin'! There's not a star in heaven That we can't reach! If we're trying So we're breakin' free! Astonishingly, Juno was able to sing her next few bars. Breaking free! We're running! Climbing! To Bleeker's mother's relief, they started singing together again. Thank god. To get to the place To be all that we can be! Now's the time! Now's the time! So we're breaking free! Ohh we're breaking free! You know the world can see us In a way that's different than who we are Bleeker kissed Juno. \"You liked it. Admit it,\" \"Oh, go fly a kite,\"[Chapter 13] A vaguely comedic ficlet. I had far too much fun writing it. Title: And Then… Prompt: #1 – OTP Word Count: 420 \"What are you doing?\" A lot of conversations with Juno seemed to start that way. \"Oh, I got bored,\" said Bleeker, \"Googled my name,\" \"Come up with much?\" Bleeker tilted his head so that Juno could see. To her amusement, the whole screen was made more or less of pages touting sporting awards, apart from one. \"What the hell is this?\" she wondered aloud. Bleeker leaned over with her to inspect the link. \"I have no idea,\" said Bleeker. Juno looked at him and smiled. Bleeker looked so sweet when he was confused; all raised eyebrows and wide eyes and parted lips. Juno bit back the immediate urge to lean over and kiss him like she normally did whenever he looked particularly kissable, \"It has your name too, Juno,\" \"It does?\" \"Yeah…and there's a weird backslash,\" The two stared at the computer screen. 'Juno/Bleeker OTP' it read. Bleeker twisted his mouth, opened a new tab, typed in Wikipedia and wrote 'OTP' in the search line. \"Outdoor Therapeutic Program…\" the two looked at the previous page. If it had anything to do with outdoor programs, it wasn't evident. Bleeker clicked back to Wikipedia article. Juno started giving him a hickey. \"Juno, quit it,\" Bleeker murmured, \"I can't read with you doing that. Don't you want to find out what it - - ah!\" Juno snickered inwardly at Bleeker's reaction to her grazing her teeth against his neck. Bleeker swiveled the computer chair around, dislodging Juno and grabbing her around the waist. He grinned at her, and Juno smiled back, tangling her fingers in his tousled hair. \"I'm sure it can wait…\" she purred, before leaning down and kissing him. - - - A while later, Bleeker started inspecting the computer screen again. The fact that he was extremely nude, and that a similarly naked Juno was sprawled on his lap, did not seem to bother him. Juno stirred and shivered a bit. Bleeker leaned over and grabbed his comforter, before pulling it around his girlfriend, who hummed and snuggled closer to him. \"One-time programmable,\" he murmured beneath his breath, \"No…one-time pad in cryptography…no…one-time password…possible, but no…One True Pair – wait, what?!\" \"Huh?\" said Juno, a bit dazed, \"What?\" \"One True Pairing, usually used to denote a fanatical devotion to one pairing in a fandom, excluding all others…\" Bleeker, horrified, clicked back to the previous page, \"One-shot, romance, Juno/Bleeker OTP…' Bleeker read aloud. \"What does that - - ,\" \"Someone is writing stories about us, Juno!\" \"What?!\" And then the fourth wall broke.[Chapter 14] A sweet little bit of nonsense. Less than quarter of the way through, and I think it's best to do a brief disclaimer to the tune of: 'Juno and all characters and places associated, does not belong to me. Hell's Pizzas is a trademark and, likewise, does not belong to me.' Yes, Hell's Pizza is a real pizza chain in New Zealand. Trust me on this. Title: Welcome to Hell Prompt: #17 – Pizza Word Count: 938 \"Welcome to Hell, may I take your order?\" Juno's voice came out flat and dead. She hated this job already, and she'd only been working a month. Hell's Pizzas was the newest chain in town, and supposedly made the best pizzas. Bren, who Juno was currently cursing, had encouraged Juno to get part time work there, as they were more than a little short on hands. Juno regretted it from the moment she got her first call. \"Hi,\" Juno was shocked to discover that the woman over the counter had to be in her fifties, \"I'll have…a snack Greed, Lust and Grimm, please,\" \"Uh…will there be any sides with that?\" asked Juno weakly, still shocked. The woman's bright pink cardigan contrasted so strongly against the black and red of the shop that Juno had a hard time looking at her. \"Mmm…some lemon pepper wedges and hell dogs, too,\" \"Uh…what sauce do you want?\" \"Sour cream will do, thank you,\" \"Uh…sure,\" Money was exchanged. Juno wrote out the order as quickly as she could and handed it to the cook, Aaron, who sighed. \"Juno, can't you write more legibly?\" he stuck it up on the list and Juno winced. The pizzas were made more or less right in front of the customers, a practice Juno both approved of and despised. She approved of it, because it showed the customers exactly what they were getting. She despised it because Aaron seemed to have it in for her and had no compunctions about insulting her in front of the clientele. \"It's not my handwriting, it's the fact that you're too blind to see it!\" \"Yeah right! Even someone with perfect 20/20 vision could see that it's nigh-impossible to read!\" \"Yeah, well - - \" \"Juno!\" snapped Sam, one of the delivery boys, \"Customers!\" Grumbling rebelliously, Juno returned to the counter. Her hair was plastered to the back of her neck – working near a kitchen while dressed in all black in the middle of summer was just a bad combination. \"Welcome to Hell, may I take your order?\" she droned. \"Hi Juno,\" Juno did a double take to see Bleeker over the counter. \"Bleek!\" her voice came out as a kind of squeak. She coughed, cheeks red. Of all the people she didn't want to see her working in this (literal) hell hole, Bleeker was somewhere near the top. It wasn't that she didn't trust Bleeker not to laugh at her, it was that she didn't want Bleeker to see the sheer amount of insults she put up with. Bleeker smiled at her with sympathy. \"Bad job?\" he asked. \"You have no idea,\" she said in a dull tone, \"Everyone here hates me, the delivery boys hate me, the cooks hate me, the phone operators hate me, even the customers hate me and I'm the one arranging for their food,\" \"I didn't think anything like that could bother you,\" said Bleeker, brushing a cheek with the back of his hand. \"Well, it wouldn't, it's just the sheer amount of hate seems to be coalescing into this big giant wad of hate , like some giant rising out of the pizza fumes,\" Bleeker laughed. \"Don't worry,\" he said, still stroking her cheek, \"Is the pay any good?\" \"Minimum wage,\" Juno replied flatly, \"I don't know why I agreed to this,\" \"MacGuff!\" yelled Sam, \"Quit flirting and get his order!\" \"Screw you, Sam!\" snarled Juno, \"You're not my boss! You're - - \" \"What's happening here?\" Dan, the manager of that particular store, walked into the parlor. Juno still looked angry, Sam looked furious and Aaron looked resigned. Juno and Sam were angry enough to yell. Bleeker was angry enough to talk softly and politely, which is far scarier than yelling. \"Excuse me,\" Bleeker said to the manager, who turned a mild gaze on him, \"But apparently your staff have been harassing my girlfriend,\" Dan's eyebrows raised and he looked around the parlor. His expression had not changed one iota, and yet every staff member started to look embarrassed and ashamed. Juno and Sam were too busy exchanging glares for the look to have any effect. \"Sam,\" was all Dan said, and yet there was a very careful rebuke there. The delivery boy flushed, muttered an apology, and fled, \"Juno, I am very sorry that the staff haven't been making you welcome,\" the manager sounded genuinely contrite, \"If I'd known, I would have spoken to them about it earlier,\" \"Uh…that's okay, Dan. I mean, uh, you're not omniscient,\" Juno seemed startled by the behavior of her boss. Juno had always thought he was an absentminded loon, but then she'd never seen him actually exercise how intimidating he could be. \"Alas,\" he sighed, and then turned to Bleeker, \"Your order?\" \"Uh…actually I really just came here to say hi to Juno,\" Bleeker, too, was overwhelmed by the sheer force of the man's personality. \"Ah,\" he said, \"Well, maybe Juno can tell you when her breaks are, so that it doesn't interrupt business,\" and with that careful reprimand, Dan left, leaving a very red cheeked Juno. \"Okay, so maybe the staff here aren't that bad,\" said Juno, \"Not Dan, anyway,\" \"He's kind of…scary, isn't he?\" \"But nice,\" \"Scary but nice…huh. Sounds like you, Juno,\" Juno blinked and flushed. \"Uh, I'd better get back to work,\" Juno mumbled. Bleeker gave Juno one last smile and left. \"You really love him, don't you?\" said Aaron thoughtfully as he watched Bleeker leave. \"Well…yeah, I guess,\" said Juno with a soft smile on her face. She turned to the next customer in line. \"Welcome to Hell, may I take your order?\"[Chapter 15] In case it wasn't obvious – these are all one-shots . That means there is no relation between any of them . Mother Prompt: #39 – Cactus Word Count: 501 i. Sacrifice Bren loves dogs. Loves the way the light shines off their sleek coats. Loves their huge, soulful eyes. Loves the way they smile. Loves their personalities, how loyal they are, how they always seem so happy. Juno's hair isn't sleek. It's always knotty and messy. You can tell when she's had a shower, though, because her hair will glow dark brown and smell of flowers. Her eyes aren't huge or soulful. They're wide and long, glinting blackly. When she's sad, they glimmer with hidden tears, and when she's happy they shine. Juno's a teenager, so of course she's moody. Moody 24/7, and her smile is rare. But when she does smile, a brief glow of a smile, her pale skin glows. But if Juno is like a dog in one thing, it's her loyalty. Snarling blackly at anything that she views as being hurtful to something she loves and trusts. She's got a dog's tenacity, too, and won't let go of something once she's gotten hold of it. Bren loves Juno. This is why she hates Valentines Day above every other day in the year. She's sacrificed a lot for Juno, and she'd sacrifice that one day in the year, if she could. ii. There, There It wasn't like how Vanessa had thought it would be. She'd imagined Mark standing beside her as she bathed her son, breastfed him, cuddled him. She'd imagined Mark playing with him as he grew up, enrolling him in school, buying him clothes, watching him grow up. But as Vanessa sat in her chair, she carefully kissed him on the forehead. \"You shouldn't grab,\" she scolded him, gently. She kissed his palm, where her son had grabbed her embroidery needle. It had bit into his soft skin, a metal in flesh, and her son had bellowed in pain. But Vanessa had kissed it better. It was what mothers did. \"Shush,\" she whispered gently, rocking him in her arms, \"There, there,\" iii. Hope \"Ow!\" Juno sucked at her finger as she dropped the cactus. \"You know your mother loves to send spiky gifts,\" said Mac with a heavy sigh. \"That doesn't stop it hurting!\" snapped Juno back, before wincing, \"Hey, quit it,\" she muttered, before rubbing her stomach gently. Mac's lips tightened. \"Oh,\" he said, \"You got this, too,\" Juno picked up the envelope curiously. It was light blue, and the handwriting oddly familiar… Juno hiccuped strangely. \"Junebug?\" called Bren from the kitchen. Mac watched his daughter carefully. Juno's lips went white and, without opening it, she tore Bleeker's letter to her in two, and let the pieces drop on the floor. Then, head held high, hands trembling, she went upstairs to her bedroom. Bren sighed. \"What made him send her that letter?\" asked Mac, \"He knows Juno; he would know she'd tear it up,\" Bren bent over and picked the pieces up, before carefully putting them in her embroidery drawer. \"The same reason your daughter opens those packages without thinking,\" she said sadly, \"Hope.\"[Chapter 16] A/N: Apologies for the late update, and thanks to Juno120 for gentlenprodding re: update. Title: Warm Prompt: #09 –nHospital Word Count: 369 I hate hospitals. The food is gross. The walls are gross. The sheets arenitchy…and gross. The nurses arenblank…and gross. Hospitals, inngeneral, are gross. Thisnwas the kind of bizarre mantra Juno had going through her head as shenlay back in her hospital bed, waiting to get discharged. Absentnmindedly she poked at her belly, still mildly surprised that therenwasn't anything in it aside from plastic hospital food. After ninenmonths of suffering through a giant bulge of baby, this sudden lacknof flesh was eerie and kind of…cold. She'd been feeling cold evernsince she gave birth on that cold day, since it had all cut into hernlike a knife, since crying into her bedsheets at the sudden loss ofnit all. A coldness that crept into her belly and spread throughoutnthe rest of her nervous system… \"Hey Junebug,\" Junonlooked up to see Bleeker walk in, hair mussed up from the wind,ncheeks pink, eyes sparkling. She loved the way Bleeker looked whennhe'd been outside. \"Hey Bleek,\" shengrinned as he sat down on the bed next to her. \"They say you'rengonna get discharged in a bit. Maybe even today,\" \"Oh, good, maybe Incan eat something other than porridge,\" \"They only serve younporridge?\" asked Bleeker, confused. \"No,nbut it's the only thing I feel comfortable eating. It's the onlynthing on the hospital menu that's supposed to be that color,\" Bleekernlaughed and Juno smiled, a little wearily. Bleeker's smile fadednwhen he noticed the weariness, and leaned back to wrap an arm aroundnher shoulders. Juno'snmouth spread in a genuine smile as she leaned into his embrace. Itnwas funny, really, something she'd noticed with her father, Bren –nheck, her family in general – that it was entirely possible tonunderstand exactly what a person meant without either of you saying anword. Bleek kissed Juno'sncrown, then her forehead, nose, cheeks, before finally meeting hernsmiling lips. And,nnot for the first time, and definitely not for the last, in spite ofnthe lack of flesh, in spite of the lack of baby, in spite of thenemotional stress of it all… …Juno felt warm. ","Summary":" Freaks Prompt: #2 - Couple Word Count: 278 They were freaks, no doubt about it. Paulie Bleeker, the"},{"Movie":"Chronicle","Title":"The Dead and the Gone: A sequel to Chronicle","Author":"4riadne","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/10713172","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Disclaimer: I do not own the original Chronicle story or characters and am not affiliated with the studio. This is a continuation of the story, only Angela is my OC. Thank you for reading :) Your reviews help immensely. Rated T for infrequent mild swearing and rare use of the f word as well as violence. Supernatural and romance themed. I link \"soundtracks\" in most anything I write. It's usually just the songs I was listening to while I was writing, but I link them in case you want to listen :) I don't own the rights to any of these songs. You will find them in bold italics at the beginning of every chapter. Since links aren't allowed, you have to paste it into google search adn go to the first Youtube link with the same name Haven (piano) watch?v=rqAQnJK5Tks The story of what happened in my senior year of high school has undoubtedly been played on every TV in Seattle, and likely the world. Everyone saw the battle in the sky and its morbid ending unfold on live TV. I can imagine my mother, gentle-hearted as she is, biting her nails and praying for the strange boy covered in bloody bandages. I can hear her whispering under her breath for God not to let anyone else die that day, including him. She didn't know then, or now for that matter, that I shared the same ability as him, kept secret for so many months. All she saw was my panicked expression as I sprinted out the door with my car keys in hand and floored it to the Space Needle. Journalists wrote about the three boys who found a crystal buried in the earth and how only one remained alive. Only one. That number had been burning through my head before I saw the news. I was the only one like this, I would always be alone. I could never tell anyone. Now it was that a teenager named Matt was the only one left alive. We were both utterly alone. I hadn't lost anyone close that day, but there were plenty of acquaintances, classmates, or family friends' funerals to go to in the following weeks. I couldn't imagine having to add the loss of my cousin or the guilt of it onto that. Selfish secrecy overcame me as I vowed not to tell anyone about my powers. There was one thing that all the papers got wrong though. And that was how I wanted it. They all said Andrew had been killed by that spear. The police found no pulse, and it appeared to have punctured where his heart should have been. The autopsy to confirm his death would never be completed though. Only a newspaper article reporting that two morticians had been knocked unconscious from behind the day following the event, a broken window, and the fact that his body was suddenly gone led a few eager conspiracy theorists to quietly (or otherwise) suggest that perhaps he was not dead. I soon found that what occurred the day that became known simply as \"The Incident\" to the residents of Seattle, and the days following, was too much for me to bear in my waking mind. The part I played in the final battle died with me. I pushed back anything relating to Andrew Detmer, Matt Garretty, or my abilities into the blackest corners of my nightmares. There was a nice community college in Seattle I worked my way into. No one questioned why I suddenly decided that art was no longer what I wanted to do and had decided to get a degree in medical science. But it seems the deeper you try to bury something, the more furiously it tries to dig its way up. And the more demons it brings with it. Thank you for reading! I update at weird intervals but hopefully fairly often. Not my first written work but it is the first fic, so please send me some reviews! If you notice any errors (such as me accidentally writing Matt Montgomery instead of Matt Garretty) feel free to let me know.[Chapter 2] Another Home (violin) watch?v=o1AJTJ69QB4 Angela was busy skimming through her anatomy textbook, having already read the chapter ahead over the weekend. She jotted down a few notes. It never ceased to amaze her that the average heart beat 100,000 times per day. She looked at the picture in the textbook and squirmed involuntarily. Other than that interesting fact, the textbook droned on for the next few sentences. She brushed something away from her hand, thinking she had spilled water on it. It was sticky. She looked down to see a pool of blood forming around her wrist and screamed, falling out of her rolling chair. A few moments later the door flew opened and her housemate rushed over to her. Her words blurred together and Angela couldn't see through the tears. \"Hey! Hey! What's wrong? Are you okay?\" Stacy asked. Angela shook her head and blinked to clear her vision. She looked at Stacy's clear brown eyes and tried to steady herself in their stillness. \"Another hallucination?\" Stacy asked. No breath would come to her. She just nodded. Stacy held her hand as she caught her breath, knowing there was nothing more to be done. It was obvious to everyone around her that Angela held some weighty secret, and most assumed it was the death of a friend or lover she felt responsible for. Some just quietly assumed she was crazy. She let them think that, because it was easier than spilling out the truth. \"My hand was covered in blood,\" she choked. \"I'm seeing these visions more often lately.\" Stacy tried to console her but Angela shook her head. \"I need to study and you need to stop worrying about me. You have a kid, Stacy. I know she sees you worrying over me even when I'm not here. I'll be okay, I promise. You need some sleep. Your eyes have darker circles than mine sometimes.\" It was late into the night and her scream must have woken her housemate. Her daughter Sophia lived with her grandmother most of the time because Stacy hadn't been able to care for her. She loved her to death, but couldn't make the time or the money to support her. Stacy sighed and gave Angela a sisterly hug. \"Don't forget you need to sleep too, wonderwoman. I don't know how you do this,\" she mumbled into Angela's shoulder. She sighed in return and wished her friend a good night's sleep, or what was left of it anyway. After Stacy left the room, Angela wavered and finally slammed her textbook shut and slumped into her chair. Black dots threatened to overtake her vision. Don't black out, don't black out, she whispered like a mantra to stay conscious. You saved his life, and then what? You did nothing for him. Didn't follow him. Didn't tell Matt. You're worthless. His life is no better than it was before. Probably worse, since anyone who recognized him would kill him or throw him into Area 51. She rubbed her temples as if trying to drag the awful thoughts out of her head. Eventually she fell asleep in the chair, resting her head in her hand with the lights on. The lights didn't stop the nightmares.[Chapter 3] Nebulous (violin) watch?v=QGsG-NtMX2c After a fitful night of sleep, Angela woke up late the next morning. Her housemate had already left for her first job at six in the morning. She didn't have any classes today, and absentmindedly flipped open the news on her phone. The top stories took a while to load due to their cheap internet connection. For the last year checking the news had become a daily, sometimes hourly routine. It was something constant that she could check into to distract herself. The headline on BBC's first Top Stories read, \"Recent murders and bombings linked to 'new telekinetic teens' in Seattle.\" Her hand went numb and the phone dropped to the hardwood floor with a dull clunk. She took several deep breaths, trying to clear the hallucination. The news surely didn't say that. She wasn't getting worse. She just needed to relax, and these things wouldn't happen so often. The phone still glowed from between her feet. Cautiously, she picked it up with shaky hands. The title had not changed. No matter how long she stared at it, the words glared up at her with the same conviction. Angela tapped on the image to pull up the news story. She skimmed it and then reread it more slowly. There had been a recent rise in murders and bombings in Washington, and it had only this morning been linked to two young telekinetic criminals. They had murdered eight people just this morning, then flown to the top of the Space Needle with their bodies in tow. With their blood, they had written for all to see \"True power belongs to those who can control it. Release the others you have in captivity or the chaos will continue.\" It appeared to be a boy and girl, though it was reported that any camera footage was grainy and caught by bystanders in the dark hours of the morning. She couldn't wrap her mind around it. How many others were there? And how were they still alive? Release the others... had other people that gained powers been taken forcefully for study? As far as she knew Matt hadn't been. There was no reason for the exception except that the public would notice if he went missing. Perhaps it was a coverup for their actual motive. To her they seemed like two insane young adults trying to play God. Eventually the numbness and confusion was replaced by a feeling of clarity she had not felt since before The Incident. There was no more pushing everything to the back of her mind. Anyone with abilities had a responsibility to stop these people now. Are you going to save these poor souls too? What makes them any different than Andrew? He killed more people than you could count in a day. What justice did saving his life do? You don't have the guts to kill them. Maybe she didn't. But she knew someone who did. Stacy wasn't home, so she could have a conversation in private. It would be the first time she told someone. A little shiver crawled down her spine. What had happened to her was nothing compared to what Matt had been through. She had no right to have these nightmares if Matt had managed to pull through. As much as she had tried to move on, would it have been better to contact him? To use her powers? The last time she had tried they were shaky, like a muscle that had not been used in months. The nosebleed came before she could even drop the pencil she was lifting. It wasn't right to let Matt go through this alone. She had been so selfish. So afraid of journalists banging on her door and interrogating her if she spilled the truth. Stop the self-pity and just call him. Or did you finally delete his number? Actually she had. It had been leaked by a classmate and she copied it in case of an emergency. A few months later she deleted it, assuming he would have changed it to avoid all the calls. She knew where his house was, though. She dialed up Stacy as she threw a few things into a backpack. Truthfully, she wasn't even aware what or why she was packing. Just that she needed to. It went to voicemail. \"Hey, um. Stacy I feel like someday I owe it to you for all you've done for me to explain this to you. I don't have time right now to tell you everything, but, I'm uh... I'm going to see Matt. Matt Garretty,\" she recorded as she threw some clothes on top of her phone charger. \"You need to read the news. There's others. And they're killing people, and... I have to go. I was there that day and I need to find him or else this chaos isn't going to stop. You've always been like a sister to me, and thank you for everything. I hope you're okay. You probably just turned your phone off for work, I'm worrying over nothing. Don't snoop in my room while I'm gone! I should be back later today I think. 'kay, bye.\" A few minutes later she was ready to go. All she could think of was how much saying she would return today felt like a lie. If she was really going to bring these people down, it was going to take more than a day. All she could hope was that Matt would believe her story.[Chapter 4] It was strange driving back to her old neighborhood in Seattle. She'd moved out of her mom's place shortly after graduating and had tried not to drive by so much in recent months. They mostly saw each other at her shared house or going out for coffee. An unspoken opinion was made that there was a heavy cloud over those few streets that had yet to lift. Matt's house was a few streets down from her old home. After almost a year since The Incident, there were no more cars outside. The public still had its questions, but it had received all the answers he could give them. A Chevy Nova was parked in the driveway. Angela pulled up to the curb and cooled her nerves before opening her car door. It closed loudly, announcing her arrival. The sky was covered in restless, dark clouds. Of all the things she brought, she'd forgotten an umbrella. Technically she could move the raindrops away from her head, but with the amount of practice she'd gotten recently that might be rather painful. As she walked up the pathway, she noticed the well-manicured lawn. The quaint flowers planted in such a way as though the owner was trying to say \"Look, I can keep something alive. I'm doing fine...\" It was a cozy house on the outside. Before she had raised her hand to knock the door was yanked open. Yup, she had slammed the door too loudly. Either that or he was constantly on edge about visitors. \"Can I help you with something?\" Matt snapped. \"I'm not a journalist,\" Angela said as she raised her arms in surrender. His grip on the door relaxed noticeably. \"Sorry. I've been, uh, really busy lately. Just didn't have time for another pointless conversation,\" he said. \"I can assure you this won't be pointless. There's something you need to hear,\" she said as she showed him the news heading. Matt's face drained of color as he struggled to formulate a sentence. \"We should probably go inside,\" she suggested. \"Right,\" he replied. She followed him through the entryway that led into the living room. He sat down on a couch that had seen better days. It didn't feel right to sit next to him despite the open seat, so she chose a loveseat opposite the sofa. He leaned forward and said, \"Now what made you think that I wanted anything to do with this?\" \"No one in their right mind would want to be involved with these two, but I don't think you or I have a choice.\" She handed him the phone to read the article fully. His eyes widened the further down the page he progressed. The storm clouds outside looked ready to soak the city at any minute. If only her habit for checking the news included the local weather. He finished reading and reluctantly handed the phone back to her. \"You said you don't have a choice either. What the hell are you talking about?\" Angela cleared her throat and tried over and over to find a way to explain herself to where she didn't sound like a selfish jerk. Unfortunately, that was kind of the truth of things. His cousin was alive, and she was the only one who knew that. And she didn't tell him. No matter how eloquently she worded it, it would still sound awful. \"I found the crystal before any of you did,\" she finally blurted out. There was a long pause. \"You what?\" \"I never told anyone about what I could do, and had no way of knowing about you or Andrew or Steve. The first time I heard of anyone else like me was on the news that day.\" \"And you didn't think to tell me about it?\" \"Just let me finish,\" she pleaded. \"As soon as I turned on the tv I got to the Space Needle as fast as I could. I couldn't paralyze him in mid-flight, because then neither of us could protect him from a bullet attack. Besides, he was too strong. So I did the only thing I could.\" Matt had narrowed his eyes and was staring at her suspiciously. She wouldn't be surprised if he sent her flying into a wall after she told him how much else happened that day. \"When I saw that you were going to throw the spear I didn't have time to come up with a plan. So I moved all of his organs at least an inch to the side. The only thing the spear pierced was muscle. I sent debris into as many of his pressure points as I could remember from anatomy class to knock him unconscious. His body wasn't stolen from the morgue... he escaped.\" Matt's knuckles were white from how hard he was clenching his fists. \"So you mean to tell me... that my cousin isn't dead. And you just decided not to tell me?\" \"He flew off. There was no way for me to follow him with the strength I had left after that stunt I pulled. It was his choice not to come back. All I know is we need more than two people to stop these killings.\" Matt pushed off from the couch and proceeded to pace the room. \"I need a minute,\" he muttered. Angela closed her eyes and leaned into the chair. The leather was cold from the air drifting in from outside. It had started to drizzle. Having nothing better to do, she rose from the the chair and shut the sliding screen door to halt the chill. The backyard was a completely different picture from the front yard. The lawn was many months dead and the hedges along the fence were overgrown. No one wanted to come back here anymore. \"So how the hell are we gonna find him?\" Matt finally asked. \"Where's the last place he would have planned on going?\" \"Tibet,\" he replied thoughtfully. \"By the time we found him these people could kill hundreds more than they already have. If he's even alive why would he want to help us?\" \"Because no matter what happened he's still your cousin. For now let's just focus on getting to Tibet in one piece.\" I know my chapters are ridiculously short but I actually like it this way- it's more like those short periodicals in old newspapers. That way I can publish one or two of these in a day. I've actually really enjoyed writing this, I have several chapters saved up in case I don't write for a few days. I love thinking of twists and details, but if you have an idea you want to see in the plot just shoot me a message! I'd love to read it anyway! Have a lovely evening.[Chapter 5] After Matt and Angela had finished working out as many of the details of their plan as they could, Matt rushed to throw together a bag. Angela offered to create a food satchel. The message she had left for her friend played through her mind. She would be back in the course of the day. Another lie. But if she didn't know the truth, maybe she would be better off. Should she be worried about the people close to her? There was no reason anyone except Matt should know about her abilities now. The bag was nearly full. Breakfast bars and snack mixes composed the majority of the mix. Hopefully freezing temperatures at high altitude wouldn't make them inedible. Something outside blew over in the wind with a soft clatter. The sun would start setting in an hour or so. If they left tonight they would be flying across the ocean in the dark, in a storm no less. Another crash came from outside and this time she ran to the door. A metal basketball hoop had been ripped out of the ground from a house across the street and was hovering above Matt's fence. It was waiting. She wasn't the target. \"Matt! Don't move!\" she yelled up the stairs. Angela thought of deflecting the projectile, but if she failed to overcome the opposing force her cover would be blown for nothing. \"Just stay away from the windows! They knew you would come after them. I don't know if you could stop it if they saw you.\" Cautiously, she shouldered the bags and walked backwards to the door and the stairs. The aim of the pole followed her. Her hand gripped the doorknob, ready to pull the door open. \"Go!\" Matt raced down the stairs two at a time as the glass from the sliding door burst onto the living room carpet. The hoop wavered, giving Angela the impression that their attackers in the backyard could no longer see the. She took the chance and dragged Matt out the door. Suddenly an awful whirlwind noise started. The pole was spinning so rapidly it was tearing the house down to its foundation like a possessed chainsaw. Matt leapt into the air, expecting her to follow. The pencil. The pencil she could barely hold for a second before the nosebleed came. How could she manage to fly all the way to Tibet? What had she been thinking? Had her powers really deteriorated, or was fear holding her back? It was either nosebleed or death. The former was definitely looking like the better option. Get it together. Just try. You can't make him carry you all the way there. When she opened her eyes she was high above the house with Matt only slightly ahead. He looked back over his shoulder to make sure she was catching up. The basketball hoop was nowhere to be found. It was a warning, not an execution. \"Are they following us?\" he called back. She shook her head and then remembered he couldn't see her. \"No! They were just sending a friendly message, I think,\" she yelled ahead. \"It's starting to look like anyone who got these damn powers is doomed to get killed or go crazy at some point,\" he remarked. So far that was truth, except for Matt it seemed. They flew on in silence for ten minutes. The altitude was high enough that most people on the ground wouldn't see them because of the rain. Angela's clothes were already soaked, but she couldn't fish in her backpack for a jacket mid-flight. Something wet hit her arm that felt thicker than rain. She raised her hand to her face and felt a stream of fresh blood beginning to flow. \"I need to stop!\" Matt swerved in a dive to the right toward a sparse Oak tree. She followed hazily, black spots covering her vision. The branches toward the bottom were just thick enough to sit on. She gratefully leaned her head against the sturdy trunk of the tree. \"I don't know how I'm going to make it all the way to Tibet,\" she panted. Matt didn't answer. He was looking at the sky. Most of the food she brought had been put in ziploc bags or otherwise waterproof containers, thankfully. Now that the sun was slipping behind the hills she felt the chill from the rain seeping into her skin. She unzipped her backpack and slipped the jacket on. Stacy was probably getting worried by now. When she checked her phone, however, there were no new messages or missed calls.[Chapter 6] Fly (piano) watch?v=LzfpvMe1avk As soon as the two of them broke the cloud cover, the night was clear and glowing with starlight. Angela hadn't been flying in over a year. She'd almost forgotten how beautiful it was to fly through a cloud. The darkness shielded them from prying eyes, though they had to keep a lookout for plane lights. \"You're looking around like you've never been flying,\" Matt yelled over the wind as he flew up next to her. \"Not in a long time. Do we even know where we're going?\" \"Uh, I have a compass. I figure west towards somewhere in Asia and we'll land the first place we can.\" He was sounding more and more out of breath every hour they flew. Islands or rocks jutting out of the sea to rest on were rare. Matt had been telekinetically carrying her for most of the trip. They couldn't afford to waste any time taking breaks even if there were places to stop. \"Land, ho!\" Matt shouted gleefully over his shoulder. Angela whooped in response as they began their descent. The cliff where they landed was deserted and undeveloped. \"Guess it's too much to ask for a phone signal,\" she complained. \"Up ahead it looks like there might be a small town. What are you going to do with a signal?\" \"Well for starters we need to know where the hell we are. And I have a friend back home who hasn't returned my call. I would have thought she would be worried about me. I hope nothing happened to her, although I don't see any reason for it.\" \"She'll be fine,\" he said. They were both exhausted and decided to traverse the majority of the distance on foot. The last thing they needed was attracting the attention of foreign law enforcement and not being able to explain why they were floating in the air. An hour later they managed to drag themselves into what appeared to be a bar. Someone greeted them in Russian. \"Hi, sorry. No Russian. English,\" Matt explained. The bartender shrugged and raised a bottle questioningly. \"Don't even think about it,\" Angela hissed. \"You are not flying across China drunk.\" \"I wasn't gonna drink any...\" They chose a table in the back away from the other patrons, several of which were giving them suspicious glances. She really hoped his face wasn't as famous worldwide as it was in their hometown. \"Keep your head down,\" she whispered. \"We already look out of place enough being at a bar and not buying drinks. You might pass for 21 but I'm obviously underage.\" He nodded and started taking inventory of their backpacks. Almost all the clothes were soaked through, but most of the important things had been in plastic bags. Angela pulled her phone out. One bar. It would have to work. She could only imagine how much a long distance call was going to cost, but she didn't have much of a choice. Current location was her first priority though. GPS finally loaded the maps of the area and told her that they were in the Kuril Islands in Russia, much farther north than they wanted to be. She calculated the compass angle they should fly in until they reached their target nation. Angela told Matt where they were and proceeded to check her voicemail. Still no messages. She would call her mother after Stacy. Something was really gnawing at her. She dialed up her friend and the line was picked up. \"Hello?\" Stacy asked. \"Hey! You didn't answer my call earlier, are you okay?\" \"I could ask you the same thing. I got your message, I don't understand-\" she said. There was a godawful amount of background noise. Angela could hardly make out the words. \"Where are you? You sound like you're talking through a potato.\" \"Oh, um. Some of the people at work are doing some sort of game thing. I wa- to ask - -\" the rest of the sentence cut out. \"Stacy it's hard to hear you, there's so much noise.\" There was a pause on the other end followed by reduced background noise. \"Is this a little better? Listen, where are you? And why are you with Matt Garretty?\" \"We're in the Kuril Islands in Russia. My car is at his house if you need it but... it's probably a crime scene by now. We were attacked by the people terrorizing Seattle.\" \"What? Like, where in the islands?\" She checked her GPS while the call was minimized and pulled it back up. \"An island called Paramushir at some tiny Russian bar. We're probably spending the night here. Why do you want to know?\" \"I'm- hang on, I have to go. I'll call you later,\" Stacy abruptly hung up. Angela relayed the conversation to Matt. \"That's freaking weird. Why would she have hung up the second she found out where we are? And she didn't comment on the fact that you said my house was a crime scene.\" Angela dismissed him. \"She's just worried. I don't think she even heard half of what I said because of all the background noise. Knowing her she's probably trying to book a flight over here to go pick me up.\" \"I still think it's too damn weird.\" \"Whatever. Can you go get some water from the bartender? I want to save these bottles for when we're flying. I'm going to try to use my phone to translate 'where is a hotel we can sleep at'.\" When she looked down at her phone the one bar of service had finally flickered out. So much for calling her mother. Or navigating or translating, for that matter. It was gonna be a long night.[Chapter 7] Stop and Stare watch?v=KA1LYTWtVQ0 Eventually they found a place in town that had some phone service and used Google Translate to get the message across that they were willing to pay for a place to sleep. Their American money caused some confusion, but finally someone offered to take it. It wasn't a Hilton, but an older woman had offered them her guest bedroom for the night. She greeted them and Angela and Matt just smiled and attempted to convey gratitude. The place was small but with a rustic coziness to it. Angela placed her bags on the ground and collapsed into an armchair. It was hard to tell how tired you were when you had to keep going. Once you had a chance to close your eyes suddenly they didn't want to open back up. The woman brought them each a bowl of stew that had been cooking and a mug of tea. It was rich with a hint of citrus. Their host bent over to light a fire, smiled, and then left them in privacy. Angela and Matt sat eating quietly. She could still almost feel the roaring of the wind in her ears. It had taken them the whole night to fly and dawn was breaking. Given her poor night of sleep the previous evening, she was ready to pass out right in that chair. \"So what made you decide to come along? You can barely fly for more than thirty minutes. How do you think you can fight these two crazy bastards?\" Matt asked over the rim of his tea mug. A hundred things. Guilt. Sense of duty. Need of some purpose in her life. Not wanting to be alone. Guilt. \"I just felt like I had to make up for all the things I didn't do that day.\" \"Why? You did more for him than I even tried to do. I was ready to kill my cousin. You risked your life to save a stranger. If anyone should feel like shit right now, it's me.\" She'd never given much thought to that. Oh Angela, always thinking about yourself. \"Maybe we'll both get a chance to fix things. Hey, if Steve found Andrew in that storm, do you think we could find him when we got close enough?\" she asked hopefully. \"Maybe not you, but I felt it before when he was in trouble.\" The conversation died down for the moment. Angela set down her cup and gazed into the fire. Its flames were smaller and the room was taking on a chill that felt eerie despite the light in the room. He sensed her train of thought and got up to put another log on from the rack. \"I can't stay up much longer. Honestly it looks like this couch would be better than the bed in the guest room. I looked in there and it kind of looks like shit. Plus it's cold everywhere except in this room. You really look like you need sleep. Take the couch by the fire, I'll grab the bedroom,\" Matt offered. \"Thanks. I didn't get much sleep two nights ago.\" Matt walked halfway down the hall and stopped. \"What's wrong?\" \"I tried to kill him. If you hadn't been there he would be dead. When we find him... we shouldn't be expecting a warm welcome.\" Before she could respond he walked into the next room and closed the door. When, not if, he had said. They wouldn't come all this way for nothing. There was no way Matt could fight those two lunatics, and Angela certainly wasn't going to be any help in a prolonged battle. As much as she was sure Matt was going for the sake of mending things with his cousin, they needed to use Andrew's abilities. It was an ugly truth. He would see through them immediately. Matt was right; it wasn't going to be a fun reunion. So I have currently been on a week long hiatus training for a fall performance and things. I enjoyed reading your reviews. I knew it would be a struggle to write characters' reactions, as they are not my characters and I have to stay true to their own style. I just purchased a copy of Chronicle (not sure if I already have it? I may have 3 copies now? I think that's saying something.) so this weekend I'm actually going to go rewatch it (fourth time? fifth time?) before I do some live edits. The next \"update\" will probably be a big rewrite rather than a new chapter. Wow am I nervous about trying to write what happens next DX The views also shot way up O.O What happened o.O **Several hours later** Yeah I watched the first half of Chronicle again at least to get his speaking style down. I edited all the chapters so far. Except for the beginning of chapter three all I changed was the dialoge (mainly in chapter 3). I realized there was a minor error. However no one knows because the chapter that reveals said error was not published yet lol. Can't believe I wrote Matt Montgomery OTL So Ima work on ch7 and 8. Maybe up today? Tomorrow?[Chapter 8] For once Angela dreamt about something. She had become so used to fighting away nightmares that most of her sleep was just darkness, or something she couldn't remember. She dreamt about the crystal deep under the ground. In the dream she couldn't remember what it was. As she reached out to touch it a horrible ringing sound made her feel as though her head would shatter. Blood ran down her face as the crystal pulled at her before sending her flying back. It was fighting her. Giving her unknown strength but trying to kill her in the same moment. She could hardly see. Wiping her face, she pulled away her hand. It was covered in blood. Staggering, she tried to walk back to its strange light, back to the entrance, anywhere. She was wandering in circles. Vision had failed her along with hearing. She was going to die here. Deep under the ground where no one would find her. Angela collapsed against the crystal and found it was surprisingly cool. Its energies coursed through her. The ringing subsided and was replaced by whispers. They were not in English, but she could understand a little. She saw other people approaching it. She saw the crystal giving away pieces of itself to everyone who came to it. It was a living thing, and it was dying. It was giving away its life force to anyone who would come near. But it couldn't entrust all of itself to one person, should something happen to them. It had no trust for humans, but it also didn't have a choice. She could see through its eyes as it watched those it had given its power to. Their faces were blurred. But she got the impression it wasn't happy about how its power was being used. Angela could feel it questioning her. Will you be different? Are you going to use it as a toy? A weapon? Or will you fulfill my mission? I can do that. She thought. I'll keep the others safe for you. Of course she would never remember it upon waking. For all she knew she could have had this dream a hundred times. The dream faded away and she half woke before slipping into another dream. She was flying over snowy hills, her eyes closed and not caring where she was going. This is definitely the shortest chapter so far. I felt like I really wanted to publish something while I worked on the next two chapters. Feeling less nervous about critiques and stuff. Everyone can improve. Everything is flawed. I sort of took a huge design liberty with this in changing the original concept of the story a bit even though this is a continuation sequel. Well. It's not changed I just added something that wasn't necce-celery stated in the movie. Gotta do homework T.T Have a good weekend guys and happy second day of Halloween :D ** Wow! Over 100 views?! I guess this calls for a celebration. Gonna finish re-watching Chronicle and pump out a few more chapters this weekend before I go zombie paintballing. To anyone who's never gone, find a place in your area because it is so worth it. I like how this is just the section where I can ramble on about anything. Just like Tumblr.[Chapter 9] It was still dark when Angela heard someone knocking on the door. Her groggy thoughts weren't as suspicious as they should have been. Their host walked out of her bedroom wiping sleep from her eyes and muttering something in another language. Angela blinked rapidly and stretched. The fire was gone and the only light came from the old woman's half ajar bedroom door. The woman opened the front door and was immediately kicked backward through the molding drywall. She didn't move. Three figures in dark clothing entered and Angela vaulted over the side of the chair, landing on padded feet. She held her breath with her back pressed up against the chair. Hide Matt. Please, don't let them find you. They could shoot you faster than you could paralyze them. I can't do this alone. Find somewhere to hide until you have an opportunity... she thought. Footsteps crisscrossed the house and she peered over the chair. Someone was moving in her direction slowly. She pulled her hand back like she was drawing an arrow and launched the nearest attacker inside the fireplace, shoving him until he resembled a pretzel. The others shouted and tried to find her in the dark but she was faster. She and Matt immobilized the last attacker at once. \"That was too easy, there should have been more of them.\" he said. Matt flattened against the wall and snuck a glance out the door before quickly ducking back in. \"Like I said, definitely more,\" he whispered with exasperation. Angela darted across the open space and knelt down beside the kind stranger who had rented them a room. She realized she had never actually asked for the money. There was no pulse in her neck. Frantically, she checked her wrist to be sure. One look at her twisted back told her she was not mistaken. The murderers had followed them across the globe. But they didn't use any telekinesis, or at least as far as she could tell in the dark. Either that was some weak drywall or they were dealing with a new type of power. She crumbled off a piece of the wall in her hand. Looks like their adversaries were ordinary. \"We need to leave,\" Matt said. She nodded and shoved back any guilt she may have felt over the fate that had met this woman. The only back door available was a window in the kitchen. They both sent a blast of energy through it and glass shattered noisily. As soon as they flew out the window the bullets rained down from every direction. Matt deflected them while Angela tried to remember which direction they should be headed. \"Looks like those freaks had better things to do than chase us in person! These are just their henchmen, they can't chase us unless they have a plane,\" Angela yelled. \"But how the hell did they know we were here?\" Matt flipped in midair to dodge a bullet he hadn't intercepted and sent the rest flying back at their shooters. The amount of fire coming their way dropped significantly. \"I'm starting to think maybe your friend on the phone had something to do with it.\" Angela's heart dropped so far she nearly fell out of the sky. That was impossible. If the killers knew because of her they must have forced the information out of her. Maybe all the noise in the background was her being interrogated and all she could ask was where they were. Before she could argue with Matt he shot forward and took a risky dive. \"We need to outrun them! If they have a plane we need to get the hell out of here to where they can't follow us!\" \"Matt, do you even know where you're going?\" Angela asked. \"Of course I-\" Then everything slowed down. Time seemed to stop as she heard his scream. One bullet slipping past his invisible shield was all it took to break concentration. Then one brushed past Angela's shoe. The other grazed the top of her hand. Soon she was spinning wildly out of control, trying to fly anywhere but down. Finished rewatching. Hope you guys are having a great Halloween month! I'm going back and fixing some of the inconsistencies and other stuff while writing new content. As long as I don't feel guilty about getting behind in publishing this is very fun :) Promise Andrew is going to show up in 2 or 3 chapters. Thinking this will be novella length? Another chapter should be out before tuesday, maybe today if I procrastinate on my homework a little more ;)[Chapter 10] Angela woke up to find her feet were not on solid ground. She panicked for a moment before realizing Matt was guiding her through the air. His right pant leg was spotted with blood and his hand was wrapped in one of the bandages from her bag. Nothing on her seemed like it would need hospital care, but neither of them would be doing heavy fighting for a while. His face was red with fresh blood. How long had he been flying for two? She found that although she could not stop her flight, she could roll sideways to face him. \"Matt,\" she choked. Her voice was raspy and dry from wind. \"Matt,\" she said louder. He could barely turn his head to acknowledge her. \"You need to take a break. We'll get there in time. They aren't following us anymore. Matt! For God's sake slow down, you'll kill yourself!\" She tried to break his hold on her but it was like wrestling a brick wall. \"We're never going to get to Tibet if you're dead Matt. Are you feeling guilty? Is that why you're on this suicide mission flying across China? You're gonna kill yourself from exertion to make up for that day, you think that's gonna help us?\" she screamed. \"What else was I supposed to do? You wouldn't wake up and I couldn't risk getting caught.\" \"Your face is streaming blood. Whether they find us or not won't matter if you're dead. And guess what. If you die here, a thousand feet above the ground, I die too-\" \"-I'm not stopping.\" \"Look at your damn face! I don't know about you, but I don't have a death wish! If we die there is nothing to stop them from killing every fucking person in Seattle. So get your shit together and find a place to land.\" He was silent for so long Angela thought we was really going for the whole 'I can sleep when I'm dead' thing. \"I find out Andrew's been alive this whole time, we're being pursued in foreign country, and you want me to take my time?\" \"Just stop for five minutes. Eat something or put more bandages on, please.\" \"Fine,\" he said as they began their descent. They landed on the wooded base of a mountain overlooking a vast range of hills and valleys. She tossed him a roll and bandaged herself with another. Any amount of experimental healing would not only exhaust her, but would probably be unsafe with her hands this shaky. Matt held a shirt to his soaked face. \"So have you put any thought into what you're going to say?\" Angela asked through gritted teeth as she tore off another bandage for her foot. \"What?\" \"Y'know. To Andrew. Just sayin'. It's probably gonna be pretty awkward. You might not want to wing it.\" \"Oh God don't make me think about that, I'm still trying to get rid of this face-period.\" Angela laughed and he snickered from behind the splotched shirt. Other than their spontaneous dives through the clouds, it had been a somber trip. \"I think it's an improvement on your face, truthfully.\" \"Shut up,\" Matt muttered through the fabric. She crossed her arms behind her head and laid down on the cool mulch under the trees. A breeze was passing through, but the weather seemed fair for the time being. She closed her eyes and let the wind rush across her face. It was peaceful. No one was following them, at least for the moment. \"Steve would have known what to say,\" Matt said, breaking the silence. She looked back at him over her shoulder. He had pulled the shirt away and frankly looked terrible. But in one piece, for the most part. All the bullets had just grazed their skin or hit a hand or a foot since they were so high up. If they took it easy they would all make it back to Seattle. \"Whatever I said just seemed to make things worse. Maybe it was a mistake coming here. I went to Tibet once and didn't hear anything about him being here. This is a waste of time,\" he sighed. She sat up and looked him square in the eyes. \"Don't say that. We both know that neither of us wouldn't have flown halfway around the world unless we had some sort of feeling that he was here. Whatever happens up there can't be worse than what's waiting behind us. And if they're looking for Andrew too we have to at least warn him.\" \"You're right. I'm ready to head out if you are,\" he replied. Angela stood up on the uneven slope and brushed the dirt off her pants. \"I think I can fly for a while. I've had a long enough break.\" They shot upwards through the trees until they were just above the tallest branches. \"There's obviously no signal, so I guess we'll just go the way we were going earlier. And judging by the sun this is the way we need to turn,\" Angela said. They flew for another twenty minutes or so before feeling an intense wind. When she looked down at the trees though, they were still. Confused, she looked over at Matt. Despite the lack of a nosebleed, he appeared to be experiencing a similar struggle. \"Hey Matt? How long were you flying when I was unconscious?\" \"Half a day, probably. We should be maybe three hours away from the general area I planned to search... are you feeling it too?\" \"I thought it wasn't wind. It's like we're being pushed back. Do you think it's Andrew?\" \"That's impossible. He couldn't do that from over three hundred miles away. No way.\" Suddenly it felt like they had hit a trampoline headfirst. They were thrown back a good hundred feet before they managed to skid to a stop in mid-air. \"Holy shit!\" they yelled in unison. \"I guess a lot can happen in a year,\" Angela offered. \"There's no way that was him,\" Matt said. \"Well now we know we were going the right direction... let's see who's stronger.\" Throwing caution to the wind she dove forward. It was like swimming through pudding, but she was still moving. Matt warily flew up next to her. \"Sure this is a good idea?\" he asked. \"No. But now we know which way to go.\" Phew. Got this chapter and the really difficult one after it done. Working on the next, next one, so chapter 10 I can just upload whenever. Did you see. With the face period. Movie reference, ah? Did you catch it? Geez it's really hard to change your own dialog style to match someone else's characters. So weird. Really good writing development exercise though. Thanks for readin guys, have a nice week :) **EHRMAGERD FIRST FAVORITE You are amazing :D[Chapter 11] How to Save a Life watch?v=8kgIuQhmDSQ It would certainly take more than three hours now to get where they were going. The resistance grew stronger the further they traveled. Eventually they were stopping every ten minutes and resting for twenty. They were high in the mountains now. It was bitterly cold, and snow clouds rested heavily on the horizon several miles ahead. \"So what are we all going to do after this is over? I mean provided we live,\" Matt asked. \"We? Matt... I didn't know you before all this. I'm not your best friend or your cousin... I'm just some random girl who happened to have the same powers as you. Steve should be here, not me. When this is over I'll be back at college.\" \"Well obviously you're not Steve. And you shouldn't try to be, Angela. But that doesn't mean that when we get back to Seattle and fix all this that we all have to separate. It wouldn't be fair for you to be the only one without someone to talk to about this. I know I felt like shit for months.\" \"I had Stacy, even though I couldn't tell her everything. But...\" \"Ang, she's working for them. It's not a coincidence that we got tracked within hours of her calling.\" \"I don't want to talk about it. We're almost there, and the resistance has stopped for now so let's take advantage of it.\" Without waiting for him to respond, she launched into the air. To hear that her one true friend had been working for murderers for who knows how long was more than she wanted to hear. Whenever she tried to comfort her after a hallucination she always asked what it looked like, or if something happened in her past. More interested in the details than how she was doing. Despite Matt's attempted pep talk, she knew they were going to split up. She had no relation to them. The next hour of flying was tense and quiet as they reached the snowy mountain ranges of Tibet. Suddenly her ears rang loud enough she thought she would fall to the ground. She crumpled into a ball and tried to block the sound with her hands, but it was coming from everywhere. She was breathing heavily and barely managed to stay afloat until it subsided. \"Guess we're close,\" Matt groaned, trying to shake the lingering sound out of his head. \"That building down there. It's the first one I've seen for a while.\" \"You think that's where we need to go?\" \"Ya. My ears are damn sure.\" Cautiously, she flew to the front side of the building. It was tall and long, overlooking a foggy cliff. The sun was setting, and there were no city lights to guide them. From her limited worldly experience she could only assume it was a previously abandoned temple. Matt landed and walked next to her through the archway. The floor plan was open and divided by screens and doorless transitions between rooms. At the back was a snow-covered courtyard. Her feet moved of their own will. Snow was falling slowly and the breeze blew some of it inside. Stray pieces landed on the wooden floor before her. At the far end of the courtyard was a figure perched on a stone wall, facing away from them. Initially she thought it was a statue. Matt grabbed her shoulder but she brushed his hand off and walked forward. Her shoes crunched on the snow and the silhouette flinched. \"You shouldn't have come here.\" It sounded kind of cliche and terrifying at the same time. Terrifying especially because it confirmed the fact that he had been pushing them back for three-hundred miles. Had not only felt them coming, but had the energy to sustain that wall against them for hours. She realized how deep of shit they could be in if Matt said the wrong thing. Matt hesitated. \"Look, I don't know how we found you but there must be a reason for it. When I heard you had disappeared I looked for you man, even when I thought you were dead. Why didn't you tell me you were alive?\" he asked. \"Because I saw no need to. Fighting you again would have been a waste of time,\" Andrew explained coolly without turning around. Angela noticed in the dim light that he was floating inches above the wall rather than sitting on it. \"What? Andrew I don't want to fight you, and I didn't a year ago. I didn't come here to kill you.\" Matt's voice rose slightly from disbelief. Come on, don't start yelling. .. Angela pleaded silently. \"Then we have nothing else to talk about. Whatever other reason you had for coming here doesn't concern me.\" Matt lost it. \"Has your brain turned to mush, Andrew? Are you really so delusional you think I never gave a shit about you? Look I don't know what to do anymore, I'm just glad you're alive, even if you hate me.\" Andrew pivoted and jumped down to the cracked cobblestone floor of the courtyard. \"I'm not delusional, Matt. I'm stronger than you. I've been training for a year while you did nothing with-\" \"-okay I get it Andrew. You're stronger than me. So what! You wanna fight me? Go ahead if that's how you want to use this thing you've worked so hard for. Punch me, I deserve it, go ahead,\" he said, raising his arms in exasperated surrender. Andrew started walking towards Matt and Angela jumped out from the shadows. \"We didn't come here to fight him! Or to get our asses kicked!\" she hissed at Matt. She was standing to the side of him when Andrew raised both hands and sent him flying into the brick wall of the temple. Matt groaned in pain and tried to stand up. \"You were never there! You think you can make up for everything by just showing up here after a year? Did you think we could be a happy little family, Matt? Why do you think I never came back?\" He hooked his fist in the air creating a mirror reaction that knocked Matt's chin backwards. Blood dripped from the corner of his mouth. When Angela ran to help him Andrew immobilized her. \"Andrew, I'm... s-\" Matt wheezed. Andrew sent another aerial punch and interrupted him. \"Sorry?\" he asked with a rising hint of insanity in his voice. \"I don't want to hear it.\" \"I know. Because it doesn't mean anything. Doesn't fix what happened.\" Matt coughed violently and struggled to keep his eyes open. \"But that's why I came back. I owed you,\" he said between ragged breaths. \"Oh, really Matt? It's not because of the people tearing up Seattle right now? I heard about them. I still read the news, Matt. Can you actually look me in the eyes and tell me you came here just to 'fix things'?\" Andrew had a dangerous gleam in his eye. If Matt gave an obvious lie, they could very well die. He hesitated, partly from lack of breath and focus. \"No.\" That was it. No explanation that he had multiple reasons for coming. He didn't lie and say he wanted to reconcile while she wanted to go for his help. Nothing. By now Matt was nearly unconscious. She wasn't even sure he could have spoken more. Andrew said nothing. He merely turned around and dropped his hold on both of them before flying away into the night. Angela rushed to check on Matt and found that he was still breathing, shallow but steady. Blood slowly ran from the corner of his mouth, but it appeared to be from his jaw injury rather than any internal bleeding spewing up. She knelt down and closed her eyes. It was easier to do this when her brain didn't try to get in the way. Raising her hand to Matt's face, she could feel the outline of his jaw like a bat would use echolocation. It was faint and blurred, but she could see where the joints didn't quite match up from being knocked out of place. Gently, she remotely slid it back in and opened her eyes. There wasn't much more she could do for him. \"Angela,\" he coughed. \"Don't go after him...\" \"We didn't come all this way for nothing. I have to.\" Matt shook his head and tried to argue further, but was too exhausted to speak. He'd gotten the shit beat out of him, but nothing life-threatening. He would be fine when she got back as long as he didn't freeze. She hooked her arms around Matt and dragged him inside next to the empty fireplace. Quickly she tossed a few logs and kindling bundles on it and sent a stick whirling to make a spark. His jacket wouldn't keep him warm for long if he wasn't moving. She took off her waterproof down coat and wrapped it around him, leaving only the thin jacket and turtleneck underneath for herself. The cold latched on to her like an angry beast trying to rip the skin off of her body. When she was certain Matt would be warm enough, she sprinted out the door and into the courtyard, taking a flying leap off the edge of the stone wall. The only light for miles was the firelight and the faint glow from the moon and stars. She flew in the general direction he had gone, faster than she had ever flown before. Never one who was great at math, there was no way to estimate the exact speed she was traveling. All she knew was the mountains and everything beneath her were a complete blur. Her eyes stung from the pace and the cold. Within a few minutes she felt a familiar warmth on her face. She didn't wipe it off. Soon, it was dripping into her nose and open mouth. It spattered back onto her arms and shoulders. Her vision faltered and the horizon seemed to be tilting, although she wasn't intentionally turning. That was funny. The moon was supposed to be ahead of her on the horizon. She could see snow. Lots of white snow. It seemed to be growing bigger, though after a moment she couldn't see anything. She felt much lighter, and incredibly tired. The world rushed up as if to catch her with warm arms. She was falling, unable to remember why she was in the sky in the first place. Maybe if she went to sleep she would know. Then two arms did catch her and she was no longer plummeting towards the snow. She fell deeply into sleep before she could see whose arms they were though. This was primarily written on my phone so if you catch any errors just drop a comment below. You can't imagine how many times I've rewritten this but it was worth it. Next chapter is ready for upload after spellcheck and another is halfway done! Thank you guys so much for reading, especially any of my Tumblr followers who clicked on my post. * K I never know how to view my own reviews so not sure if I posted that last one twice. Anyways I didn't expect that reference to the movie to be so enjoyed lol. I'm really enjoying writing this because it's helping me break out of this style that I've gotten stuck in, and write dialogue that doesn't just keep sounding like me and, em, learn to deal with criticism. I mean come on no one likes criticism and I used to cringe every time I saw a review on anything I wrote but now I look forward to them. Even if it's a flame like who cares I just look forward to hearing from you guys. It's funny how many rl people have asked me oh why the heck would you pick Chronicle to write a fanfiction for. Well. 1) Frozen, Harry Potter, and Hunger Games REALLY don't need anymore fanfiction. Really, I think everything's been done. 2) It's a movie I've seen many times and I know it really well and actually enjoy watching every time. Like, it's a movie for teenagers, I am a teen, thus, I like the movie. 3) It's one of those movies/books/whatever you've read where you just. wish. you. could. change. the. damn. ending. I rewrite movie endings in my head all the time and just figured why not post this one? Anyways I'm just amazed that the views keep going up as much as they are. Hope you all enjoy reading as much as I enjoy writing. And WALKING DEAD COMES BACK SUNDAY! TODAY IS SUNDAY! ** You know this was originally going to be about 10,000 words but I'm not even halfway done O.O It's going to be hilarious if this is the first \"book\" I actually bring myself to finish. Because I can't publish it. *** Surely you all saw this soundtrack addition coming. Max Schneider is freaking gorgeous though.[Chapter 12] For a long time Angela was caught in a state between waking and dreaming. She thought she heard voices in the wind through her haze. Within her mind lay the crystal as it tried to decide how it would split itself to give to humanity, much like a person counts change to buy something at a store and finds it's not quite as much as they hoped it would be. Each of them had a slightly different spark. Angela's was the ability to fine-tune her powers to be used for first-aid, though at the cost of endurance. Andrew had the greatest strength and control out of all of them. From the interviews she'd read, Steve seemed to find the most creative uses for his power. But what about Matt? What did he get? Or, like the customer desperately counting out change, did that strange entity come up short? Angela could only reflect on this for a short time, for her thoughts constantly drifted to other things. She would find an interesting memory or image and wander towards the thought. It was less of a dream, and more of the nonsensical things one thinks just before one falls asleep. After a while she became aware of a wicked chill creeping through her bones and constricting her muscles. She tried to push the feeling aside and go back to sleep, but the icy feeling forced her into wakefulness. She felt her body being placed on the floor distantly as if it was not hers to control. Angry voices filled the room in a garbled buzz. When they faded away she heard the crackling of a fire and heat flowed back into her veins. Suddenly she she was acutely aware that she was on the brink of death. Memories of her fatal flight rushed back and she struggled furiously to open her eyes. Darkness it seemed had seeped into the very flesh of her eyelids with no intention of leaving. Though she was now awake, she could not see or hear. She was so cold. The fire scorched her skin and she wanted to tell them to put it out and let the familiar cold come back for her. \"If you killed her Andrew, I swear-!\" \"I didn't kill her!\" She wanted to sit up and tell them she was fine. The room fell silent and she realized she was looking at a fire. Cautiously, she pushed herself into a sitting position and blinked away the remaining blurriness. Matt sat down next to to her and a volley of questions ensued. She groaned and buried her face in her hands. There was too much noise, too much light. Everything was more intense than it should have been. Then she saw Andrew warily walk towards her. Matt followed her eyes. \"Stay away from her,\" he warned \"No, Matt... I'm fine. Was flying too fast. C-\" she tried to say. Her tongue tangled up from drowsiness and she could tell that Matt was distracted anyway. Andrew sat down warily a fair distance away and stared deliberately into the fire. \"How did we get back?\" she managed. \"He just came tumbling through the door with you. I thought you were dead.\" \"W- we didn't fight,\" she said through shivers. \"I was falling... I couldn't see anymore. There was blood, and then...\" She looked to Andrew to fill in the blanks. \"I caught her,\" he responded, his face a blank mask. Matt stared in disbelief. \"I wasn't going to just let her fall.\" \"Thanks, then...\" Angela said bewilderingly as she shivered, despite the fact that she was wearing her coat again. Matt got up and put more logs in the fireplace. He watched his cousin from the corner of his eye suspiciously until he sat back down. He nervously drummed his fingers on the stone floor for a few minutes before speaking. \"I can't stop thinking how easily we found Andrew. There's nothing stopping us from being followed right now,\" Matt said. Angela hugged her knees and pulled the coat tighter. \"Neither of us are really in any shape to fly, and I'm not making him fly three of us. Maybe we should just keep a lookout for tonight and head out in the morning.\" \"They could see this fire from miles away. We're sitting ducks here, this place hardly even has walls.\" She shrugged. \"We could very easily rip up that stone wall and line the doorways with it so the light doesn't escape in addition to having a lookout.\" \"I can be first watch,\" Andrew offered. Matt turned to face him for the first time since Angela had awoken. \"I don't get you, dude. You turn my jaw to jello and fly off, only to save someone you don't know from falling to her death and then come back and try to be all helpful by taking watch. What the hell are you playing at?\" \"If you want to be the one to lose sleep, go ahead. I don't have to answer that.\" \"Fine, don't answer\" Matt said as he stood up. \"I'll seal the front entrance.\" He left the room without giving anyone a chance to dispute the decision. Angela was left sitting in the firelight while the other two walked off in tense silence. Matt's face was still covered with bruises, and the visual reminder of that fight wasn't helping things. She nervously wrung the fabric of her jacket in her numb hands. It would be a miracle if they all made it back to Seattle intact with or without extra antagonists following them. She closed her eyes and exhaled slowly into her arms as she curled into a tighter ball to escape the cold. It made her feel like a little kid, the way they had been sitting around the fire. Except this wasn't a camping trip. This wasn't her family. And she was much too far from home. This is getting... a lot longer than I planned for it to be but I guess that's a good thing. I'm so glad senior year has basically no homework because I can devote as much time as I want to this. You don't have to read this (I mean you don't have to read any of these but whatever), it's just a rambling. No spoilers though. I was struggling to picture how this story was going to end. The big fight and whatever else goes down. Who should win? Should someone die? That's when I realized: it doesn't matter who wins. To anyone who watched Man Of Steel, it doesn't matter that Superman won. Or in Avengers. They were fights between gods. No matter who wins, the damage would be colossal. What needs to be decided is if everyone is, you know, cool with leveling the state of Washington to ground zero or if there's another way to do all this? So many things to think about. Don't worry though, no one is having a Zod ending. No one's neck is getting snapped. Although I can't promise no deaths. I was reflecting on a line of text somewhere in this chapter (won't tell you where), and I uh... well I had a writer's vision and despite the fact that I'm not happy with my muse, it must be written. I'm one of those people who \"writes what happens\". I don't feel like I make up the story, just like I'm piecing together someone else's thoughts and putting them down in a more organized way, ya know? But yeah. Brace yourself for the finale. Why is it in the original movie and this fic people have a habit of falling from great heights, I'm starting to get concerned for these guys. (*Debates shoving Cheesecake Factory leftovers in facial orifice vs writing further. A compromise is achieved.*)[Chapter 13] Wake Me Up/Hey Brother mashup watch?v=RNgIdysPQLs Eventually she managed to fall into fitful sleep. There were far too many things on her mind. It was halfway through the night by the time the walls were completed and Andrew went back to the courtyard. Sleep enveloped her immediately, but if she had dreams she did not not remember them upon waking. When she woke up it was still dark. Their makeshift walls had sealed the heat in well and it was no longer so bitterly cold. She rubbed the exhaustion from her eyes and sat up groggily. The fire had died down and she replaced the wood quietly. Neither of them had really offered to switch watch at some point, they had just agreed and gone to sleep. Angela wrapped her coat over her shoulders like a blanket as she walked to the stone wall. She pushed it just enough to the side to walk out to the courtyard before replacing the bricks. It was a little lighter now that the moon was higher in the sky and the clouds had cleared. Andrew was perched on top of a remaining section of the wall looking out over the chasm. The snow crunched under her shoes as she sleepily followed the crumbling path. The sound was amplified by the utter silence of the place. She hesitated before crossing the remaining distance and swinging her legs over the wall, taking a seat next to him. The knowledge that her feet were dangling over a rift that dropped beyond her line of sight was as exhilarating as it was terrifying. If she fell, she could just fly back up, like she was cheating death. She could see why he preferred sitting here. \"You could have woken me up to take watch. I don't mind.\" \"I couldn't have slept anyways,\" he replied without looking at her. She diverted a wisp of snow that was drifting towards her face and swirled it in her hand gently. For the longest time she had been terrified of using her ability, but she was beginning to grow used to it again. \"I can't stay asleep either. I'll stay out here with you. Unless you mind.\" She was torn between anger with him for hurting her companion and a mixture mixture of intense curiosity and sadness. In truth she nothing about him other than what she had been told by strangers. \"I don't know why you would want to. But go ahead.\" The snow in her hands melted from the heat. Despite how gently she had been handling the flake it crumbled nonetheless. She tried to catch another flake, but her hand was shaking so badly the movement crushed every flake. \"You're afraid of it,\" Andrew said. The snowflake she had been eyeing floated down to the abyss. \"What?\" \"The way your hand keeps shaking, you're afraid of it.\" Well someone was certainly observant. What was he going to notice next, that she still had nightmares about what that thing showed her? She had a right to be afraid. If it had given all of its life force to one person they could have split the planet in half. \"I've seen it do more destruction than good. I mean, flying is pretty damn cool, but it's not something I want anymore. When we have to face these guys I'll be useless. I don't even know why I went with Matt, I keep screwing things up.\" \"You screw shit up?\" he remarked with a strained laugh. \"You're looking at the king of screwups. No one can top even one thing on my list,\" he argued bitterly. He was probably right, but that wasn't really the thing you could just respond to with a 'ya, you're right.\" \"My dad once got a nine-foot catfish stuck inside a nuclear reactor,\" she said. He swiveled around to look at her. \"What the hell?\" \"He's a programmer. And uh, he was writing software and stuff for one of the reactors a long time ago that was by the Great Lakes, forgot which one. But they used the water from the lakes to cool off the reactors. So they needed this system that would detect incoming large objects and close the gates if it sensed something, but otherwise keep them open. Well he messed up one line of code and it did just the opposite. \"The doors remained close unless a giant catfish was coming. So until they figured out why the hell this was happening, every single giant catfish in that lake that wandered by got stuck basically in the cooling system of that nuclear reactor,\" she concluded with a grin. \"That... that is kind of hilarious and also really bad.\" Angela smiled and looked out at the moonlit mountains. \"Ya, every time I would bitch and complain about messing something up my dad would make me listen to that story again. Like, it was awful when it happened and really stupid and dangerous, but years in the future it wasn't so bad. In his case it was really funny. I... doubt that makes you feel any better, but it was kind of funny anyways, right?\" He laughed, and this time it didn't seem forced. \"You really should get some sleep though. I mean I've been unconscious on and off more than once in the last few days so I kind of have no excuse to sleep,\" she said. \"No, I'll just-\" \"Nope. Sleep. You, now,\" she ordered, playfully prodding him towards the door. She didn't know what possessed her to suddenly be so friendly with this kid, but God knows being morose and suspicious was going to get them nowhere. \"Okay, stop- stop poking me I'm going, I'm going!\" He turned to walk inside, and in the dim light she imagined she might have seen the brief flash of a smile there. She settled herself back onto the stone wall and watched the snow flurries falling. It was a long time before she could calm her nerves enough to try moving the snowflakes again. This time they did not break. So the reason that catfish anecdote was so detailed was it was actually a true story. Figured it was a perfect opportunity to add it in considering the circumstances. I have heard that damn story more times than I can count. And the tension fluctuates again! Which character will be the first to realize maybe having a god - tier battle in the middle of Seattle is not a good idea? Thinking about adding in little soundtrack links like I do with other stuff I upload. Used to making text adventure games with embedded graphics and stuff. Just seems so empty without the ambient music. Probably with the next chapter I'll have put a soundtrack on all the chapters (you would have to open Youtube links, nothing fancy). It's just for fun, like it's all the songs I listened to while writing it. It's really unsettling when suddenly you find a pair of earbuds where the sides aren't labeled and there's so much freedom you don't know what to do with it.[Chapter 14] Homeward Bound~ Simon and Garfunkel watch?v=7z9wd9bS1FM Angela stayed awake the rest of the night and watched the moon climb through the sky. Sleeplessness made people grumpy, and she wasn't keen to add to anyone's pre-existing poor mood, so she remained awake. She leaned back until her head was parallel to the stone tiles and her legs stretched straight over the chasm, supporting herself mental and physical muscle. It felt good to be able to experiment again, to be free. As long as she could control her emotions, it was nothing to worry about. She nearly fell asleep before sitting upright finally. When dawn broke she stifled the fire's embers before waking the others to leave. They wolfed down some protein bars and took off into the glowing morning. No one questioned aloud why she suddenly had no difficulty flying. With only two brief stops being neccessary this time, the trip took less than a day. They were nearly back to Seattle, resting on the coast of Washington, before the topic of their return was brought up. The ocean waves crashed against the wave breaker they were sitting on, gently spraying their clothes. \"So Matt, are we just gonna walk up to them or are you hiding some half-ass plan?\" Their conversations were getting more natural, but Angela knew at some point old wounds would be brought up that couldn't be left festering forever. \"Dude, if you knew where we were like all the way in China I don't think they stand much of a chance.\" \"But it's a battle between gods,\" Andrew countered. Angela thought she heard Matt mutter something along the lines of \" Please not this apex predator thing again \", but Andrew continued without apparently hearing. \"What I mean is, at a certain point, it doesn't matter if one side is technically more powerful than the other. If either of us can move a whole mountain, we'd end up causing more damage to the area around us than to each other. If we fought in Seattle we would have to evacuate the whole city.\" \"So brute force can't be an option unless we're willing to kill innocent people and take responsibility for it,\" Angela finished. \"Ambush?\" Matt suggested. \"We would both see it coming. We have to find out what the hell they're actually after or find something to use against them,\" Andrew explained. \"We don't have any leverage though,\" she said. Something had been bothering her for a while now. \"If they're in Seattle, or Washington at least... why haven't they tracked us?\" \"Could be any number of reasons. I doubt they suddenly decided to be friendly though. Let's hope they haven't been busy with something else,\" Matt said. The three of them had just slept on the previous stop, and she was restless to get going. They left soon enough, and within a less than an hour they should have been close enough to see the Seattle skyline. But it was too dark. The sun shouldn't have been setting yet. \"Is that clouds or smoke over there?\" Matt called out. \"It's too thick and dark to be rainclouds... there's no way that could be smoke though. Just weird fog, right? Just fog, Seattle's always foggy...\" Angela trailed off. The city was barely at the edge of the horizon, but they proceeded a little more cautiously now. She began to wipe her eyes frequently and realized they were stinging worse and worse the more distance they covered. When she pulled her palms away, Andrew and Matt were idling, staring in disbelief in front of them. The city was on fire. Second shortest chapter to date after a 9 day hiatus doesn't really seem fair, so I'll aim to upload something later this week as well. I've had a few chapters ahead written but wasn't sure how I wanted to end it. The story is nearing its close! It's probably a little more than halfway over I think. Almost 400 views! That's crazy! And awesome! Love you guys, I didn't expect that this fandom was still kicking but apparently I was wrong. Anyone else excited for the Five Nights at Freddy's sequel, because I know I am *insert evil grin here*[Chapter 15] New Divide watch?v=JALcbsYwWro Angela dove into the black smoke without a moment's hesitation. \" What the hell are you doing? \" Matt yelled after her. She knew the longer they waited the more people would die in that inferno. It was impossible to see the streets below through all the haze, though. There was a rush of wind as Andrew flew up beside her, coughing violently and struggling to maintain a straight course. A window shattered above them from the heat of the flames within the building and sent glass raining down around them. She quickly diverted the debris before it could reach them. The smoke was intangible enough that she could only keep it at arm's length away. \"Thanks.\" \"Don't mention it,\" she said as she took a nosedive toward the ground. Soon the cars and rubble became more clear, and it was apparent that the city had been mostly evacuated. There were cars gridlocked in the streets, but there were no bodies or people still trying to escape the area that she could see. Cautiously she touched down to the pavement. The lack of human destruction was unnerving. There wasn't enough information. Where were the police? The barricades? Rioters, even? The fires were still spreading, but this part of Seattle was utterly deserted. \"Why would they destroy the city but evacuate the people?\" Andrew asked. \"Must not have been what they were after,\" she replied as Matt landed next to them. The three of them kept up a shield above them against the constant bombardment of debris from imploding windows. Several of the cars on the street were turned completely over and were placed on the sidewalk as though someone had quickly shoved them aside. Whoever had been through here had been in a hurry to get out. She scanned the streets they passed for any sign of life, but save for the crackling of flames and collapsing buildings, it was quiet. Matt suggested that they follow the flipped over cars by flight. Walking was agonizingly slow, and the more rubble they had to push out of their way was more strength and time they were wasting. After a few minutes they began to hear shouts and crashes coming from their distant right. They swerved to follow down the narrow street. The buildings were closer together here and were still blazing from the inside out. They could block the glass from raining down, but not a heat wave. Something white landed on her shoulder. Confused, she looked up at what appeared to be snow. She picked up a piece and rubbed it between her fingers, leaving a grey residue. It was ashes. There was something about that more disturbing than the infernos eating the buildings alive. The fact that the ashes were beginning to create a layer of white film on the pavement was too bizarre to process. In several places the street was cracked and steam from broken water pipes rose up. \"Shit, it's starting to look like Silent Hill here,\" Matt remarked. \"You've watched Silent Hill?\" Angela remarked excitedly, despite the seriousness of the situation. As disturbing of a movie as it was, it was up there with her favorite horror movies. \"Ya, it creeped me the hell out. Saw it when it came out so I was, what twelve?\" he answered without breaking pace. \"I've always wanted to dress up as one of the nurses for Halloween, you know-\" Angela had become so distracted she failed to notice the street buckling in front of them. She yelped as the pavement rushed up and flicked her backwards like one might do to a fly meandering unaware across the kitchen table. She skidded to a halt and watched in awed horror. The pavement continued to crack and rise into the air until it formed a mountain that stretched high above the buildings bordering the street. It settled there menacingly, blocking their line of sight, and incidentally, their path. \"Can't we just fly over it?\" Matt asked. Andrew and Angela simultaneously cast a judgemental glance at him. \"I think it was more of a message than a barrier. They have someone who can keep blocking us, so we would just be wasting our time trying to undo it and get past,\" Andrew said. \"Well we didn't come here for nothing! There must be some other way for us to get there!\" Angela said worriedly. Her voice carried in a haunting echo across the empty streets. In response, the ground began to shake and they all jumped into the air for fear of another asphalt tsunami. This time, however, the pavement merely shook quietly and rippled, splitting down the middle in a crack that only came up to her ankles. They watched as the wave moved down the street away from them and paused, as though waiting for them to follow. She had a feeling this was not the same person pushing them away. This path was leading them in the opposite direction, though. Yup, this is going to be a lot longer than I planned. Glad I decided to wait a bit on publishing because I really didn't like how I'd written the first version of this chapter. Yay for 4 day weekend! It never ceases to amuse me that there have been so many Carrie-Chronicle crossovers that Carrie is listed as an official character on fanfiction for Chronicle stories.[Chapter 16] Let it Burn~ Red Angela looked over at the two boys who were feeling less and less to her like just traveling companions. Do we follow it? Their eyes all seemed to wordlessly ask. The path was still paused, waiting for them. No one wanted to trust it, to turn away from their goal. But whatever was at the end of it knew who they were, and they could have just as easily forced them to follow. They were being given a choice, but they were still being herded. Andrew was the first to race after it. The street shuddered to life again and bolted around a corner. They followed it quickly for several miles until they had reached a part of the city where the fires had died down. Most of the buildings were scorched and missing window panes. They flew several feet above the ground to avoid the sheer amount of broken glass and shrapnel. The split in the street flattened out and stopped altogether outside of what could have been a laboratory or hospital. The signs were too shredded or burnt to read. In front of a doorway that had been ripped open from the inside were four guards leaning warily against the wall. Two of them had pistols strapped to their belt and larger automatic weapons slung over their backs. One of them had a black eye and was spinning a pair of floating glass shards in his hand, pretending deliberately not to notice them. They were making a silent example: we outnumber you, and we're holding all the cards here. The last guard was an older woman with as many fresh cuts and bruises on her face as wrinkles. Her eyes were staring at something that wasn't there, conveying a sadness made more haunting by the lack of emotion in the rest of her face. She held no visible weapon. Just stood rigidly against a broken concrete pillar. Angela had become so focused on these people, the only other souls they had seen for days, that she nearly tripped on a broken piece of copper piping lying on the ground. Andrew quickly caught her shoulder, but the pipe rolled down the inclining broken pavement and clattered noisily against a slab of concrete. The two armed guards pulled their automatics out of their holsters faster than the three of them could put their hands up, immediately shifting to an attack stance. The third man continued to obsessively spin the glass shards, while the woman merely shifted her hand slightly without looking at them. \"Okay, everybody chill. We were just following the weird street, we're unarmed,\" Matt said. \"We saw you flying here, so I'd say you're armed enough,\" one of the guards snapped. They remained tense. \"The three of you, put your hands above your head slowly and clasp them tightly together, I don't want to see any space between your palms,\" the other guard called out, shifting to a tighter grip on her gun. They were still a fair distance away, a semi truck length or so. They exchanged questioning glances, but cautiously did as they were told. She could tell by the looks on their faces that none of them trusted these guards. Everyone in both parties was ready to fight without a moment's notice. The older woman looked them up and down coldly and nodded. Even though the guards were doing all the talking, it was clear to her that this woman was their superior. The two armed guards lowered their weapons halfway and removed their hands from the triggers, walking briskly towards them. Angela's arms were getting tired. She didn't want to turn her head or shift her body for fear of startling these people. Both guards were in mismatched full riot gear, and the one with a female voice approached Matt. The three of them were still wearing thick snow clothes. In addition to their superpowers, they could have been hiding anything underneath. She removed his jacket, keeping a close eye on his hands while the other three guards watched Angela and Andrew. The guard then briefly frisked Matt. Angela stole a glance over and Matt wiggled his eyebrows naughtily. \"Not the time, Matt,\" Angela hissed. Andrew snickered and the other guard raised his gun questioningly. \"Nothing. They're just being idiots, please don't kill us,\" Angela said. The guards silently finished checking them, and Angela was left wondering what the point of all this was going to be. Her arms ached until she remembered she could actively move fresh blood through her arms. Remembering the average size of a vein though, she pictured all the ways it could go wrong and burst through her skin and decided against it. Saving someone's life through organ or blood-bending was one thing, but it wasn't worth the risk to make her arms more comfortable. The rigid woman stepped forward and cleared her throat. \"You chose to follow the path we sent instead of foolishly diving into the fray. You have already started off by making a smart decision. Hopefully this kind of common sense will keep you alive in these turbulent times,\" she said in a voice hoarse from what sounded like decades of smoking. \"We need your help as much as you need ours. Unfortunately, neither of us can trust each other. After the losses my... people have suffered, we cannot afford to take any risks.\" Angela narrowed her eyes and tried to read any deeper meaning to this woman's words, but her face showed nothing. \"I hope you will forgive us for all these showy guns. We have to make an impression as well as keep ourselves safe. It was a gamble already to bring you here,\" she paused and glanced back at the young man gazing into the glass. She nodded, but Angela initially thought nothing of it. He casually reached into his pocket as the woman turned around to face them again. Their hands were still clasped over their heads, preventing any telekinetic defense on their part. \"Which is why we have to take any and all measures to ensure our security. I apologize for the inconvenience,\" she remarked in a business-like tone. Angela's mind spun, trying to make sense of what the woman had said. Andrew was two steps ahead of her though. His hands were unclasped in a flash and he shoved her out of the way just as glass boy dropped the shards and sent three darts flying at each of them. Angela cried out in agony as she skidded across the pavement, her bare arms exposed. The dart intended for her wizzed by without meeting a target, but Andrew was hit square in the chest. He stumbled and blinked drunkenly before collapsing on her legs. She heard Matt slump to the ground on her left more slowly. Just as she was about to send an unnecessarily large block of concrete at their attacker, something pricked her exposed neck from behind and the world very quickly went dark. I had no idea how long it had been since I'd written. I'd assumed a week and a half, two weeks at the most. But a month? I have no sense of time anymore. Two people very close to me just had... unnervingly close brushes with death. So needless to say I haven't been in the right state of mind to write anything for a while. Now that everyone is okay and my econ project is done, I have a duty to my lovely readers and these equally awesome characters to keep this story going. Still not sure how long this is gonna be. But 804 views? If anything will motivate ya to write more, that'd be it right there. To everyone who's kept checking in for an update, thank you so much for your patience. As a writer who NEVER finishes anything, it's taken a conscious effort to keep coming back to this, but it's teaching me a lot about myself and how I write.[Chapter 17] Every once in a while consciousness would flicker back to Angela. Her arms were wrapped around the shoulders of two people who she could only see in blurry glimpses. There was talking all around her, an ever present stream of noise. There was a strange throbbing sensation in the back of her neck. The pain managed to help her stay awake for more than a few moments. Eventually she became vaguely aware of someone talking about her. \"She's waking up. Make sure you put her under again when you attach the band. We don't want her to feel it,\" a familiar hoarse voice instructed. Another voice that she couldn't locate responded. \"Why do we have to do this to them? It's no different than what happened to us! Why can't we just go out there and end this?\" they questioned angrily. The first woman sighed. \"Someday you may understand my reasoning, but I do not expect you to anytime soon. If we go in unprepared, people will die. And if we give these three full rein of their abilities it could spell chaos and more destruction for everyone around them. I'm not putting my people at risk. Give her another injection.\" Then everything went dark. Angela groaned and sat up in bed. Judging by the immense amount of discomfort she felt in her head, the likeliest situation was that it was finals week. Oh. Nope. That was a little more pain than usual for that situation. She raised her arm to rub the sleep from her eyes and screamed hoarsely in pain. Her arm was covered in bandages. Now she remembered how it had scraped raw along the uneven pavement. It probably resembled something close to sopping hamburger meat at this point. She leaned away from her bed and fought back vomit. Pinching her nose with her good hand and closing her eyes, she focused on a brick wall. Completely blank out your thoughts. Erase everything. Become nothing until you forget what nightmare was troubling your waking moments. Eventually her mind emptied, like a tap turning off. The thought still ebbed at the back of her mind to the tune of her throbbing arm, but it was at bay for now. She opened her eyes again and stared dully into a white room. It was a cell, but she was not restrained in any way other than the locked door. She waited for the blood to circle properly to her head and got up,ordering the door to be blown off its hinges. It did not so much as shake. There was nothing special about the door. It wasn't incredibly thick or even electronic. Frustrated, she placed her palm against the cool steel and pictured the atoms inside suddenly being driven outward. Nothing, but an odd sensation on her forearm just above her wrist. She looked down and felt vomit rising again. This time she let it come, collapsing on the floor and heaving what little was left of that protein bar she had last eaten. Unable to control her rapid breathing, she leaned up against the door and tried to focus on its stability, the feeling of solidness behind her back. She focused on the feeling of her clothes and hair resting on her skin. These things were real. For now she was safe. She was awake. It was a long time before she gathered the strength to look at her wrist again. A small white metal wristband was attached to her arm surgically by what felt like wires or probes inside her skin. A small red light like would be on a smoke detector blinked infrequently, signaling that the band was operational. In a fit of panic, she pulled at it and screamed again as she felt her flesh being pulled in tandem. It was too deep. Ripping it out would cause her to bleed out faster than someone could get there to help her, if there was anyone in this place that cared. Something in her snapped as she remembered she was not the only one trapped in this place. They had been betrayed by their own naivety. They had been fools to trust these people and let their guards down. She stood up shakily and staggered to the bed, grabbing a corner of the sheet to wipe away the remaining vomit. Her stomach felt hollow. Each of her limbs felt sore and airy at the same time, as if she was no longer connected to them. But most of all, she felt incredibly small. Angela lifted her hand in vain hope, and searched for something, anything in the room that she could feel. There was no vibration of objects, no energy that she could feel. She could not connect to the movement of anything, the life or rigidness of another creature or object. For the first time since that crystalline being had infused her with its power and life essence, she was completely shut off from the outside world. All she could rely on were her five senses and intuition. They seemed like such plainly human traits, so inferior compared to what she was able to feel before. Another wave of panic surged over her as she realized she could not control or monitor the beating of her heart or the pulsing of her blood anymore. If she became seriously injured, she would have to deal with it like any other human. Deal with the pain. Deal with not always knowing how deep an injury was. There was no more blocking bullets or flying past obstacles. If someone attacked her, she would be completely vulnerable. She looked down at her fingers. They no longer contained more power than she could imagine. They were just tiny, and bruised and scratched. Everything in her felt weak and insubstantial. And most of all, horrifyingly mortal. For once I'll keep this short. I promise the next chapter is going to come more full circle and tie back into the original movie. Some of you may have noticed I swapped out the romance tag for a suspense tag. Doesn't mean there won't be any eventually, but it's not that much at the forefront of the story so I figured it would be more accurate this way. I've eh... em... also never written a romance story. But there's a first time for everything, right? Happy holidays, hope everyone's homework load is nice and light, and have a great day :) You readers certainly always make mine.[Chapter 18] It wasn't long before someone knocked on the door of her cell. In reality, it was incredibly clean and the bed was more comfortable than should have been typical for a prison, but it felt like a cage nonetheless. She backed away from the door and tried to look like she hadn't lost the entirety of her sanity in the short time she'd been in the room. Taking a deep breath, she managed to say, \"come in.\" To her shock, it was the light haired woman who had ordered their capture. She raised her hand before Angela could speak, her face a mask of calm. \"I know what this must all seem like. You've been drugged, captured, and now there is an awful device on your arm. And here you are in a cell.\" The woman glanced at the corner where Angela had retched in terror and tactfully looked away. \"Unfortunately this is how low we've had to sink to stay alive in recent times. Every measure we take is in the interest of keeping ourselves safe. And you. All three of you.\" \"They're alive? Andrew and Matt?\" she asked frantically. She nodded. \"You can see for yourself in a moment. Now that you're awake and the inhibitor has thoroughly soaked into your bloodstream, you no longer pose any possible threat. If you'll come with me, I'll give you a more thorough explanation of your circumstances.\" Angela swallowed nervously. \"Inhibitor?\" \"Nearly everyone in this building has, or had abilities. Your companion's... demonstration last year in Seattle proved that you three have a greater potential for power than anyone I've seen, and that you cannot be trusted. But don't take it personally. That bracelet prevents you from using your powers until it is removed or it runs out of serum. It is a security measure that everyone here except a few of my most trusted guards must take. See?\" To prove her point, the woman leaned in and rolled up the sleeves of her coat to reveal a similar bracelet. \"But why you? If you're in charge-\" \"None of us here are stable anymore. This is the price we pay. We need to leave, we can talk on the way.\" The woman straightened up and rolled her sleeve back down, still refraining from looking at her own arm. \"My name is Clara. I apologize for the trauma our actions may have caused. Please come with me so I may at least show you that your friends are well and our cause still retains some of its original noble intentions.\" Angela had so many questions she didn't know where to start, so she just nodded. Clara opened the door and held it as Angela stepped through. The lights were much dimmer in the hallway, and several of the glass cases and bulbs had burst or were hanging from the ceiling. \"What happened here?\" she asked. \"This was a testing facility. I know what you're thinking. This is X-Men all over again. It wasn't some covert government conspiracy though, or at least not at this location or anywhere to my knowledge. The public would have never let that happen.\" Clara brushed some hanging wires out of their way as they made their way down a branching hallway. Occasionally a guard or technician would pass by and greet her with an obligatory nod. She was respected here, not just in charge. \"From what I understand, this was a private genetic research company with a sector of employees with more, well, illicit motives. They wanted to harness and study these new abilities, but Washington and the Feds refused to give them any sort of permit for it. The feds argued that it was absolute foolery to dabble in something so unknown that had already proved to be incredibly dangerous. So the sector just continued behind their backs. I doubt the higher-ups in the company knew anything about this. This whole section of the building was sealed off to only a few employees. I imagine they bribed or threatened anyone who discovered evidence of what was going on in this wing. As you can see, it is no longer secure,\" she trailed off absently as she picked her way around a collapsed section of drywall. Clara didn't elaborate further. Despite the questions burning in her mind, Angela knew when a question was not appropriate to ask. It seemed she would find everything out soon enough. They approached the end of the hallway and made several turns before approaching a room with the remnants of sturdy double doors. The doors had been peeled away from the inside like they were aluminum. This was the first doorway to have guards. For all their talk of security, it looked like they couldn't spare the manpower. Clara simply placed her hand on Angela's arm and guided her silently through the doors as the sentries stepped aside. Within the room were countless people of every age resting on beds, cots, gurneys, or sheets on the floor. All of them were wounded, and some weren't moving. Angela scanned the room quickly for any sign of the others, but Clara had already read her thoughts. She guided her over to two boys, one lying in a cot and the other sitting in a chair, nervously wringing his hands. Matt's head snapped up at the sound of footsteps and he instinctively raised his hands before remembering the bracelet had rendered his powers useless. When he saw her he lowered one hand and ran the other nervously through his hair. \"Good to see you're okay,\" he said, looking everywhere but at her. She had expected some sort of snide comment. \"I wasn't sure what to expect either. Is he-?\" \"He's just tranquilized,\" Clara explained curtly. \"He pulled the first dart out quickly enough that he woke up soon after and attacked the guards leading you through the building. This was before we attached the bracelets. Luckily he was outnumbered, so no one was hurt. I judged that there was no sense in letting him wake up until he saw the two of you intact.\" Angela looked at his wrist that was fitted with the same horrible bracelet as her own arm. She kept wanting to tear it out of her skin and be free of it, but the thought continued to bring fresh waves of nausea. She stared at the tiles of the floor until the nausea-induced spots in her vision faded. \"What the hell, you look awful. Sit down,\" Matt offered as he stood up. She collapsed into the chair and closed her eyes to stop the world from spinning. Why, why did she have to be born with such a weak stomach? When she opened her eyes a guard was whispering to Clara while staring at them, unsure if the information he was telling her should be shared. Clara apparently thought otherwise. \"There's been a sighting of possibly hostile individuals making their way towards the facility. I need to gather a team to investigate. I'll send someone over to finish explaining the situation to you three.\" She seemed uncharacteristically flustered as she turned on her heel and swept across the cramped room, tugging obsessively at her sleeve that didn't quite cover the entirety of the bracelet. \"I'm guessing you figured out what this thing does by now,\" Angela said. Matt, who was sitting on the edge of the bed, said nothing. His leg hadn't stopped bouncing since he sat down. There was no guard on their way yet, so they could talk freely. \"You don't realize how much you use it for until its gone,\" he said. \"Just picking up a pencil without having to bend over. It's like losing one of your hands, but it also feels like being blindfolded. I get that they don't want anyone getting hurt, but after this-\" he said raising his hand, \"- I can't trust them. And I don't think you should either.\" She leaned back in her seat and stared blankly at the metal framing of the cot. \"I never planned to. Did she say anything to you about people's abilities here not being stable?\" Andrew shifted slightly and the conversation ended. \"Yo. Hey, wake up. He should probably hear this too, especially if she told us different things,\" Matt said. Andrew mumbled something and reluctantly sat up halfway, blinking in the harsh fluorescent lights. He immediately saw the armband and swore profusely, trying to tear at it blindly before Matt caught his cousin's hand. \"There's no getting rid of it until we do what they tell us too. That woman that was outside told us it was for safety but that's bullshit. It's a shackle. They're not gonna let us out of it until they get our help,\" Matt explained. \"That's bullshit. Why did they bother leading us here instead of just knocking us out in the first place?\" he demanded. \"They didn't want to take the risk of sending their own people out to get us,\" Angela realized aloud. \"She said the armbands were on all the people here because they weren't stable though. What the hell does that mean?\" \"There were plenty of guards around me more willing to answer questions than she was. Everyone here had powers at some point. It looks like chronologically we were the first three people to find that thing, so our abilities are insanely stronger than anyone here. That's why they're terrified of us. When this company started doing experiments, they didn't know where to start so they just tried pushing people's powers to the limits. People died, but others just sort of... broke, I guess. They lost control of it and it just turned into like a live wire in a bathtub. The next experiment was this serum to temporarily inhibit people, but apparently they couldn't live without it after a certain amount of time. They forgot how to turn it off on their own.\" There was a pause before Andrew said what they'd all been thinking. \"So that'll happen to us eventually. To some degree, right? Why are we even waiting here?\" \"Like Clara said, we've been assembling a small team to escort you,\" a new voice suddenly said. The three of them turned guiltily to the new voice. \"Yeah, I heard everything. If you're as concerned about this as you should be, you'll be very motivated to comply with what we tell you,\" the girl said confidently. Angela gripped the sides of her seat angrily. They were being completely manipulated by these people. If they'd just flown over the damn wall this could have been over by now. They were probably the ones who made it in the first place! \"Fine. But if you don't let us go after this I'll find a gun and kill you the old fashioned way,\" Angela warned. The girl shrugged. \"Fair enough. Meet me by the door when you're ready. We have something to show you before we head out.\" Her leather jacket crinkled as she stretched her arms over her head and walked off. \"So if we mess up, we die and put people in danger. If we actually do this, we'll either self-combust or never be able to use our powers again and be stuck with this thing forever,\" Angela said. \" If we run out of time,\" Matt corrected. \"Which I don't plan on. I'll be damned if we went through all this just to die today, for people we don't even care about. If I die, it's going to be protecting someone I give two shits about.\" \"So basically no one in this room,\" Andrew grumbled bitterly. \"Okay this needs to stop, right now,\" Matt raised his voice as he turned to face Andrew. \"What needs to, Matt? You lying to us and pretending you care about anyone but yourself? We both know you don't give a shit about Angela. You just met her, what, three days ago? Shit I'm your cousin and you can't be bothered to come looking for me for a year! And even then someone else had to lead you into it!\" he yelled. Several heads turned, but Matt ignored them. \"I thought you were dead! The whole world thought you were dead, Andrew! I would not risk my life and my girlfriend's life for someone I didn't care about. You're right, I should have- I should have been a better friend, I should have been there for you when you actually needed it. Maybe half of this awful crap wouldn't have happened. But neither of us can change what we did or didn't do. Every damn day that goes by I wish I could bring Steve back. I miss him too. And every day you were gone I tortured myself thinking of all the things I did wrong. But we can't live like this, we'll go batshit crazy. Eventually you have to move on. But I do care about you, I always have even if I was stupid enough not to show it. Now enough of this soap opera stuff, let's get up and go kick some ass.\" Matt risked a grin and hugged his cousin, the latter's eyes widening in surprise. Angela didn't fight back the smile creeping across her face. The scene gave her a slight hope that maybe the universe didn't suck so much, at least on that particular day, and maybe they would have a chance at getting out of this alive. Matt sat up and tried to regain nonchalance and some semblance of looking manly, though it ended up more amusing than convincing. Andrew stuttered for a response at a complete loss for words. Finally, he managed a pained \"thank you.\" Remembering his previous comment, he turned to Angela but found he could not meet her eyes. \"You don't have to say anything to me. You already tried to save me from that dart. That's more than enough for one day,\" she reassured. His grey eyes shamefully met hers. \"No, I treated both of you like shit and you both came halfway across the world to find me. I'm sorry.\" \"Apology accepted,\" she said earnestly. \"Hey! You three coming with us or not?\" the leather-decked guard called out from across the room. The three of them scrambled to their feet, having forgotten that their bodies were now time bombs. \"Well, time to kick some ass, then?\" Andrew asked with a nervous attempt at a smile. Angela responded with a crooked grin. \"They don't stand a chance.\" Woohoo! Many edits later, the new chapter. I'm still not completely happy with it, but at least it came a bit more full circle to the original story. The rest of the explanation of this creepy organization comes in the next chapter, and so does a bit more action. Hope you all have a fun New Year's and eat lots of tasty food :) And wow, longest chapter yet by over 300 words! I love all the story ideas you guys keep leaving! Unfortunately, this will be my one and only fanfiction for this movie. It has already turned out to be quite a project! After this I might go back to a game I was working on called \"What Lies Around the Corner\" which can be found under the horror section of the Storynexus website. When I saw your Jeff the Killer crossover idea I have to say it was kind of intriguing. I'm not up for writing it, but if you take up the challenge I would love to read it! I would love to read any of my reader's fics if you want to send a link. Also glad to see I'm not the only one who watches a movie and thinks \"Hm. This is incredibly sad. I'm going to go curl up in a corner and cry and then fix the ending immediately.\"[Chapter 19] Alright, the next chapter is halfway done. But I do need some help with picking names! I have a few ideas but I wanted to let you guys have some input if you feel so inclined. You will find two polls below, just respond by leaving a review on the chapter. I will post the results in about 3 days or so (Jan 2) if there have been any votes. You are also more than welcome to submit your own original idea :) The first poll is for a character so far only introduced in chapter 15: Away From the Fray. He will have a much bigger part in chapter 17. This is the guard obsessively spinning the glass shards. This character has a loud mouth and overall has quite a caustic personality. So, the choices are: Arthur Cameron Jem Jay Milo Ian Caleb Collin (I'm really leaning towards Milo or Cameron) Next is the female guard wielding the gun outside who checks the trio for weapons. She is also the girl inside who calls for the group to break up their \"soap opera\" thing as Matt calls it. She is spunky, wears a bit too much leather and makeup, and despite all her sarcasm is actually quite young and not used to having to play the tough act. She will likely resurface as a character later on, and also has a large part in chapter 17. The choices are: Justine Delilah Elyse Hailey Adeline Ava Scarlett Tess Jillian Brielle Harper Sierra Selene Dana Roan (So far my favorites are Harper or Jillian)[Chapter 20] Shatter Me~ Lindsey Stirling watch?v=49tpIMDy9BE \"Sorry about all of you guys getting knocked out. But it hasn't exactly been a party for us either,\" their escort said. The spritely and sarcastic female guard with the leather jacket and ponytail that had called them over was now walking with them to the doors leading away from the makeshift infirmary. \"As long as we make it out of here alive I won't take it personally,\" Angela replied with equal conviction. It was a long distance to the front door. She hadn't realized she'd been sprinting the length of the room on her way in. Some of the injured looked at her suspiciously, their eyes permanently marked by fear and pain. \"Why did these experiments go on as long as they did?\" Matt asked in disgust. The guard shifted her gun uncomfortably. Angela noticed she did not have an inhibitor. \"Originally they were harmless. They wanted to see if any other powers were dealt out by that crystal, or if there was some way to amplify them. When the experiments turned brutal, a lot of the workers on the project resigned or left with hush money. Some stayed to help the patients. Eventually we got together a plan to escape. But so many people had already died... everyone had suffered so much. There were a whole lot of subjects who didn't want these bastards to get away with what they'd done,\" the guard explained. They were nearly to the door. The rest of their escort was waiting out of sight on the other side. She spoke more quickly in order to get as much of the story in as possible. \"We tried to work out a peaceful solution, but the researchers realized what they'd created. Most of them didn't want to hurt anyone, there were a lot of accidents. But they made us stay until they could test the inhibitors further. The other guards will fill in the rest. I'm... not really allowed to leave here. My only skill is with a gun, as far as weapons. Go on, then,\" she said. Angela scrutinized the girl's face, looking for any hint that she could trust her. It didn't really matter if they were parting ways. \"Try not to get blown up, hm?\" she advised. \"I've had enough explosions to last me, I think I'm good,\" Andrew responded shortly. Matt was the first to step through the doorway before reacting very strongly to whoever was on the other side. Several swear words and a short scuffle later, Angela and Andrew darted through the door to find Matt pinned to the wall by none other than the man who had sent the darts at them. Angela remembered the eerie way he had obsessively spun the glass shards, how emotionless his face looked. This was not the kind of person she wanted to be in charge of keeping her alive. \"Why do they have the son of a bitch who knocked us out as our escort?\" Matt demanded. \"Who the hell thought this was a good idea?\" He struggled, but could barely move a limb. Angela realized that the young man's hand was not actually touching Matt's body, merely hovering in front of it. The guard leaned in, though she could not see his face. \"I'm one of the few people left in this godforsaken building that isn't a living time bomb. If you'd rather have the teen with the gun or the old hag, be my guest. The other guy that actually had some skill with a weapon died an hour ago trying to keep this building secure. Would you rather have another rookie die for you?\" the guard snarled. Matt swallowed nervously and shook his head before dropping to the ground like a sack of potatoes. \"How are we supposed to trust you with our lives?\" Andrew challenged. The man turned around and replied, \"you don't. It's not my job to babysit you. My job is getting you to the main fight in one piece and cleaning up the mess if you fail.\" Without another word he stalked off through the cluttered hallway. Immediately, five glass shards congregated in his palm and began to spin by his side. \"Well, pleasure to meet you too,\" Matt spat. \"Ignore Milo,\" the other escort sighed. Angela hadn't even noticed she was behind them. When he was far enough out of earshot she murmured, \"he was close to the kid who just died. Everyone here is tired of losing people. I'm sure you three haven't had it easy either... my name's Jillian.\" Jillian shook hands with the three of them in a desperate attempt to be cordial, but it honestly just left a sour taste in Angela's mouth. All those broken people in the infirmary had put their faith in them to fix this shitty situation, and their own escort didn't believe in them. She noticed Jillian was carrying a gun. The white of an inhibitor peeked out from under her sleeve. \"Get a move on, will ya?\" Milo yelled, kicking a block of concrete in frustration and then proceeding to swear profusely. \"Despite this one's loud mouth, he will actually attempt to protect you,\" Jillian said. The silence was enough to convey that they were not convinced. \"So, uh, Harper left off where there was a difference of opinion among all the patients, right?\" \"Yeah,\" they mumbled in unison. Everyone seemed to be dragging their feet. It was taking unnervingly long to walk through the hallways. Every second they wasted was a higher risk when removing the bracelet in the future. \"Two subjects named Jaime and Martin played on peoples' frustration and fear. Promised to get them results quicker than we could. They started removing inhibitor bands from people willing to take the risk, and those who didn't survive served as explosives to pave the way for their escape. That's what all... this... is,\" she explained, gesturing at the smoldering rubble. \"It went on for days. But the big guys in charge of the whole operation fled and refused to take responsibility or give compensation of any kind. So they took their cause to the public, albeit in a horrible way. They knew they couldn't expect any help from people who weren't radical advocates of violence like them, so they tried to keep the three of you away.\" \"So let me get this straight. Some wackjob scientists' experiments go wrong, fixing it makes it worse, and these... Jaime and Martin people... are killing random strangers to get attention? Really? Cuz that sounds like bullshit to me. And why were we never taken to be experimented on? And what's stopping a whole building full of people with powers from ending them right now?\" Matt questioned suspiciously, tossing a rock in his hand. \"Well for starters it would help to know that I'm the only one left in the building with any shred of abilities left,\" Milo interjected. \"That can't be possible,\" Angela said. \"I was clever enough to avoid the band until the shit hit the fan. Not that it's helped my situation any.\" Jillian continued the conversation when Milo walked on. \"Everyone knew you. If something happened or you disappeared it would be too obvious they were up to something. And Martin and Jaime's targets weren't random murders. Every killing was someone who orchestrated the experiments. Granted, their uncalculated risks caused hundreds of deaths, but it's no excuse for these vigilante murders. I doubt the two of them were very sane in the first place. It's just a cover for the fact that they're sadistic and sick.\" Milo spun the glass shards more slowly now, listening intently to the conversation. It seemed like the hallways would never end and that they had already been walking for half an hour. Angela looked at Andrew and Matt for a response. Matt seemed unconvinced, and Andrew appeared uncomfortable with the way the last line resonated with him. There was still something bothering her though. \"Why did you even need to put the inhibitors on us? There was no point to us even going inside that building. You could have just as easily explained all this to us on the way to the fight. Why lead us here at all when you could have just met up with us in the city?\" This time Milo answered. \"It's because they don't trust you darling,\" he replied coolly. \"That, and the fact that you're guinea pigs.\" When he didn't continue, Angela demanded, \"I'm not in the mood for a damn riddle right now. Give us a straight answer or I'll make your other eye match the first one.\" Matt and Andrew looked at her in surprise at the sudden outburst of violence. She just really wasn't in the mood for anyone's shit at the moment. The shards stopped spinning and the group stopped instinctively like they'd hit a brick wall. \"They don't want to quench your powers. Clara wants them to build up, like a balloon filling with gas. Eventually, when you let the air out, there's utter chaos,\" he explained. \"She wanted to make sure there was enough time for the inhibitor to build up in your system so that when you ripped it out to fight you wouldn't be able to control it. Clara believes that these people can't be beaten in a normal battle. The only thing that would work is one massive explosion that not even Jaime and Martin together could stop.\" \"How... how big would that explosion be?\" Angela asked. Milo tilted his head in thought and his feathery black hair brushed against the collar of his jacket. He glanced down at the glass shard in his hand and tossed it up and down with his wrist rather than his powers. \"About half the size of Seattle, provided the host had completely lost control and there was no one around to contain it. I suppose you could regain control, but I've never seen anyone succeed,\" he said gravely. The jagged shard continued in its steady rhythmic arc. That damn glass was starting to eat away at her sanity. Maybe that was all that was left of his. Jillian seemed disturbed and anxious that the group was no longer moving. \"Milo,\" she warned under her breath. The glass shard landed in his palm and was still. He gripped it so hard that blood began to stream down the side of his hand. He still didn't face them. Angela didn't want to know what she would see reflected in his eyes. \"Tell me, have you ever seen anyone ripped apart from the inside out?\" he mused manically. \"It's incredibly fast, almost instantaneous, and yet you see every shard of them flying through the air as they break apart in front of your eyes,\" he murmured. The glass shard dropped to the tile floor and shattered. Milo turned and his eyes were bloodshot. \"I've seen enough people shatter like a china doll to know how this is going to end. I'm nothing more than an audience for when you get torn apart like an inverted lawnmower. And the shittiest thing is, if you try to leave those bands on and walk out of this, Clara or Martin will kill you anyways. But sure, let's keep walking and pretend we'll all get out of this alive. Because they won't surrender to you. It'll come down to who can deliver a faster blow. Isn't it such a damn relief to know the truth?\" None of them could respond, their mouths just sort of opened and closed like fish out of water. \"That's what I thought,\" his voice cracked as he turned on a heel and stalked through the double doors ahead. \"Why didn't you tell us any of that?\" Angela asked Jillian in horror. She shook her head, eyes brimming with tears. \"Without any hope of getting through this alive, there was no way you could win. I thought it was for the best to keep all of you in the dark. Milo is a cynic at best and a wreck in the present, but maybe it's better that you know everything.\" \"In that case, I'm taking this shitty thing off now,\" Andrew announced. \"Use this then,\" Jillian resigned, handing him a strange pronged tool. \"It connects to a port in the side to release the needles in your skin.\" She handed identical devices to Angela and Matt. Andrew groaned in disgust as he peeled the loosened bracelet out of his skin. Surprisingly, only a small amount of blood seeped out. Angela followed in suit and tried to ignore the disgusting sound it made. \"Ughh this is so nasty,\" Matt complained. He still hadn't gathered up the nerve to unlock the release. He turned his back to them and rolled up his sleeve. \"Stop looking, let me get it over with without you two staring at me.\" She was grateful when he was done that his long sleeves covered up any blood that may have been on his arm. She didn't think she had the stomach for any more. Milo was sitting on a toppled section of drywall, swinging his feet aimlessly. Jillian had gotten up to sit next to him and was talking quietly. He didn't respond, and his glassy eyes stared at someone who was not there. Angela might have almost felt guilty about the black eye comment, but she didn't pity anyone after how her own day had gone. The group made their way out of the building silently for the most part. Occasionally one of the escorts would announce that a passage was blocked and they needed to change direction. Everyone was in a solemn mood. There was too much pressure to even make small talk. When they stepped back outside, night had fallen. Several hours must have passed since they flew in at dusk, since the moon was already on its way down again. The fires had subsided most of the way, and provided more light source than danger now. An incredibly elderly woman sat warming her hands by the embers of a fire. She was the first living soul they had seen outside of the lab. She was dressed in rags, and appeared homeless. \"What are you doing here? You should have left when the city was evacuated,\" Jillian said. Concerned, she walked towards the woman and knelt on the other side of the fire. \"I've lived through worse times,\" she replied hoarsely. \"I'm too old to be walking that far, and all of the buses were filled. I'd rather a mother and her child have that last seat than someone as old and tired as me. Don't worry yourself,\" she dismissed Jillian with a wave of her hand. She looked past her at the rest of them until her eyes rested on the two cousins. Angela could not see her eyes well from that distance, but her voice became softer. \"Whatever your reasons for staying are, I wish you all the best of luck.\" Jillian thanked her and expressed her regrets that she had nothing to give. The woman shook her head and insisted she needed nothing. When Jillian returned her eyes still held the fierce glow of the fire. \"I'm not sure who I hate more: the people who started all this pain, or the people who won't let it end.\" Okay it took quite a few edits before I was happy with this. I think I may have shaken the jar of angst spice a little to hard when I was mixing up Milo's character. He is actually kind of a badass and helpful later on. Do I ship him and Jillian? We will see. Maybe he just woke up on the wrong side of the bed. Maybe he's lost it? Who knows. I'm shaking my head because I know how this story ends and it ain't pretty. I dropped a few hints in this chapter but I won't confirm any speculations. Harper, Clara, Tracy, and possibly even Richard will be making appearances later in the story. Definitely going to have an epilogue, it's been decided. Happy 2015! Wow... longest chapter so far :O[Chapter 21] AN: I'm sorry for how long it's been without an update. There's no excuse for 6 months. Honestly... as a writer/artist/game designer/whatever, I've never been able to finish any large projects. Especially a novel. It's like I'm scared that if I do finish I'll be proving myself wrong after all these years. It's not fair to you guys though, and that's what got me to sit down again and write this. I have another chapter ready to be published when I get back to my laptop, and hopefully I'll be able to write some more of the fight chapters tonight? The next ones won't be nearly as heavy on dialog. \"Tell me again why we're walking?\" Matt asked. \"They would sense you coming. It's like sending a flare out. We need to get right up behind them without blowing our cover. And piloting Jillian would be a waste of time. She never had powers to begin with,\" Milo explained while scanning the alleyways for any sign of an ambush. The streets were eerily quiet, though several stragglers who looked like they could be homeless peeked out of shattered windows. \"Wish I could test if I could still use it. It's killing me not to know,\" Andrew muttered, staring at his hand. \"You'll get your chance eventually,\" Jillian said. \"If it's not malfunctioning it means you still have control and you'll be fine. Don't worry about it.\" \"Guess you're right,\" he replied, kicking a piece of rubble in a makeshift soccer game. Angela stepped forward and swiped it to her side before he could reach it. They soon started dribbling it between between the two of them until it veered to the side and pinged noisily against a metal trash can. Jillian turned around with a scornful look like they were children misbehaving in church. \"We're going for stealth, remember?\" Milo reminded them. They both grumbled in disappointment but left the rock behind without further protest. Angela shivered and shoved her hands in her jacket pockets. The smoke was starting to settle to the ground, making it difficult to breathe. She had to consciously fight the urge to use her abilities for every little thing. Just not being able to test it was torturous. Her mind was racing a million miles a minute trying to think about anything but the agony of not knowing. \"Entertain us with your mysterious secret plan then,\" Matt said. \"I have no idea what you're talking about,\" Milo responded evasively. \"Well,\" Matt continued, \"even though you have no faith in us or this situation I can't bring myself to believe that you haven't come up with some kind of a plan.\" \"Jaime and Martin knew that the endgame would be on their asses in a day or two. Clara tracked down every remaining person with connections to that company and set a guard on them. Unfortunately, someone used their powers there and Jaime found them. We sent in reinforcements earlier today, but I don't think those hostages are going to last much longer,\" Milo explained. Relief flowed through Angela's veins knowing that they weren't charging in blindly, guns blazing. \"So we need to divert them from the hostages first?\" \"That, and we need to split them up. They're much less powerful when they're apart, same goes for any of us. We also need to take out one of them in an ambush along with whatever backup they may have.\" \"They established a base a few miles away from the hostage building,\" Jillian added. \"If we attacked both of them head on there's no telling who might be holding up remote shields for them. As far as we're concerned, damn near everyone at that base is an enemy. They do, however, have hostages there as well.\" Andrew was the first to spot a potential hole in the plan. \"So to split them up, we have to split up also?\" Jillian cleared her throat awkwardly but couldn't string words together. \"What she's trying to say,\" Milo said, \"is that you won't be the ones going. Jillian volunteered before she even met you to go on the suicide mission to rescue as many hostages as she could from that base before sending a sort of alarm signal straight to Martin. His sister is there in a sort of stasis. As soon as Jillian is caught, every guard in that building is going to attack with telekinesis and he'll feel it a mile away. Knowing his sister is in danger, he won't trust his own men and he'll run right into a trap. He wouldn't expect us to be willing to blow up the entire building.\" \"But that would kill whatever hostages were left inside!\" Angela cried in outrage. \"Jillian wouldn't even have a decent chance to escape, let alone survive to blow up the building until Martin made it there!\" \"I know,\" Jillian replied quietly. \"It's not a surprise to me. I never had powers. I've seen so many people die around me... for no reason other than irresponsibility and vengeance. Finally I can be useful. It's not a bad way to die,\" she choked. Jillian stopped walking momentarily and turned her face so the others would not see her cry. Milo hesitated, too jumbled in his own emotions to comfort someone else. He placed a hand on her shoulder and whispered something in her ear. It occurred to Angela that before all of this insanity they might have been in a relationship. \"There has to be a better way to do this,\" Matt said, shaking his head. \"Unless one of you has the knowledge and materials to build a bomb, and can actually contain it given the circumstances, we need to cut down their power as much as possible,\" Milo sighed. \"Use the gasoline from all the cars left here and make a fireball and trap them inside?\" Andrew suggested. \"Again... there could be two-hundred people helping them that we can't see. Someone has to storm that building. Be glad it's not you.\" The group was silent with the exception of Jillian noting that the weird smells in the air could be toxic due to burning plastic or other materials. After wrapping makeshift bandannas around their mouths, talking became physically as well as emotionally cumbersome. Angela noticed that Milo and Jillian were now walking side by side with their fingertips just touching. All around them, pieces of burning buildings crashed to the ground. It was such a common occurrence that she stopped flinching eventually. The red brimmed sky was beautiful in a powerful and terrible way. Jillian brought the group to a stop at an intersection. \"This is where we part ways,\" she said matter-of-factly. Angela bit her lip, trying to think of something to say. She had only known this woman for an hour or so, and yet here she was laying down her life for them and a hopeless cause. She wished she could reassure her that they would succeed and she wouldn't die in vain. It was a lie though, to Jillian and herself, and they all saw through it. Jillian turned to Angela. \"I still think you have a chance. Nearly everyone at the research lab has lost most of the people around them. They've lost the ability to connect. I think the three of you have something, something I've only ever seen with twins, with the exception of Jaime and Martin. You three have a connection. I can't feel the resonance like the others can, but I can see it. When you jumped in front of the dart for her, when you rushed into the infirmary. Genuine human connection strengthens abilities more than any drug we ever tested in the labs. I have faith in you. Now get out there and end this,\" she said, looking between all of them. Before the group could try to think of something meaningful to say to fill the silence, Milo threw his arms around her. Jillian buried her face in his jacket and sniffled. \"Please forgive me,\" she murmured. He tightened his grip on her and replied \"we won't be apart long.\"[Chapter 22] AN: I'm not super happy with this chapter. In fact I debated whether I wanted to introduce multiple viewpoints this late in ths story. I feel like it doesn't add much that couldn't be summarized later on. However, later on there will be some scenes with her that I feel would have more emotional oomph if they were experienced in the present tense. It also justifies a sudden necessary vp switch a few chapters from now *evil grin* *grin falls away as author goes to cry in a corner*. As soon as Jillian was out of sight of the group she broke into a relentless sprint. She'd be damned if she didn't reach the base long before they had any chance of attracting Jaime's attention. Exhaustion wouldn't mean a thing to her in an hour. She ran and ran until her legs felt like jello and her throat burned as if she was breathing vodka. The warehouse the duo had converted into a base loomed ahead of her. Jillian slowed down enough so that she could regain her dexterity before sneaking in. She and Milo had spent half an hour earlier in the day painstakingly reviewing maps of the building covered with scribbles of what few scraps of intelligence they had received about the place. He had offered more times than she cared to count to go in her place. She knew the group would need him infinitely more than her, but it broke her heart to know that he would be losing someone else. Milo would wait to attack until Martin left. Every second she wasted was another chance that they could be caught. Jillian pressed up against the brick wall of the building and peered inside. There had been no cameras on the outside of the building. Through the tinted windows in the door, however, she could just make out two silhouettes. Her gun had already been fitted with a silencer before she left. She ducked down and shoved through the double doors, her gun already trained on the first guard. A few rounds of bullets to the chest and he was on the ground before the second guard even had the safety off. There was no mercy in her heart for these people. They were waiting for her, knowing she would come. They had chosen to follow two lunatics into battle and they should have known there would be a price to pay. She peppered the second guard's chest. Whenever any emotion threatened to overcome her she pushed it into a little black box at the back of her mind. She tried not to think about the fact that there was very little now that separated her from her enemies except who they were fighting for. Both sides were prepared to commit a massacre. The only difference was that one wanted to end the battle. Sweeping the lifeless bodies out of clear line of sight, she pressed onward in the direction she knew would lead her to the room holding the vast majority of the hostages. What was eating away at her was that there were two rooms. It was likely that someone in the first room would send off an alarm before she could reach the second. She could only hope that the others would have enough foresight to risk an escape amidst the chaos. For the next ten minutes she continued to take out unsuspecting guards. It seemed that Jaime and Martin hadn't bothered to put them through any training exercises on how to actually use a weapon. She wasn't surprised. Something felt undeniably off about one of those two, but she couldn't put her finger on it. It went past the human capacity for destruction. Even transcending superhuman, perhaps. It also surprised her that the vast majority of them were using traditional weapons. Lucky her. Her train of thought was interrupted by the realization that she had reached the hostage room. One move... she thought, and I screw everything up . Unless she could get every guard in that room before one of them used telekinesis, she would have mere minutes to lead the hostages out and set explosives around the building. She could almost feel Milo standing next to her: the old Milo. Still snarky as ever, but still with life behind his eyes. Was this what happened when you knew you were about to die? She wasn't sure if her brain was taunting her or making a last-ditch effort to comfort her. \" Now or never, \" the ghostly vision reminded her. \" Let's blow this popsicle stand. \" Jillian smiled and fought back tears. She had a feeling that soon the real Milo's last words would ring hauntingly true. ","Summary":" Disclaimer: I do not own the original Chronicle story or characters and am not affiliated with the "},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Wherever the Heart May Sway","Author":"The Barracking Bard","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/4041726","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Revised with my beta. Stolen Kisses A lithe hand twisted itself in the hair of the man sleeping. Silently, it winnowed itself between the dark strands,, brushing them away from the man's dreaming face. He stirred slightly, giving a light grunt and slowly his eyes opened, facing the woman who lay next to him. He observed her somnolent face next to his, savouring her gentle breathing against his skin. A smile slowly unfurled, emphasising the faint lines which were beginning to become engraved within his weathered skin. The woman returned it and kissed his lips. His lips were chapped and calloused from the many days spent in the cold – but that was just how she liked them. \"I didn't mean to wake you,\" she murmured, pausing in the combing of his hair. \"I wasn't asleep,\" he replied quietly. He took her hand away from his hair and cupped it in his own, kissing the thin skin on her wrist. He then nestled it close to his chest; keeping such a delicate thing within his grasp was a treasure to him. \"Your hands are cold,\" said the man. \"Then I bid thee good sir Stephen McKenna, to warm them up,\" the woman grinned. The man named Stephen didn't need telling twice. He slowly reached for her other hand and placed them both against the warmth of his chest, which was dusted with flecks of dark hair. The woman gave a long sigh of pleasure and snuggled closer to him, engrossing herself in his emanating heat. \"Mmm, that's better,\" she replied, draping one arm around him. She gave a small laugh. \"I can feel your heart beating, your warrior heart.\" \"Oh, my warrior heart now?\" Stephen repeated, humour thick in his tone. \"Call me a soppy old fool, but you, Meghan Mckenna turn me soft!\", \"Would you rather me love a beast for a man? Perhaps one who sleeps in his own drunken dreams every night?\" Meghan teased, quiet laughter cracking her serene tone. \"Swaying into the hut from too much ale? Hmm?\" \"Twice that has happened,\" Stephen chuckled sheepishly, giving Meghan a playful poke in the ribs, \"and did you ever complain?\" His face faltered into a blank look. \"Did you? I can't remember … \" \"Too right you were,\" Meghan laughed, \"I was muttering constantly under my breath and the only response I got from you was, 'Calm thee down woman and help me get my boots off.' I said to you, 'I wouldn't touch those filthy things with a ten foot pole,' and then what did you go and do …?\" She paused as a dry reminiscent smile angled her lips, \"…Fell asleep from where you sat in your chair. So I left you to it, though your bloody loud snores echoed throughout the whole night. Kept Logan and I up.\" Meghan gave a sharp exasperated sigh. There was a moment's silence, when they both simply looked at each other, their faces taut from threatening laughter. It then exploded a second later and they hastily attempted to stifle their sniggers, lest they disturbed the dreaming child who lay across the room. They both wriggled around restlessly like children as they clamped each other's hands over their mouths to stem the laughter. \"You'll wake him,\" hissed Meghan playfully. She propped herself up on her pillow and studied Stephen. He faced her, while lying on his side. She could see his nipples folded up against one another, poking up from the folds of the threadbare sheets of the bed ... everything about him was perfect. She loved him: from every scar sinuously drawn into his skin, to every crevassed line dimpling his goofy smile. The threat of sentimentality began to stab at her mind and Meghan tried to shove it in the back of her thoughts. She failed. She put a hand to her face to push back her hair as she felt Stephen stare at her. Look away you silly man! Don't make me push you off this bed … It always amused him that his Meghan became so embarrassed in intense moments such as this, and just as he expected, he saw a flush begin to glow in her cheeks. It clashed with her hair, but he cared not. He reached out his hand and placed Meghan's in one of his own. With the other he traced the angle of her small cheek with a calloused finger and slowly brought her face to his. He felt her press her lips to his own, lingering momentarily on his bottom lip, nibbling it gently. Stephen slid his hand around her waist and pulled her to him, pleasantly surprised when she did not object to the rough handling. She met his gaze with one of similar need, the corner of her full lips crooking into a smile of encouragement as well as anticipation. The heat of their skin between them created a delicious friction and finally Stephen could bear it no more and captured her mouth in a kiss of intense passion. Her lips opened beneath him as he began exploring her mouth, enjoying it more when her hands wrapped around his neck and pulled him closer to her. Her soft body molded perfectly to his own as he plundered her, his tongue dueling lustily with her own. For her seemingly delicate disposition, she matched him with each thrust and parry of this sensuous combat, until a kiss had so much power over him he could barely breathe. He allowed his hands to ind the shape of her breast and began kneading. A small sound escaped her and he knew it was not pain. The soft, round flesh of her breast beneath his fingers made him growl under his breath, as he began to gently envelope her body with showers of kisses. Meghan's breaths came in short pleasurable gasps - \"NOOO!! NO! NOT MY CHILD!! Don't drag him away! No! No! NO!! \" A high-pitched, wild scream ripped through the air with the force of an axe hitting stone. Stephan and Meghan started violently in surprise, both nearly banging their heads together from within their tight embrace. Meghan turned a wild-eyed face to Stephen. \"What …?\" she gasped, her jaw hanging open. \"God Almighty,\" said Stephen in dismay. \"What's going on?\" Meghan's voice was barely more than a whisper, \"…a child's in danger?\" Logan … The cry of the woman had sparked fresh fears inside of Meghan's head. Instinctively, she bolted out of the bed and raced across the room, only to find her child's bed empty! She gave a long, distressed moan which transgressed into a sob and she sank weakly to her knees, her trembling hands covering her face. Behind her, Meghan felt Stephen get up from the bed and dash over. \"He's –\" Meghan tried to say, as she peeked one eye through her fingers up at Stephen; his face was taut with panic and fear. They both started again as another shrill scream shattered the night and suddenly the ground started shake with the pummel of hooves. \"Get back and stay in the hut,\" Stephen said quickly, trying in vain to keep his voice steady. \"I'm going to look for him.\" \"It's the English,\" Meghan gasped, as tears began to trickle down her cheeks. \"He's out there, all alone, why – why – my child – my boy\" She began to sob violently into her hands, rocking herself back and forth as she knelt on the ground. \"Meghan, don't panic,\" Stephan begged, as he observed his wife's distressed state with mounting fear, \"I'm – I'm going to look, now please – please just stay hidden.\" The moment was far too terrible - strange men, brandishing metal swords and crying like wild savages into the night, and every turn you tried to take, you were faced with the sheer prospect of Death … it was no place for a child. He briefly stroked her shoulders and he reached for his broad sword, which was propped against a table. It glinted welcomingly in the moonlight as he held it firmly in his hand. He felt a sudden rush of determination. Soon, more screams and yells of terror began to fill the air and without a second glance Stephen disappeared through the wooden door, leaving Meghan swathed in the dark shadows of the hut.[Chapter 2] Author'snNote: A big thanks to my first two reviewers: bubblymuggle and lovebuggy. Inhope this chapter answers any queries you might have. I hope everyonenenjoys this next installment. Pleasenput forth Constructive criticism! ChapternTwo Nothingnin the stillness of the hut was uttered, as soon as Stephen left. Allnwas but a crumbling bridge of tension inside of Meghan's mind, asnshe waited with bated breath behind the table. Flashes of flames werenseen combusting through the cracks of the meagre wooden walls andnshouts and frenzied yells of pain cracked through the air. Itntook all of Meghan's self restraint to not leap out from her hidingnplace and scream her lungs out,. Her yearning for the return of hernStephen and Logan was unbearable. Yetnthe child was lost, long gone into the newly sprung battle fieldninflicted by the English. And how would he escape? How would Stephennfind him amidst the panic of the village? The fear was like an icynknife being plunged into her heart. Thenwait was agonising. Asnsoon as Stephen stepped outside the hut, he was plunged into a livingnnightmare. Thenvillage was in uproar. Englishmennmounted upon horses, charged into huts and knifed, stabbed andnbludgeoned all in their path. Belchesnof fire was billowing into the air from the huts, as scatterednsoldiers, holding flaming torches, lit the huts. Thenstifling fear seemed to rip the Irishman's heart right out of hisnchest. Hisnblue eyes scanned the huts frenziedly for a child, running aimlesslynfor their life. But his concentration was distracted by the fleeingnpeople of the village, as they left limply clutching what possessionsnthey could reach. 'Logan!' Stephenntried to yell out his lad's name but his voice was drowned out fromnthe screams. 'LOGAN!'. Nothing. Hendesperately darted from hut to hut nearby, dodging the sight of thenEnglish and ducking from streams of flames. 'LOGAN!'nStephen again yelled into the night. Hisneyes began to bulge with mounting trepidition. Sweat was beginning toncrawl down his face and mud was smeared across his forehead. Thensword in his hand felt useless and heavy. But he would not considernthe worse … not yet. It was far too grave. He was a fighter. ' LOGANnMCKENNA! COME HERE NOW!' he hollered madly. Suddenlynhe felt somebody grab him from behind. Instinctively he whirlednround, his axe aloft but came face to face with one of his localnfriends, Connor. The thin man did not flinch from Stephen's risennsword and with one arm, forced him to turn away from entering thenfray of the battle that stirred in the village. There was somethingnin Connor's hasty manner which unnerved him. 'Stephen,nyou will not find your son here,' he said, his breathing coming innsharp and ragged gasps. 'What?'nsaid Stephen dumbly, gazing at is friend as if he hadn't seen himnbefore. Connorntook Stephen sharply by the arm, his legs charging up to run as fastnas they could muster. 'Havenyou seen him?' exclaimed Stephen again, as the two men ran down ansteep bank. A shower of flames exploded from a hut up ahead and thenterrible cry of a woman was heard. They ran on even faster andnStephen impatiently waited for his friend to reply. 'Havenyou seen my son? Answer me!' Stephen said, his voice beginning tonlose control. 'Yes!nI'm taking you back to your hut and I saw young Logan runningnaround there – ' 'You sawn- ?' '-nSurrounded by a gaggle of English bastards – ' ' WHAT?' Connornhad no time to respond because Stephen had already propelled off onnahead, driven by this awful news. He would not contemplate it. Logan,nMeghan, Logan, Meghan – images of their bodies stained with blood,nsprawled on the muddy ground with their internal organs crudelynhanging out, threatened to drive him insane. Henturned a corner, around a charred hut when he heard the most terriblenscream of his life. It was not a scream of pain but a loud, wild,nshriek of agonizing grief. The piercing, shrill noise seemed tonwrench him of every emotion to the core, and it was with greatncaution, that he dared to look what was causing it. Outsidenof his hut, kneeling on the floor and held firmly by two Englishmen,nStephen saw Meghan in a state he thought he never would. Her wholenbody was shaking with paroxysms of grief, as she tried desperately innvain to be free of their steel grip. Butnher wild, tear-stained face was staring horrified at something onnStephen's far left. Before he could emerge, his glance strayed tonwhere his wife was gawking at in her terror. Thenform of a small child lay lifeless upon the ground, cloaked in mud atnthe feet of a portly English soldier. From what Stephen could see,nblood was steadily pouring from the clumped strands of the child'snauburn hair. Anwild tornado of insanity ripped through Stephen. He had no time toncontemplate on how to appear. He simply charged from behind the hut,nscreaming a frenzied, animalistic cry, and he propelled unthinkinglyntowards the band of English soldiers, waving his sword madly aboutnhis head. Meghannlifted her gaze in alarm at his arrival, even though she was dazed bynher anguish. More English soldiers appeared from nowhere; theirnswords raised and joined the gang. She surveyed the attack on Stephennin horror. She tried to scream his name but her voice was drowned bynthe loud clanging of swords. She was wilting in her despair. Ansecond later, they had deftly surrounded Stephen but he was slashing,nchopping and bashing anything that moved. Soon a pile of deadnsoldiers were strewn about the ground. One soldier remained. Hencircled Stephen stealthily like a wolf, whose blue eyes were maddenednslits of fury. 'ThenAlmighty tells me you're going to die a lonely man,' sneered thenEnglish soldier. The soldiers which held Meghan neighed with laughternat their comrade's words. Meghan gave a moan of fright and dug hernheels into the ground, trying to block out all reality. Stephenntilted his head to one side, his eyes bulging again in a newlynincensed anger that he had never experienced before. 'No,'nhe hissed, a manic smirk lifting his lips, 'the Almighty tells menyour limbs are going to be slewed from here to kingdom come!' ThenEnglish soldier gave a bark of laughter and he raised his sword innthe air. It briefly caught the light of the burning village, lookingnmomentarily as if it was on fire, and soon he and Stephen were lockednin fierce combat. Therenwas a brief moment when both swords clanged together, in a motionnwhich forced the soldier and Stephen to come face to face. 'We'rengoing to slay your pretty wife,' he leered, making loathsomenkissing noises, 'she wouldn't bad either way, corpse or living whore.' The two soldiers who held Meghan jeered withnlaughter, which was overlapped with Meghan's horrified screams ofnhis name. Shenstared wild eyed at the fight, through the red strands of her mattednhair, too stricken to move. Stephennshot his opponent another maddened grin of his insane anger, and henabruptly forced his sword off the English soldier's with all thenstrength he could muster. He whirled and with one vigorous strike, henswung his sword to earth, slicing cleanly through the man's chest.nBut he was too late. Asnsoon as the man's body fell to the ground, he heard Meghan scream. Therenwas an angry yell and a loud 'thunk' and Stephen saw Meghan fallnlimply to the floor, at the feet of a soldier whose sword was raised.nA stream of blood spilled from her back. Laughing, the two Englishnsoldiers who had held her, flung her limp body carelessly onto thenback of a nearby horse. Beforenhe could move, they quickly mounted and with an aggressive kick ofnthe stirrups, the beast started off into the night. Stephen'snlegs had suddenly found their use, and without thinking, he sped offnafter the horse. He fought desperately through the maze of thendevastated debris of the charred huts, following the high, derisivenlaughter of the soldiers. But it was no use, they were far beyond hisnreach. The horse was too fast. 'Non– no – no – no … not on the Almighty' Stephen mutterednfeverishly, with each hurried step he took. Hencared not his legs were screaming their protest or his lungs rippingnfrom every breath, for no way in hell will lose his wife – not hisnMeghan. He would not let them, fate will not allow it, the Almighty would notallow it. They may have taken his son, but not Megan, not – 'Stephen!' Someonenwas yelling his name but he did not seem to register it. Henrealised he was standing on top of a hill, gazing blearily into thennight. An icy wind pierced his skin, whipping his raven hair into hisnface as he stared in the direction the horse had gone, carrying hisnwife. Long gone into the distance. The night had swallowed them. Henslowly turned his head, his chest rising rapidly with heavy breaths,nas he heard the heavy footsteps of somebody approaching up the hill. Anfamiliar thin silhouette emerged: it was Connor. Henlimped over to Stephen, due to a severe cut on his leg. It wasncleanly ripped through his trousers and bleeding profusely butnConnor's gritty, pale eyes were fixed upon Stephen's. Fornseveral moments, both men simply looked at each other hard, as if onennew exactly what the other was thinking. None daring to speak. 'Inknow she's gone,' Connor said gruffly, 'but what is it younthink you're going to do?' Hencringed as his leg gave a wave of pain. Stephennstared at Connor, with his wide, maddened eyes. 'I'mngoing to save her,' he said quietly, 'I'm going to find thatnhorse and I'm going to save her. If not, I will bring back her bodynand bury her in the blessed grounds of this village.' Connornsaid nothing for a while and he squinted stoically into the distance,nbreathing deeply. The man was too built up with his own torment ofnemotions to let any be revealed upon his face. 'Inwill not rest even when the English are dead,' he said, 'myndaughter's bodies lie mangled upon this earth.' Therenwas a quiet fierceness which was tinged in Connor's tone andnStephen knew only too well how he felt. 'Yournson Stephen – ' '-nI know about my son,' Stephen overrode fiercely, his voice shaking,n'I'm going to bury him. And I will find my Meghan and bury hernnext to him. I will place a wreath of daisies about her pretty necknand sh - she will sleep in peace, in the arms of the Almighty. Nextnto our little Logan.' Cuttingnemotion was beginning to claw at Stephen's throat and he fought allnstrength to stop the hot tears which were beginning to sting hisnunblinking eyes. Henbreathed in deeply; inhaling in the raw, November wind and he wipednhis face, disguising all anguish. Connornbowed his head slowly. 'Whenn…' he began to say but his voice faltered. 'Before the attack,nI saw Logan fighting with a stick outside a hut nearby, slippingnoutside as soon as you and Meghan went to bed. The attack might havenscared the lad away before you could do anything.\" Connor heaved anlow sigh, \"he had a stubbornness to fight. An admirable trait whenntrained, but it was not this that lead him to this death; manynchildren that were safe in their huts, now lie dead. Mine included.\" Thennews of his boy's last few moments alive struck Stephen's mindnwith a force more powerful than any sword. He was too drained bothnmentally and physically to respond to Connor's words and Connor wasnwise enough to expect an answer. Asnif in a dream, Stephen slowly made his way past Connor back to thenvillage. Backnto what strewn remnants he had left lingering of his life.[Chapter 3] Author'snNote: thanks to bubblymuggle and her reviews. So I present to you allnchapter three. Reviews much appreciated! ChapternThree Howndo you go back to something that once was? Howndo you paint back the memories of all what is good? Stephennhad never experienced such grave years. His grief was indescribablenand internally set. He had lost everything that had mattered most innonly one night. The memory was as patent as an open wound, nowncrudely engraved deeper into the pits of his mind. It was as fresh,nhurtfully cruel and as vivid from three years ago. Mourning had beenna long and silent process. He could never rid the feeling of thenclammy, cold skin of his dead son, as he wrapped him carefully withnblankets upon the table. Hencould never rid himself of the vision of his son's blank,nslack-jawed face, gazing glassy eyed up at the roof of the hut. Anface that was once so alive with life and wonder, now stained andncontorted with a rainbow of dried blood and angry, purple bruises. Andnfurthermore, he could certainly never rid himself of the moment whennthey placed little Logan's fragile, four year old body into hisnroughly dug grave, set into the unforgiving, iron-cold ground ofnIreland. Never to awake. Forever to be rested. Thenfuneral was short and sweet, just as Logan's life had been. Soonnafter that time, Stephen had taken to hiding in the darkness of hisnhut. So much so, he became hidden within the dark blanket of the painnin his mind. His own meagre grave. It was in the very stillness ofnthese times, when he sat for hours upon end staring unseeingly aheadnof him, did flows of tears come. Tears which merely made smallnvisible channels down upon the surface of his dirtied cheeks. Henpondered incessantly on how to retrieve his wife's body. But he didnnot think he could handle the horror again of transporting hernbutchered form, cleaning out her wounds and burying her. Who knew ofnwhat unspeakable torment her delicate body had been surrendered toonin the company of the soldiers. He pushed the thought back into thensmall, dark place of his mind. Anyear later, Stephen learned that his friend Connor had passed. Thensevere injury on his friend's leg had crippled him after the attacknon the village. Months later it became relentlessly infected and sonConnor was capitulated to vicious fevers and violent, lung-wrenchingncoughs. Thus, the man died, one winter's eve. Hisnwife had never experienced so much agony and it was like reliving annightmare when Stephen watched her mourn as Connor's body wasnlowered into the ground. Nothing.nAll that was ever left was nothing. And so Stephen was left to lingernin the chill, soundless void of his life. -n- - - - - - - - - Thensmooth surface in the puddle was disturbed as the mare's hoofnplunged into it. Itntrotted grudgingly along a roughly, hewn highway, as its rider kept anstern hold upon the reigns. 'Steady,'nwarned a man's voice, 'pull any harder, your horse's head willnfall off.' 'Christ'snsake, I'm doing all I can,' replied a woman, sounding annoyed. Thenman heaved a laugh. 'Allnthat you can? My dear Meghan, all that you can do concludes with onenspectacularly … failing ' 'OhnI daresay that falling on my arse and getting covered in mud wouldnnot be a shame. ' 'Indeed,nthat would not be a failure. You have quite the pretty arse.' 'Steadynon,' laughed Meghan, though her cheeks burned with a twinge ofnembarrassment, 'you're a simpering fool, Latham.' 'Wherenis it you say you're leading me on this waning evening?' sighednthe man called Latham, 'I am much better accustomed to sitting innmy quarters with a bottle of ale and watching the world go by.' 'Slothnis what many would call that,' Meghan gently chastised, tossingnback her red hair over her shoulder, 'and I am leading you to mynhome village.' 'Pardonnme? Your village? 'nLatham blustered, his brown eyes expanding with incredulity, ' Younstated you were taking me to a hill with an apparent glorious view' 'Inwas joking,' said Meghan, sighing at his pompous reaction. Shenwatched Latham's round face split into a half smile, his featherynflaxen hair glowing a burnt sienna in the scarlet sun, which helmednthe sweeping horizon. 'Andnfor your simple pleasure I have agreed to accompany you,' henmuttered. 'Men,'nMeghan mumbled under her breath, 'I have long reached thenconclusion you are all stubbornly lazy.' 'Indeed,nmost women make that assumption. We should not be too long; Aldennawaits you, ready for his mother to put him to bed.' Annerve prickled restlessly in Meghan's forehead at the mention ofnthe name and she rubbed her temples to prevent a stream of stress. Ansharp sigh of frustration issued from her before she could stop it.nClear disdain was written on her face and her gaze furtively snatchednonto Latham's. He was watching her reaction with suppressednausterity. Sensing this, Meghan gave a faint moan. 'Hencan wait,' she said listlessly, stifling a large yawn to cutnthrough the uncomfortable moment, 'get his Lordship to attend to itnfor once.' Latham's face did not flicker; he continued to studynher with stern scrutiny. 'HisnLordship has not granted you your freedom or life to watch his sonnbecome estranged to his own mother,' he said, his words heavy andnstern in every vowel, which suggested they had covered this topicnmany times, 'You are ridiculously lucky, any other man in his powernwould have you left for dead or have you simply killed. You are luckynAldrich's heart remains compassionate, yet sometimes too soft Inwill admit, seeing as it is only your son is all that you have left.nSo be grateful.' Meghan'snface contorted with fury and her cheeks began to flame from beingnspoken too like an ill-mannered toddler. Aldrich. LordnAldrich. He was an old man, turning senile from long hard years ofnbattle and loneliness, wishing now to fulfil it. A long, thick scarnwas stripped down her back from when a group of soldiers had batterednher not so long ago. Flashesnof that nightnappeared in her mind's eye: her limp, unconscious body had beenntaken to the nearest garrison for the noble as a \"prize\". Or morendeeply, an opportunity for the aging noble to finally conceive anchild. Moreover,nshe was told she was ruthlessly flung at the feet of the noble, andnthat a look of disgust had paled visibly upon his crinkled face. Henhad then instructed for Meghan's wounds to be cleaned. Thendried blood caked upon her body mingled with dirt had made thenwithering Aldrich, feel sick. Events after that took an uncomfortablenturn. The old man had chosen to help clean Meghan's wounds himself,nin a bid that they could develop bond as she recovered. Many nightsnhe sat beside her bed, staring with an uncomfortable intensity atnMeghan's weak state. Shencould still remember his orb like eyes almost glowing orange from thenburning brackets of the room, lining his thin, towering form. Shencould almost remember his ragged, uneven breathing as his wrinklednhands gently dabbed at her cuts. And then, one dreadful night, asnMeghan lay half-asleep, drained from the pain prickling in hernhalf-healing wounds, the old man's hands travelled slowly to hernwrists. Henhad forced himself slowly on top of her, careful not to harm any ofnher body. Then, Meghan remembered the pair of gummy lips which hadnpressed themselves clumsily to her own, making a slow channel downnthe hilt of her neck. Meghan had been too weak to resist and also toonsomnolent to acknowledge what was truly happening … as Aldrich knewnfull well. 'Shhh,'nhe had croaked as Meghan made a slight moan of protest, as her hairnwas brushed aside by a pair of lined hands. They then slowly began tonweakly caress her busts. 'No,'nMeghan murmured drowsily, 'not now ….' Atnthe time, Meghan had mused vaguely through her tiredness, if all thatnwas occurring was just a bleary dream, happening in another world. Thenhands that were touching certain parts of her body had triggerednvivid memories of pleasurable and secret times. Hands that were oncenof her lover. Hands of her Stephen. Firm hands which had woundnthemselves upon her body, as skillfully and as passionate as anynwarrior, as if they did not need a mind telling what they should do. However,nthese hands were alien. They had then begun to press firmly onto hernshoulders, though still moving with a gentle carefulness. It was asnif Aldrich had been planning on how to make love to his first womannthrough all his hard and lonely years of warfare, though failingnslightly due to his waning physique. 'Incan't …' Meghan moaned quietly again, as she moved dejectedlynon her pillow, burying her face into its material, 'S-Stephen …' 'No,nmy dear …' Aldrich had muttered softly into her ear, 'I'mnsorry … Stephen is dead … he is no longer here.' Henis no longer here. Meghannstared hard at the mud smattered ground as the memory coursed throughnher, rattling at her bones like poison. A silence drifted between hernand Latham, who was watching her closely. Anlong, whistling wind whipped through the air, searing at her skin.nLatham's expression softened slightly and the contours on his facenangled into a sad smile. 'Youncannot change what has happened,' Latham said, 'but now you havena son to move on with, after all that has been lost.' Meghan'snvoice got caught in her throat as she acknowledged this. She starednunseeingly at Latham mounted upon his palomino and vaguely nodded. Henwas dead. Killed by the English. He would be buried next his littlenson Logan in the cold, iron ground. Father and son finally together,nat peace for an eternity. Andnnow here she was, with yet another son, with the man who had overseennfor the villages to be attacked. She could not bring herself to shownany love towards the wretched old man that he was, and more so, tontheir son Alden she had conceived. A bastard child. 'Wenought to get be going,' Meghan spoke finally. She lifted her headnand Latham saw a ghostly sadness stir within her eyes. It made thensoldier shift uncomfortably in his saddle and he ignorantly ignorednall stabbing thoughts of empathy in his head. Henwas a man of discipline and one that had obeyed orders all his life,nlearning not to show powerful emotion and just mutual respect. Maybe,nlike the old noble Aldrich, that was why he had never had a wife,nonly ever choosing to look upon women as weaker beings that needednprotecting. He hastily cast aside that musing too; it was entirelynunnecessary. Then,nboth he and Meghan turned their steeds around from the highway andnheaded toward the garrison in the distance, as the darkening eveningnclosed in around them.[Chapter 4] Author'snNote: Well I've updated faster than I intended. Meh … it's thenholidays. And this time this chapter is slightly less depressing thannthe others. Benconstructive guys! ChapternFour Heavynbreathing ruptured from within Stephen's chest as he awoke onenmorning. For all it's twisting power, it seemed to claw at his verynlungs, as he tried to heave the phlegm up past his throat, forcingnhim to make rather repulsive throaty, snorting noises. He doublednover, almost rolling out of the bed as the coughs suddenlynconstricted his chest. 'Oh,nhe's awake,' said an amused voice from the door. Stephen's eyesnsnapped open and blearily unsheathed a small dagger towards thensource of the noise. However he lowered his hand as he recognisednthat it was Anice, the widow of his friend Connor. Her plump form wasnillumianted by the pearly morning sunlight. Her hands were placednupon her hips as she surveyed Stephen's bleary state, torn betweennboth amusement and exasperation. 'Drinkingnagain, I see,' she chastised, shaking her head as Stephen clumsilyngot to his feet, as Anice coolly studied the bottle littered floor.nHe grunted a reply and made his way over to her, combing his fingersndistractedly through his dishevelled hair. Shenwatched him closely with her eyebrows raised. Althoughnshe was a stocky, short woman, many men had quelled under hernscrutiny. Including the steadfast Connor. 'Mynapologies Anice,' said Stephen quietly as he scanned the villagenhuts languidly behind her. The light in his blue eyes, no more than anvague glimmer. 'Nonapologies about it if you're not going to look after yourself,'nshe said, drinking up his rugged appearance 'come, I have news fornyou.' 'News?'ngrunted Stephen sceptically; as they started up the hill the villagenwas built on, 'what kind of news?' 'Goodnnews,' Anice affirmed wryly, 'today you will help me prepare forna wedding for one of my nieces. And don't you roll your eyes,'nshe added sternly as Stephen made to make a groan, 'I have not madenan empty promise to Connor to watch one of his best friends declinenfrom all what has happened. You're a man of strength. Now act likenone.' Stephennraised his eyebrows at her but it had been a long time Anice hadnmentioned her dead husband's name. But slowly and gradually she wasnrebuilding all from what had happened. She had buried her daughters,nher husband and gradually burying her grief with setting herself newntasks to accomplish. Yetndeep within, Stephen could not help feel incomplete. Something wasnmissing. 'Younmay also find other things rather than food to your taste at thenceremony,' smiled Anice, a knowing glint in her grey eyes. Stephennraised his eyebrows at her again but a vague laugh escaped him. Anicennodded approvingly. 'Andnmake sure you keep that smile on your face young man,' she said,nwaggling her finger, resembling wildly the look of a flustered hen,n'God only knows you're going to be all doom and gloom at thencelebrations. It would even make God himself want to turn away andnhail you down with lightening bolts, and I know that, even though yountalk to him on daily basis. Honestly.' Shenshook her head and carried on up the hill, lifting her grey skirtsnfrom the soaked mud. Stephen did not reply but laughed genially allnthe same. Though, automatically he looked up into the sky and allowedna grin to unfurl. Itnhad become a cemented habit to talk to the Almighty. Due to the blownof losing his wife, child and now his closest friend he hadndesperately sought comfort and counsel in his prayers to the Lord,nkeeping him his closest companion and personal advisor. He wanted thenstrength to get over his grief, and yet even though he still feltnfreshly torn, he thanked the Lord for granting him the strength tonlive each day. Finallynthey reached the outskirts of the village, and they entered a fieldnwhich was swarming with people, busily attending to jobs. Two largentables were constructed diagonally facing a large space which Stephennpresumed would be an area for joyous dancing. Colours of food werenbeing placed upon the tables and bright banners were hung above it,nfestooning the scene to appear hospitable and festive. 'Thenceremony begins in under an hour,' stated Anice and she broughtnStephen over to a table full of fresh fruit. 'Eat as much as younwant but chopping it onto the platters would be a real help,' shensaid, handing Stephen a rosy apple and a short knife. He took themnvaguely from her, nodding his head in thanks. Suddenlynbehind him there was a blast of music, making him jump. Thenatmosphere transcended into a merry, light tone, immediately wipingnaway any nimbus of gloominess in the air. The musicians had arrived. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - Thensilhouette of a woman stood resolutely beside a stone hewn window,ngazing blankly into the distance across the wild, untamed plains. Thencold, greying clouds which brewed in the sky seemed to reflectnglassily off her unfocused eyes. Another day. Another bleak day.nConfined to her own quarters lest she be leered and glared at by thensoldiers of the grand garrison where she dwelled. The fairness ofnIreland which lay out of her window seemed to insult her, every feralnhill and jagged rock grazed grimly up at her being. She was her ownnprisoner. Locked away by her own contaminating fears and loomingnmiseries. Suddenlynshe felt a gentle tugging of her garment. She cast her eyes down andnsaw a four year old toddler grinning up at her, whilst holding anparticularly ugly toy horse. The thing had been carved by Aldrichnhimself and to Meghan it wildly resembled a debauchedly, distortedncow rather than a proud, strapping stallion. She smirkednhumourlessly. 'Mothernwill you play?' Alden said, his pale eyes very much like hisnfathers wide with enquiry. Meghannlifted her gaze from the child and stared distractedly around thenroom. 'Don'tnpull mother's skirt,' she murmured, pulling her lower garmentsnsharply out of the toddler's grasp. 'Allnright,' smiled Alden oblivious to her cold manner, 'will mothernplay later then?' 'Ern… yeah,' Meghan muttered vaguely, as she rubbed her face innstress, 'go and play, in - in the corner … ' Aldennskipped happily from her company and wandered over to his convertednlittle nursery in the corner of the room. He sat down and contentedlynimmersed himself in a game of \"horse and rider\" with the toy. Shenwatched him closely. Just like her previous son, the child hadninherited her auburn hair and more annoyingly a love for literature.nSo the child was a born scholar she mused dryly. Well Aldrich can seento that. Silently,nshe left the toddler's company and disappeared from the room. Shenwandered through the many corridors, inside the main garrisonnquarters to a lonely room where she knew Aldrich kept his liqueur.nShe quenched for a long, hearty swig of ale; that ought to keep thengloominess pressing at her brain at bay. Thendoor handle of the room moved and a figure entered. By the unevennstumps of footsteps, Meghan recognised it was Aldrich. Her heartnsank. 'Ahnmy dear Meghan,' he croaked. He was clad in an ill-fitted armournwhich hung off his body like dead skin off his body. It was smearednwith smatters of mud. His wispy grey hair was bedraggled and hungnlike loose curtains, framing his long face. He was fresh from annerrand of fighting. 'Fighting?'nenquired Meghan as she studied him, carefully closing the liqueurncupboard draw silently shut behind her. 'Yes,'nsmiled Aldrich thinly. He swept over to the cupboard and pulled out anlarge bottle of ale. He uncorked it and hungrily drank straight fromnthe top, whilst holding the bottle at a precarious angle. Streams ofnale began to slide down his neck, seeping into his red collar. Whennhe had consumed it all, he wiped his mouth and banged it on a nearbyntable. 'Inwas in need of that,' he said, staring at her. 'Indeed,'nMeghan replied tonelessly. 'Yetnmore control has been needed in the lower villages. King Edward hasnset me a weighty task, I do not think it is feasible but still I willntry. He keeps my being in high esteem, granting me this large stonengarrison, which indeed may become a working town if I set my sightsnon it,' he uttered a sigh, 'Commanding has not been one of mynfavourite ways to spend my days. Would God rather have chosen me tonbe the humble farmer in his field? Or maybe the lowly beggar on thenstreets of London? We will never know. Anyway enough garble from me,nhow has your day been so far my darling?' 'Bleak,'nMeghan replied stonily, pervading his confession with a dismissivenresponse. 'Bynthat tone of voice I would suspect,' laughed Aldrich, 'have younbeen playing with little Alden?' 'No,'nsaid Meghan shortly. 'Why?' 'Hensleeps.' 'Oh,nvery well!' he exclaimed, 'will you sleep also?' 'It'snmidday,' Meghan said, frowning. 'Willnyou nap with me – put an old man to his bed?' asked Aldrich,nwinking; the alcohol was beginning to transgress his brain. So muchnso he did not hear Meghan's noise of disgust or feel her leave thenroom. 'I'vensent an escort to give you some supper - I mean tea,' said Aldrichnblearily, his voice echoing incoherently off the stone corridor wallsnas Meghan retreated down them, 'please eat ….' Shenshook her head and headed back to the nursery room, and slammed thendoor behind her. -n- - - - - - - - - Thenevening atmosphere was quenched with merriment. The quiveringnheart-thumping notes of the flute and the joyful, spinning notes ofnthe fiddle garlanded the air, spreading its wings of infectiousnsounds into the hearts of the villagers as they danced joyfully thennight away with each song. People sat on benches, happily watchingnthe scene, applauding loudly at the end of each song. Stephen wasnamong them. For the first time in years, a precious spark ofnhappiness that he thought he would never feel, erupted inside him.nAnd he blessed it. Thenwedding had been an extremely wonderful affair. Although, it stronglynreminded him of when he and Meghan had married some six years ago, hencould not help feel pleased for the newly wedded couple. He hadnclapped happily along with the rest, smiling largely as they sharedntheir first kiss before the priest, their faces beaming withnadoration for one another. 'Oof!nI'm all pooped out!' Stephennswivelled his head and saw a very tipsy Anice meandering her wayntowards him. She almost tripped from her ceremonial dress but Stephenncaught her deftly with his hands. 'Ohnthank you very much,' she said, as he helped her sit beside him.nHer round cheeks were ruddy from the influence of a few hearty drinksnbut her grey eyes remained as firm as ever. 'Have you danced yetnStephen?' she asked him. Stephenntook a large swig of ale from his flagon and gave a nod. 'Aye,'nhe smiled, 'indeed I have, Mister Daniel's daughter certainly hasna way with rhythm.' Anicengrinned. 'Andnso it has been said,' she said to him, a long contented sighnescaped her and she gazed misty-eyed at the married couple dancingngently with one another in the centre of the crowd. A stray tear ofnhappiness slid down her plump cheeks. 'From the dying shoots of annold tree, shredded with despair, a blooming flower appears.' Stephenngave a weak laugh and toasted her remark, though choosing not tonelaborate. 'Ayen… indeed' he muttered. He knocked back another sip and his facenrelapsed into a grim expression as they both studied the dancing innsilence. Like the spinning figures of the people, Stephen felt hisnmind whirring with streams of indistinguishable thoughts. Happiness.nWhat was it that would make him truly smile again? Indeed he smiled,nbeamed, grinned and laughed as he looked on as people and friendsnfrom the village bore children and wed into hopeful years of bliss.nBut all that was only a mere coating of peace, smothered atop hisntortured heart. Injusticenand sheer grief stabbed at him night and day whenever his thoughtsnstrayed to the English and deep within, the same maddening hatrednrattled through him just as it had done when the English hadndestroyed all that he had loved dearest. He was restless. He wasnangry. He could not stay. Asnif from another world, he heard the distant resonance of joyfulnclapping. He gave Anice a sideways glance and saw that the merrynwoman was clapping along to a particular joyful, rapid dance. Thenwoman had her peace. It was shining on her face and dancing in herneyes. Watching her family bloom and caring for others would fulfilnany aching pains of neglect and emptiness. She did not need thenthirst to fight to be rid of her pain. 'Anice,'nStephen said quietly. He called her again as she was too immersed innclapping happily along to the song. 'Anice.' Shenturned. 'Aye Stephen?' she asked, her widely spread smile fadingnslightly as she saw Stephen's grave expression. He felt a twinge ofnguilt. He would make this short and sweet. 'Anice,nI leave for Scotland on the morrow.' 'What?' 'Incannot stay here.' Anicenstopped clapping and she stared closely at Stephen, moistening hernupper lip in thought. Finally she spoke and gave a heavy nod. 'Ifnit is what you really want,' she said to him sadly, placing an armnon his shoulders. Stephen nodded silently to her question. 'Inwill only ever feel I have done myself justice if I avenge mynfamily's deaths. I say this to only you because you are a wisenwoman and a good friend. You would understand. The Almighty pointsnhis finger over the sea.' Anice'snsolemn face nodded. She bowed her head, staring at her hands whichnwere cupped limply in her lap. 'Inunderstand entirely Stephen,' she said soberly, 'I can't stopnyou from leaving.' Eventually,nafter a few uncomfortable seconds of silence, the woman lifted hernhead and examined Stephen intently. His roguish face was illuminatednto its highest degree of detail by the blazing bonfires whichnsurrounded the ceremony; his cheerful smile, his unshaven face, hisnunkempt raven hair – everything seemed identical from when shencould remember from his youth, save his eyes. Thenblue set within them which had once been so bright had beennextinguished. All that remained were hollow, dark tunnels of cold,nblue stone. Thus, indeed she hated to comprehend it but - He wasndead. He was a dead man. And Anice knew that such eyes as his wouldnbe once again ignited, not by joy but by his lurking anger. A deep,ninternal lurking anger which had been simmering dangerously over thenyears. Only yet to be unleashed. 'Andnwho or what are you going to find in Scotland?' she said to him,npushing her dark musings aside. She raised her eyebrows at him. 'Don'tnyou worry about that; I don't think that all of Scotland is goingnto be completely agreeing to the ways of King Edward. But for me, Inneed to feel my blade cleanly slice the balls off an English bastardnbefore the Almighty can call me a hero.' 'Anhero?' 'Yup,nwell a hero just to myself, I would have fulfilled all what I wouldnhave spontaneously wanted.' 'Inbelieve God would call you a hero by simply seeking justice,' Anicensaid, arching an eyebrow, though a smirk played on her lips. It didnlikewise on Stephen. His sombre face split into a humourless,nsardonic grin. 'I know I would.' 'Ofncourse I know you would Anice McDuffie.' He clapped the portlynwoman genially on the back and she gave a snort. However Stephen'snface sank quickly back into its previous serious state. 'Justnso's you know, I imagine I will leave at first light, Anice.' Firstnlight. A pink, misty sunrise creeping over the horizon, beckoningnStephen to pursue his mission. That was what he imagined. A lastnreminder of the special beauty of his Ireland before he descendednacross the fathomless, iron sea to the ancient, subjugated countrynthat was Scotland.[Chapter 5] Author'snNote: Hurrah! Another quick update. The holidays are allowing onentime to be on the roll. Anyway, as ever, thanks to my faithfulnreviewer LazyChestnut. Pleasenenjoy and please review! ChapternFive ' Inhave a secret Stephen. I know where Logan is ... Almighty can givenyou answers. Can he? yes ... yes he can. I cannot. Look. No. Don'tnlook there. Smile for me. Will you kiss me? And wrap me in yournstrong arms? no, not there – don-t -don't do that! Don't touchnit! Ow! NO!!' Through the incoherent jumble of murmured words, anlong wailing scream coursed through the stillness of the night, asnblood began to seep across the white skin of a woman's back,nspanning over the contours of her bone like webs … a profound cutnbegan to appear, cracking itself along the spine, almost splittingnthe back in two. Itnhunched over in its agony and the person fell to their knees. Anquivering face appeared from the hilt of the shoulder; it was stainednwith blood, framed by the clumpish strands of bedraggled auburn hair,ntheir mouth flapping uselessly open in a silent scream - STEPHEN! Stephennbolted up from his bed, caked in cold sweat. He was panting hard asnif he had run a mile. Strands of his dark hair hung limply in frontnof his face and he closed his eyes, trying in vain to block out thenhorrific image from his nightmare. He heaved a shuddering sigh. 'Nonmore nightmares God,' he murmured shakily, 'not of Meghan'. Anthin strip of greenish light was seen cracking through the door. Itnwas first light. It was dawn. It was time to go. His stomach gave ansomersault of apprehension but nonetheless, he reached down andnroughly pulled on his boots and readied himself to go; it was a longntrip to the harbour. Thenjourney was long and silent. He left the village as quickly as hencould, feeling like a dead man, not waiting to see if Anice wouldnappear. Atop his bay mare, he cantered wildly over feralnsable-coloured plains and untamed hills, not taking any time tonsavour the stunning sunrise which cast its hazy pink rays upon thenearth, spreading across to every crack and fissure on Ireland'snfair ground. Henhad not stopped to find any reminder of Meghan or of Logon in the hutnbefore he left. The only precious things that now remained werenmemories of stolen kisses and the feel of her hand caressing softlynthrough his dark hair. And of Logan – woe betide him if he evernforgot his son's smiling face. He blinked back the tears. Bynthe time he reached the harbour, the sun had fully risen. He feltnlike a ghost as he moved slowly through the crowds of people thatnwere waiting to sail over. Why, he had no idea, or were they, likenhim, willing to sail over and join the Scots to fight the English? Hencared not whose side he joined, as long as he could feel his bladenbutcher the English man's flesh. The majority of the crowd werenmirror images of himself: grave faced men, laden with weapons andnbearing heavy leather tunics – very much like his own. Verynfew of them were talking. Their murmurings melded harmoniously withnthe gentle lapping of the waves of the sea against the moss smotherednrocks. He inhaled the powerful salty sea air and felt a strange surgenof strength, as if God had kindly pieced a part of his shatterednheart in place. Facing the unknown was a fulfilment he wanted tonprogress. 'Allnaboard men!' Anloud cry vaulted the air and a plank of wood was placed roughly ontonthe wooden pier. It led onto a plausibly sized boat which swayedngently in motion with the light, choppy waves. On board it was beingnsteadily prepared by sailors. As if in a dream, Stephen boarded. Hendid not look back as the rolling cliffs of Ireland steadily fadednfrom view or realise he could no longer hear the screeches ofnseagulls. Thus, the boat began its steadfast journey upon the ironnsea, battling through the rough, angry waves to Scotland. -n- - - - - - - - - - Thenchamber was lit with a dim, orangey glow. It was emitted from thenornate, steel burning brackets which surrounded the room, causing anstring of sinuous shadows to dance across the rough contours of thenstone walls. Plonked unceremoniously in the centre of the room,nstretched a long, oaken table. It was laden with a succulent leg ofnsalted pork which was encircled by a garland of golden roast potatoesnand a series of richly coloured vegetables upon silver platters. Thenscene was mouth-watering but to Meghan she felt nauseated at thensight of it. She sat at one far end of the table, bathed into thenshadows save for a sliver of orangey light across her face. Shenmaintained a stony air as she stared unseeingly around her, bitingnher lower lip. Situatednhalfway up the table was little Alden, who was immersed in arrangingnthe food on his plate and sought simple joy in spearing his runnernbeans and pretending they were horses. Directly opposite to Meghan,nsat Aldrich. The old man leant languidly back in his chair,ncarelessly holding a glass of blood red wine, but his pale eyes whichnat intervals, darted nervously at Meghan's deadpan demeanor,nbetrayed his composure from appearing at ease. All was a but andeafening silence hanging thickly in the air, only disturbed loudlynby the neighing noises from Alden as he played. 'Howndo you find the pork?' Aldrich said courteously to Meghan, in annattempt to conjure conversation. Meghannstared at her untouched pork. 'Forgivenme, but it is quite hot for my liking at the moment,' she repliedncoolly, choosing to take a sip of wine through pursed lips. 'Verynwell,' Aldrich said, laughing faintly, 'You know of my taste myndear; serve everything to me piping hot.' Meghannforced a laugh and began to cut stiffly at a roast potato. 'Inam confused why there is such a feast when it is only halfway throughnthe week,' she said, 'Sunday is usually the day I would expectnit. Normally your duties force you to retire to your study or you arenwithin the company of your men, talking of plans and subterfuges.' Aldrichnraised his gaze to look at her, and Meghan sharply met it, lookingnpolitely puzzled. The old man's lined face crinkled into a small,nuncomfortable grin. 'Sonyou have noticed,' he said, a delicate laugh audible in his tone,n'that is good … that is very good' he stroked his unshaven chinnand gave a pretend cough. His eyes flitted furtively to a guard whichnstood by the door and they both exchanged the smallest of nods.nSomething strange was going on. 'Arenyou impressed by it all?' he asked her rather bluntly. Meghannraised her eyebrows. 'Well … yes, it's certainly most … elaborated. It beats bread and chicken.' 'Indeed,'nsaid Aldrich smoothly, stroking his chin. He looked as if he wasnthinking something quickly through. 'Myndear Meghan, I have a … a proposal for you,' he said hesitantly,nfixing his eyes suddenly onto her across the table. Meghan slowlynlooked up at him, a course of fear and anticipation beginning tonpound at her heart. 'Andnwhat might that be?' she said. Therenwas a protracted silence, which was only disturbed by the animatednvoice of Alden as he pretended his potato was a soldier charging intona battle of carrots. 'In– er,' Aldrich began; feeling slightly thrown off by the suddennscrutinizing stare Meghan was giving him. He cleared his throat andnregained his composure. 'I was wondering my dear Meghan if younwould have the pleasure of becoming my wife. I can offer you a good,nsheltered life with – with nice food,' he waved a hand at thenpork, 'and money. And more importantly, because we have bore anchild,' a small laugh escaped him, 'it only sees fit that thenchurch cements our partnership as man and wife, for having a childnand not being courted is blasphemy to the God Almighty. I can thinknof no other joyous offer.' Henfinished with a deep sip of his wine, and smiled almost foolishlynover at Meghan, waiting for her reply. However,nMeghan's head was ringing, as if Aldrich had stridden from hisnchair and bellowed the words at her. One hand was paused before hernmouth which was holding a forkful of beans and slowly, she lowered itnto the table. She sat in her chair, numb with shock, with her mindntrying in vain to decipher the jumble of words he had said to her. Wifen… it only sees fit that the church cements our partnership … wenbared a child … not being courted is blasphemy to God … Wife … Beforenshe could stop it, the smiling face of Stephen slowly swam to view innher mind's eye. He was dressed in his nuptial raiment, his ravennhair glinting chestnut brown by the glorious sunlight shining fromnthe hills. Slowly, his hands reached out and softly kissed her face. Keepnsmiling and the sun will always shine on me. I love you ... their wedding. The memory now seemed ghostly and forbidden to dwellnupon, lest she crumble and feel the slither of tremulous tears downnher cheeks. There was a loud cough, and Meghan plunged out of hernreverie, Stephen's face now materialising into Aldrich's wizenednone, the brutal reality closing in around her. He eyed her closelynfrom across the table, a half-smile crooking his lips. 'Younare stunned,' he said to her. Numbly,nMeghan gave a nod. 'Yes,'nMeghan replied weakly, forcing a laugh, 'you caught me off mynguard.' 'Wellnwhat say you?' 'In–' Meghan faltered as she felt a wave of sickness sweep throughnher as she felt Aldrich watch her intently. What a disgustingnquestion to ask of her consent. Did he take her for a fool?nObviously, her answer mattered not! The marriage was most definitelynarranged. She was and had been, kept under Aldrich's authority andncontrol for four, long excruciating years. Only now it had reachednits sharpest and most formidable peak. She could not acknowledge it. 'Ooof!nGoodness me, my head is spinning from this immense proposal you havenstated,' she heaved a long, embroidered sigh, placing a hand uponnher chest, pretending to feel faint, 'indeed my head feels lightnand giddy with wonder,' she laughed weakly, 'forgive me, but angirl can only take so much in, in one night. Will you let me sleep,nso in the morning I can give one a bolder answer?' -n- - - - - Andnso ... CUT. You'll just have to wait for chapter six to find outnwhat Aldrich's reaction is going to be.[Chapter 6] Author's Note: : ooo it's getting exciting (he he), I spent a night doing 'A Braveheart Therapy Session', much to my own amusement – Thank you LazyChestnut for pointing out my spelling mistake and for the review. Hope you all enjoy this next installment. Reviews greatly appreciated! Be constructive! Chapter Six Aldrich surveyed Meghan pointedly from across the table, as a prolonged silence ensued heavily from her query. The old man sensed the uncertainty beneath her feigned daintiness; it was evident she was extremely taken aback. I will not have her swoon, he mused darkly, let's not press any concerns . Meghan held his gaze from across the table, smiling blandly and nervously waiting for his answer. 'Indeed,' Aldrich said slickly, idly curling a tress of grey hair, 'I understand that this question … for you - you will need to come to terms with,' he chuckled lightly, 'marriage is – is a duty when one has ones child-.' '- May I be excused?' asked Meghan politely as she could, though she cleanly cut across him. Aldrich blinked from being interrupted and he felt his guard stir restlessly beside the door. 'You do not want … desert? No?' 'No thank you,' smiled Meghan, 'but the meal has been … er … delightful. Goodnight.' She gently rose from her seat, forcing herself to give Alden's head an affectionate pat, in order to cement the convincing show of her newly gracious manner. She continued to walk with a painful, swift elegance past Aldrich, and out of the room. When finally she had shut the door smartly behind her, she broke into a frenzied half-run down the corridor. Frantically, she ushered herself into her quarters, and sank back into the wooden door, breathing deeply. 'Right, let me mull over what has been said,' she told herself sternly, not caring if she sounded slightly mad. She swept from the door and strode over to the window and pressed her face firmly onto the ice, cold glass. She savoured the prickling, numbing feeling which had arisen in her skin. 'If only to numb my wits,' she breathed. A cloud of vapour appeared on the window. She withdrew her face slowly and with a finger traced her name into the condensation. She stared at it dumbly for a few seconds until a harsh laugh escaped her. 'Marriage …' she emphasised the word with drawling contempt, , '… to him '. Her voice rang dully off the walls. 'Bastard! What news! … and yet I can't even dwell upon it!' She gave yet another laugh, very much unlike her own and she collapsed heavily onto her wooden bed. 'Let me acknowledge its weightiness ,' she spoke quietly, a humourless smirk tilting her mouth. She stared fixedly at the many cobwebs spanning the oaken beams, 'God? You up there? Why God, is it that you have allowed this formidable event to occur and yet I am not huddled in a corner, sobbing my heart out and – and considering a possible suicide?' She sprang up from the bed with alarming quickness and stared wide-eyed at the ceiling, a finger pointing sharply into the corners of her eyes. 'Look God! No tears! Dry as a bone. What are you doing to me? Why am I speaking to you aloud and to myself like a madwoman? 'You read my heart as easily as a book, you know of my wishes and my desires and you let this happen? You have let this happen …' she abruptly looked down and her unblinking gaze caught sight of the hills of Ireland outside her window. A blessed view it was. Indeed, she felt unhappy, adrift with a senseless languor, but yet the proposition was too dreadful for her too accept; far too awful. Her first thought had been an endless scream of \"whaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaat?\" inside her head, but from then on, her thoughts had been an indecipherable whir of solutions on how to avoid the marriage. Thus, it had rendered her state to be light-headed with shock. Vaguely, she drifted to her bed and sank into the sheets, feeling her eyelids droop with weariness. Sleep consumed her. Yet unbeknownst to Meghan, a pair of eyes had been watching her every move. The door to her room slowly shut itself and the dark outline of a figure lifted its hand off the brass door knob and started off at a careful pace down the stone flagged floored corridors, disappearing around a corner with a flick of their cloak. - - - - - - - - - - - - It was as if she had concocted the plan in her sleep. It had been a restless night; ideas and notions scampering in and out of her head like mice but now Meghan vaguely knew of what she had to do. The notion frightened her but if she had enough patience and daring, she might succeed. She arose from the bed, and as she swept to the door, she caught sight of a tuft of auburn hair, poking from the cot across the room. Alden was sleeping. Should she wake him? Nay, let a nurse tend to that – for once. She then headed towards the dressing rooms; she bathed and got changed into a maid's outfit. She then proceeded toward the stables. The raw September morning pierced her skin as she stepped outside. The sky was a sheet of steel, carpeted by a looming mass of grey cloud. The sunlight filtered weakly through it, casting its pearly rays onto Meghan's hair. She could feel the English soldier's head's turn as she hurried across the courtyard. Lumps of mud stuck out everywhere and she lifted her skirt to not dirty it. Too late. Too immersed in his preoccupation, she did not notice the plank of wood, plonked unceremoniously before her and with a frightened yelp; she tripped, falling headlong into the filthy ground. Cheeks aflame and her form shaking with mortification, Meghan staggered from the ground to the jeering catcalls from nearby men. Avoiding to look around her, she brushed herself best she could, and promptly turned on her heel and finally entered the stables. She released a sigh of exhaustion; the place was blissfully quiet, airy and light, and smelt strongly of hay and horse excretion. Yet all rough sounds of men's voices were dulled by the thick oaken walls. 'Kerri,' she mumbled, 'Kerri, it's me.' She wandered to the end of the stable and came face to face with a bay mare. 'Hello beautiful,' Meghan cooed, stroking the gelding's nuzzle. Of all the discontent Aldrich had grated onto her life, he had at least allowed her to have her own steed. The mare's original rider had been killed in battle and so, Aldrich had given it to Meghan as a present when she conceived their son. Many of his men had scowled at this gesture, but Meghan had got used to the fact she was in their eyes, \"their Lord's whore.\" Undoubtedly, the horse was the only creature which did not leer or flinch at the sight of her, giving her a morsel of peace she had been stripped of for four years. 'We're going to go riding; this might just be my only chance of escape so we must make haste.' It seemed the horse recognised the desperation in Meghan's voice and immediately it trotted obediently out of its stable as she held onto its reigns. 'Let's just get you your saddle …' she spoke to the horse if it was a child, her voice transcending into a rare gentle and affectionate tone. Carefully, Meghan adjusted the saddle upon Kerri's back, measuring the length of the stirrups. She hummed tunelessly to herself when suddenly she heard a creak. The hasty flapping of bird's wings from the roof of the stables indicated a disturbance was stirring behind the door. 'Hello?' she enquired, one hand poised upon the saddle. The wooden door swung violently from the force of a powerful kick and Meghan gave a sharp squeal, backing away from the saddle, 'I've been told you were down here,' said a voice. It was Latham. He grinned strode casually into the hut, grinning at her startled state. 'Latham!' exclaimed Meghan crossly, placing her from her chest onto her hip, 'What the fuck was that for?' 'Language miss,' he said sternly, though his body quaked with suppressed mirth, 'tis not befitting that such a word be tongued by a woman,' he smiled blandly, flicking away a lock of his blond hair behind his ears, 'I was told you were down here. Yet it looks like you brought the whole of the courtyard in with you.' His eyes listlessly examined the smatters of dirt streaked upon Meghan's maid outfit. 'I tripped,' muttered Meghan, continuing in tightening the reigns, 'and I was laughed at, if you must know,' she heard Latham utter a sharp chuckle, 'who told you I was here?' 'The men of course,' said Latham, tilting an eyebrow, 'your presence to the stables had not gone unnoticed.' 'Clearly,' murmured Meghan darkly. She desperately wanted him to leave. Latham strode over to her, his portly belly poking visibly from under his tunic. 'And where do you think you're going hmm?' His brown eyes observed the readied horse. 'Well – I am going to go riding.' 'Is that so?\" 'Yes …' Meghan said furtively, her cheeks burning. She knew what he was going to say; he would have to come with her. 'Lord Aldrich is still awaiting your answer, from last night.' Meghan swallowed hard, feeling heat beginning to prick at her eyes. So the news of the proposition had spread around the garrison like wildfire. Most probably of divulged the information from the influence of a few ales. 'You know do you?' she said. 'Everyone does,' Latham said sleekly, 'yet what say you? Aldrich awaits you.' 'You can tell your Lord that I desire half the day off, so that I can have some fresh air,' Meghan snivelled, daring to be as cheeky as she could, 'can he not give a woman some peace?' Latham coursed a hand distractedly through his blond hair. 'I daresay,' he said, 'I quite agree,' he paused, 'will you let me accompany you?' Meghan looked at him in slight surprise and Latham gave a shy yet almost hopeful smile, which momentarily softened the austere lines engraved into his face. Here the Englishman stood, an English soldier, a breed she had only ever seen rip her life apart. She neither liked nor disliked Latham, the man was decent to her enough yet she always felt like a cringing dog when they were in public, like she did with all the English soldiers. So he wanted to accompany her? How could she avoid this? She couldn't. 'Why not,' she said, smiling sweetly. Her mind began to whir wildly with panic. Latham wandered over to a stable on his right and brought out a black stallion. then as he secured a saddle upon its back; they lead their steeds out of the stable and trotted slowly out of the garrison. - - - - - - - - - - - - - 'Where is it you intend to go?' asked Latham as they proceeded through a huge mountain pass which was smattered with tumbling rocks. The morning sunlight pierced through the clouds, warming their necks. Meghan bowed her head and avoided his glance. He sensed her unease. What the hell is up with you woman? 'Where?' he repeated sternly, staring at Meghan's back. She forced a wet sniff and lifted her head. Latham blinked in surprise at the tears in Meghan's eyes. 'I – I you must understand this,' she said quietly, expanding her eyes to appear forlorn, 'today is the day my son was killed and so I must pay tribute to his memory. I have not had the chance over the years – the night my life was stolen.' Her lower lip trembled and pretended her body to be consumed by a wave of sadness, burying her face in her hands and sobbing loudly. Latham observed her awkwardly, at a loss at what to do. 'I – I,' he said, fiddling with his reign distractedly, 'well of course –' He had not been ready for this notion from her. Through Meghan's feigned grief, she saw to her gladness that he was convinced. 'It is only a small, stand-alone grave,' she said thickly, wiping away the tears she had forced down her cheeks, 'it's – it's just up here … ' she pointed weakly into the distance, staring fixedly at Latham. He looked away; I will say yes, just wipe your eyes woman. He gave a nod, ignoring Meghan's appreciative watery smile. She slowly dismounted, and walked on ahead of her. Her heart was shaking with nerves, pounding at her head like war drums. Any minute now … any minute now … it had to be now … she could here the tell-tale drumming of his horse's hooves behind her as he followed … she heard him dismount and the CHINK CHINK CHINK of his chain mail across the ground. She paused. Slowly, ever so slowly she retrieved a hammer from the sleeve of her dress. It felt cold and cruel against the bare flesh of her arm. He was now standing right behind her, most probably looking curiously around, a frown curving his brow. Yet could he hear her breathing coming in short ragged rasps? Could he sense the nervous flush begin to crawl up her neck? Could he see her chest begin to heave rapidly with fervent anticipation? Do it now … a voice screamed, what are you waiting for? She clenched one tiny fist over the cold handle and she turned and firmly battered hard him the face. The action was so unexpected that Latham could not prevent the blow. Meghan watched in horror as the man's eyes rolled into his head and sink to his knees. Defeated. He fell heavily to the floor, blood seeping from his head and trickling onto the ground. Oh God … what have I done? Meghan observed him numbly for a moment, before her legs began to tremble. The hammer fell limply from her grasp. This was her chance. Without another word and in a daze of adrenaline she staggered over to Kerri. She clumsily mounted the horse and galloped ahead of her. She did not look back. Her mind only coursed with one instruction – to reach her village. She was not far now. She knew the landmarks. She would be home soon.[Chapter 7] Author'snNote : andnso I present to you chapter seven. - I will confess this one isnprobably my favourite so far. Forgive me if it is shorter than thenother's but I had to leave it on this cliff-hanger. A big thanksnonce again to LazyChestnut and her reviews – yes I did repost thenlast chapter, it just needed some fine editing. Pleasenreview and be constructive! ChapternSeven \" Inwish I was on yonder hill 'Tis there I'd sit and cry my fill, Andnevery tear would turn a mill, Iss guh day thoo avorneen slawn\" Ansmall boat steadily crawled itself across the sea, was alit with thenrowdy voices of sailors and a few of its passengers. They groupednthemselves upon the deck, swinging on poles and on each other,nmeandering about holding onto bottles of liqueur. Stephen sat soberlynupon a bench, vaguely watching them. He smiled slightly as one of thensailors was tripped up by his friend and fell comically to the floor,nto much laughter from the others. Sodsnaren't they God … henmused humorously, ifnI had not been sleeping on swaying wooden beams and in rooms thatnstench of vomit, I would have joined them gladly, alas the veil sleepnconsumes me. It has been a lonely voyage. Therenwas a wet sniff beside him. Stephen looked to his left and saw ansmall boy, no younger than eight watching the drunken gathering innapprehension. 'What's the matter my little fellow?' askednStephen. The young boy jumped at being spoken too and starednwide-eyed at Stephen who smiled gently. 'Nonneed to be afraid lad,' he said, 'what's your name?' 'T-nThomas,' he mumbled shyly, casting the drunken group another warynglance. 'A fine name is that,' smiled Stephen, patting the boy onnthe shoulder, 'now what's bothering you? I don't see younsmiling.' 'What'snDa doing?' he asked, pointing timidly at the men, clearly hisnfather was one of them; 'he's all – loud and rolling about likena madman.' Stephennchuckled. 'They are only having a good time is all,' he said,n'don't let it worry you.' Thomas looked up at Stephen and gavena weak smile. 'Inwon't, Da says that when we get to Scotland we're going to have annew start and chop Englandmen and that he's going to get himself annew Ma.' 'Didnhe now?' said Stephen, raising his eyebrows in interest. 'Yup,'nsaid Thomas sprightly, 'I want a new Ma, I miss the old one. Shenwas killed by Englandmen but Da say's she with the angels now. Donyou have a Ma?' Thomas'nconfidence had grown and was now happily talking about all of hisnlife, just like any child would. For all his childlike innocence withnthe question he asked Stephen, he could not help suppress a sadnchuckle. 'My Ma has gone too,' Stephen replied, 'a fine,nbeautiful woman she was, just like all of the Irish ladies. I betnyour Ma was just as fair.' 'Shenwas,' nodded Thomas ardently, almost hopping about on the spot,nsmiling widely, 'and is your Ma with the angels too? Up, up, up innthe sky?' 'Yesnmy laddie,' Stephen replied, looking up into the pearly whitenclouds ahead, 'she is.' -n- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - Meghanntore up a familiar hillside pass she had not seen in years. Hernstomach was in knots and he throat constricting with apprehension. Nearlynthere … nearly there … after an hour of riding, hell this mustnhave been worth it! … shenput her horse through all it's paces, galloping fiercely acrossngrassy plains and through snaking streams, ridenyou beast … ride … Anfamiliar hill poked out in the distance. Her heart leapt. Hewn intonthat hill was the small village where she had once lived. With hernStephen and their son. Their own family. She neither knew nor carednwhat she might find … just any familiar face from the days when shenwas a happy, complete woman. Only that would fulfill her aching needsnand make the throbbing gallop worthwhile. 'Almostnthere girl … almost' Shenmumbled incoherently under her breath as she rode onwards. Was that ansmall hut she saw protruding from behind a rock? Oh why must hernheart twang so viciously with nerves against her chest? What with?nFear? Anticipation? Excitement? Joy? All of the emotions werencompressed tightly together, knotted so fiercely that it seemed tondrive her insane. She shook her head, trying to clear her mind andnunmistakably, she saw the sight of a small village materialize aheadnof her. She was back. Meghannslowed the pace of Kerri and began to canter slowly forwards. Thenpassage into the village was still the same, the small muddy roadnstill intact … and what was that she saw stirring outside of a hut?nA person! The place had not been neglected. A relieved smile knittednitself upon her face and Meghan lessened Kerri's speed into angradual, measured trot. Thenpassage opened its arms for her as Meghan rode through. Everywherenwas undamaged. The villagers had obviously rebuilt and moved on afternthe attack. Oh bless them Lord, bless them! Meghan knew the only onenplace where she was headed. She dismounted, and ran at breaknecknspeed towards her own hut. It was only fifty meters away … 'Hello!nHello?' she cried, as she ran on ahead, 'HELLO!' she cared notnshe sounded mad. She needed to be noticed. 'HELLO! CONNOR? Anyone?n… Stephen! Stephen!' 'Whatnthe hell do you think you're doing missy, making an incessantnracket around here? Get back to your hut and work!' Anportly, grey- eyed woman, stormed out of her hut, carrying a basketnof furs. When she entered outside to see the source of disturbance,nand saw Meghan wandering aimlessly around, the basket fell limplynfrom her grasp in utter shock. Anice's jaw dropped, her eyesnexpanded and the woman sank weakly to her knees. 'Goodnheavens!' she gasped, tears beginning to roll down her plumpncheeks, 'g – good heavens!' Meghannspotted Anice and dashed over, her body trembling. 'Anice,' shensaid weakly, 'Anice McDuffie.' Anice nodded dumbly, her fingersntracing down her face in astonishment. She could not believe this …nnot in all her days … her voice; the lass' voice was as clear andnas real as it sounded four years ago. Meghan knelt beside the sobbingnwoman, and draped a comforting arm over her body. 'Ayenit's me,' she said calmly, 'I'm back.' 'Ohnmy dear,' Anice said tremulously, 'you don't know of the eventsnbeing done since you've been gone. We all thought you were dead. Wenwere so convinced.' Meghannlooked at the woman's tearstained face, it was all true. 'Thennyou must tell me then,' she said, 'for even my story is eventfulnto tell from over these years. It has not been easy my friend,nwithout him – but he rests now in the arms of the Almighty.' Freshntears began to seep from under Meghan's eyelids and she could notnsuppress the moan of agony that escaped her. 'I have not had thentime to mourn for him,' Meghan sobbed, 'my years have been fillednonly with a suffocating darkness with more unhappy tidings. I havenbeen robbed from the ability to move on! My son, my Stephen …' Anicenswallowed hard and another ocean of tears leaked down the corners ofnher wrinkled eyes as Meghan said this. The woman shook her head. Andnwhat was this? A – a – a smile? Unmistakably,na ghost of a smile flickered briefly on Anice's face. But whatnpained the woman more was that the uniting of the dear couple hadnbeen too late. Oh how she had wished to have been there if Stephennhad seen Meghan running into the village, yelling his name. 'Meghan,'nAnice choked, wiping away a tear, 'there's something you shouldnknow.' 'Andnwhat is that?' Thenwoman smiled sadly. 'Stephen isn't dead, he's alive.'[Chapter 8] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Ah here we have chapter eight. Goodness I am such a cruel author aren't I? (lol) Well where would the excitement be in the story? A big thanks to LazyChestnut and her great reviews, and so as a thankyou for her taking the time to read my fanfiction, this chapter is dedicated to her ) Hope you enjoy the chapter everyone. Please review ) Chapter Eight \"Reality bites back\" 'W - What?' The word dropped limply from Meghan's mouth. She stared hard at Anice, unable to comprehend what she had just heard. Was this some sort of cruel joke? She was not a fool. She would not easily believe anything anymore, Four years spent with Aldrich had turned her positively cynical. Yet … it couldn't be a joke; Anice was not the type of person to jest in matters in such as this. But … what, what, what … words simply failed her! Her heart began to drum wildly with anticipation. 'He lives,' said Anice, the corners of her mouth pulling into a faint, sad smile, 'he never died during the attack.' She gave a watery chuckle and pulled Meghan closer to her, as she sensed the lass' emotions build up inside. Meghan sank into Anice, clutching her tightly, and she gave a loud, overwhelmed sob into the woman's motherly shoulders. Her body began to quake with a besieged flurry of tears. Writhing storms of emotions shot through her. Anger. A fresh, bubbling anger grew as the news gradually sank in, Aldrich, the lying, conniving, insolent son of a - He knew! HE KNEW! And he never told her! How could the man sit at the table and look her in the eye? He disgusted her. The man deserved a racking in hell.Yet, cracking through Meghan's fury, a more hushed and stronger emotion sprouted, a feeling of a silent, radiant joy she thought she would never feel. It was if the angels had blasted their heavenly trumpets and were serenading her soul. All of her wildest hopes had come true. He lived. 'I can't think that at all,' Meghan said, her voice muffled from being compressed into Anice's shoulder. She withdrew, 'if I only I had heard these blessed words four years ago. Are you sure what you say is true?' Anice nodded, 'I would not lie. Let's … get you into the hut and I shall explain everything.' With a finger, she wiped away another tear from Meghan's face, who numbly nodded her assent. Both women then stood up slowly, and proceeded into Anice's hut. - - - - - - - - - - - - - 'Shoo!' A terrier which had been curled up on a chair started in surprise. To avoid the impatient flapping of Anice's hands, it grudgingly settled itself in a vacant corner, suspiciously eyeing the newcomer entering the hut. 'Here …' said Anice, offering the chair. Meghan sat down dazedly, casting the empty hut a glance. 'Where is Connor?' she said, looking up at Anice but she thought she already knew the answer. Anice smiled thinly. 'He is dead,' she replied bluntly, 'perished three winters ago from a fever due to an infected wound.' The silence of the hut pressed in on Meghan's ears. It was deafening. How could she cope? Where was the laughter and voices of her daughters? Surely not … 'Brianna and little Colleen are with their father in heaven,' said Anice shortly, who was watching Meghan closely. Meghan gasped and her eyes widened. 'Oh Anice, I am so sorry – your whole fa –' '– it's not a problem,' Anice's grey eyes flashed, 'Ciara, my niece was married five days ago and is said to be with child. I have the company of Brae over there,' she waved a hand at the terrier which pricked up its ears from the call of its name, 'but we must talk of you.' Meghan swallowed and stared at her lap, wringing her hands. 'In your own time,' said Anice kindly. Meghan heaved a breath and slowly, pushed away the stabbing doubt which was forcing her to not narrate back to the time of the attack. 'From what I can remember the last time I ever saw Stephen, was when he was surrounded by the soldiers,' she began steadily 'But whether by delusion of fear and of nightmares over the years, I believed him to be dead. I remember being hit – then carried. The rest is blackness. I was taken to the garrison that controls the handful of villages around this area, as a \"prize \"to the noble: Lord Aldrich' … And so Meghan plunged into the telling of the hidden, dark years she had ploughed through. It was tough to relive it all, but Anice needed to know and Meghan wanted to be rid of the buried hurt inside. She was mightily thankful that Anice did not shower her with gasps or smother her back with sympathetic pats, as she retold the story. Merely, Anice's expressive grey eyes widened in the right places, especially when Meghan told how she was forced to conceive a son, and how she could not grow to love the child, just like she could not love herself – she felt dirtied and ashamed. She spoke of how she was confined into the garrison, being tailed closely like a dog whether she chose to venture outside it. And when she was not in the hills, stalked closely by Latham she would be flung under the watchful eye of Aldrich in the castle, especially at mealtimes. 'How did you escape?' Meghan gulped and a wave of guilt swept through her. 'I allowed Latham to follow me on the way here,' Meghan said quietly, squinting at a chair leg, 'riding out of the garrison alone would be suspicious. I pretended to be upset. I dismounted. He followed. I battered him with a hammer, whether he is dead or not I wouldn't know. But then that was my chance to escape, so I did.' There was a pause where Anice simply looked at Meghan. She slowly reached forwards and embraced her, allowing the young woman to sink into her arms and release her emotions. She felt the vibration of suppressed sobs against her neck. 'Let the tears come my dear,' she whispered, slowly stroking her auburn hair with her weathered hands, 'I will tell you of Stephen. He survived the attack with the soldiers and he saw you being taken away. Connor said he had never seen him run so fast up the hill but it was too late to reach you. He returned back to the village and he – he buried your son.' Meghan gave a light moan and withdrew from Anice, listening raptly to every detail. The funeral was short but sweet. I will not lie; Stephen found it hard to cope. He became a recluse, missing you dearly every day. It became worse when Connor died. Only five days ago I forced him to come to the first happy event in years, my niece's wedding. He came, he smiled and he danced but he was not complete.' 'Where is he now?' Meghan asked, her voice shaking. Anice bowed sadly. 'He is sailing over to Scotland as we speak to fight the English. I know not what he will find there, except savouring the devil's pleasure of feeling his blade butcher English flesh.' 'When did he leave?' 'Four days ago.' 'Only four days!' Meghan exclaimed, standing up suddenly from her chair, causing Anice to jolt with surprise. The Lord was laughing at her. By a mere couple of days they would have been united. Four hell damned bloody days! The curses wildly span around Meghan's head. It had been so close. Anice said nothing but calmly indicated for Meghan to sit. 'I'm going to find him,' said Meghan defiantly, 'he has only left the harbour for only a few days so if we took a boat now, we would be able to catch up with him!' She realised her body was trembling with anticipation but also noted how childish she sounded. Dammnit Meghan you can't just hop onto a boat … her eyes flew up and saw a faint smirk twisted upon Anice's face but the woman's eyes were kind. She understood Meghan's zeal. 'Before you do anything,' alleged Anice gravely, 'there is something you ought to see.' - - - - - - - - 'Such a neat grave,' stated Anice quietly. A whistling wind blew. Both women stood thickly cloaked on top of a dewy hill, at the foot of a small grave. It was tidily garlanded by diminutive stones, each carefully chosen to be indentical in their size. Flowers, some withered, had been strewn respectfully across it from passers by. Out of the dishevelled grass, a stone cross protruded up at the end. A weathered Celtic pattern had been engraved into it, and beneath the weathered swirls Meghan could just about dissect a small \"L\" scratched roughly into its gnarled surface. Stephen's work, she mused. Meghan slipped her hand out of Anice's and knelt beside the grave, thoughtfully caressing the stone cross' cold, rough surface. Below the hard, cold ground lay her son. Logan. Wrapped hopefully in the warmth of his burial bonds. There would be no mother to be able tuck him in at night, to ensure him a comfortable sleep. Oh Stephen … why did you have to do this alone … your own son …? Tears silently slid down Meghan's face. Sleep tight Logan, someday we shall be united. Keep on dreaming my little soldier … keep on dreaming … Meghan rose, and feeling like a dead woman herself, walked numbly over to Anice who scooped Meghan's hands in hers, rubbing them roughly to keep them warm. A motherly gesture Meghan thought, the woman had been used to doing the habit with her own daughters before their deaths. However in the peace of this moment, just as Meghan was about to smile appreciatively, the uneven thumping of footsteps was heard. Someone was approaching up the hill. Anice did not seem too perturbed … maybe it was just a villager. Meghan tried to relax when suddenly her ears snatched onto a familiar stern voice. 'Hello Meghan, I thought I might find you here.' Meghan felt the blood drain from her face. She glanced nervously at Anice and saw that the woman was looking confusedly past her shoulder. Slowly, Meghan wheeled round, bracing herself for the blow to fall. Breathing and inevitably in one piece, Latham stood before her. As if screaming its appearance, Meghan saw the angry welt of a red, purplish bruise protruding from his skin, it was clotted with blood. His brown eyes remained unreadable as he gazed at Meghan; no fathom of emotion was traced into his character, 'What's the matter? Cat got your tongue?' 'You're an Englishman,' Anice piped up sharply, her forehead crumpling in confusion, 'what do you want with Meghan?' she wrapped an arm, almost protectively around Meghan's waist. Meghan felt her cheeks begin to burn and determinedly avoided looking at Latham. She was ready for the moment when he would begin to yell at her. 'Yes madam I am an Englishmen,' said Latham briskly, scraping back his hair from his eyes, 'and I have known Meghan here for quite a while.' 'You matter not to her – ' '– what are you doing here, Latham?' Meghan finally mumbled, cutting across Anice. 'I will speak plain, considering you battered me earlier I knew the reason it would be was to return here. Your village.' 'Clever man,' said Anice snidely, crossing her arms. Latham ignored her. 'You will have to return to the garrison, Meghan. I am here to escort you. I will not say that it was you who struck me.' Meghan's jaw dropped and she mouthed wordlessly at Latham. No … no .. 'Over my daughter's dead bodies are you removing her from her home!' spat Anice. 'And then have every village burned down because his Lordship has noticed she has disappeared? You think him blind of your intentions … runaway bride? It gives the impression that I have allowed such a scandal – and we can't have that' shouted Latham fiercely, his large chest puffing out in his outburst, 'she has been offered the consummation of marriage! She must return. She bore the Lord Aldrich's child so she must wed. He is a noble held in great esteem of King Edward and he will not be denied. ' 'Is what you speak of true?' said Meghan quietly, 'that villages will be burned?' 'Yes,' replied Latham. Meghan paled and she felt her insides throb with fear and anger. After finding out the joyous news that Stephen was alive, she was now being forced back into the gates of her hell once more. But was it really worth the price of lots innocent lives? Jesus! Why did her being have to be such a mighty significance? Why?! It bitterly, severely, viciously frustrated her but she knew Latham did not mince his words, she knew of what the English were capable of – the meaningless attack on her village four years ago. The decision was hellish and spitefully cruel, just when a glimmer of hope had started to appear. Her Stephen was alive for Godsake! She bit her lip and stared long and hard at her son's grave. She could not simply see nor live with the blame if another stretch of land was to be laden with other children's corpses. 'Right,' said Meghan, her voice trembling, 'I will go. But I am not doing this to be brave; it is because I will not have a meaningless slaughter on my behalf because I refused to go back to a place of so much fucking blackness.' She heard Anice give a sharp intake of breath behind her. 'Meghan …no … you can just say no and then you can go after him –' '- I don't – don't say that!' she snapped, not able to look at the tears that had sprung in Anice's eyes, it stabbed at her soul like an icy knife, 'there's no other way.' 'Quite right,' said Latham, 'I certainly don't want to see another massacre.' 'You have no pity do you?' said Anice fiercely, her grey eyes slits of fury, 'you were one of those soldiers that went into our homes and killed our son's and daughters. Well I hope your soul perishes to hell when you di- ' 'Anice!' Meghan interrupted, slightly startled by her friend's angry emotional outburst. The woman silenced but she glared hatefully up at Latham whose austere face momentarily flickered. 'I am sorry for your loss,' said Latham, he then turned to Meghan, 'come. We must go.'[Chapter 9] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Ah so finally here is chapter nine, I can't imagine spending so long on a chapter before, but I'm generally proud of this one, a lot of interesting stuff occurs, I promise you (Y). I have not updated as quicker as I thought because I'm back at college ¬¬ But I will continue to update . Anybob, hope everyone enjoys the chapter, please review and I shall continue onto chapter ten! – E.S Warning: this chapter contains some explicit sexual references and scenes of a violent, upsetting nature. Chapter Nine \"The Breaking of Banks\" A reserved stony company they were, as Latham and Meghan sat atop their steeds as they proceeded back to the garrison. Glances were clandestine and conversation stale and to contribute to the dreary ambience, the iron-grey clouds which had brewed threateningly that morning, had converged themselves into one large, dark, ominous mass. Already, Meghan could the cold sting of stray raindrops beginning to fall upon her face. 'You come quietly,' said Latham, his eyes flicking to Meghan's surly form. 'Don't patronise me,' Meghan said shortly, her temper beginning to simmer dangerously, 'you know have no idea, do you? What it is like to lose someone and then learn that they are in fact … alive .' Latham withdrew a sigh and an overwrought silence descended between them. At this, Meghan uttered a snort of laughter; his listless manner deeply infuriated her, which triggered a violent spark of guttural disbelief: how could he act in such a way? 'Of course you wouldn't would you, you do already do the \"losing\" with that sword of yours,' Meghan laughed coldly, her temper flaring beyond control, 'tell me, does it satisfy your needs when you feel its blade collide with a little' boy's skull, hmm? Does it make you grin when you feel his small skull begin to shatter from upon the impact and blood begins to –' '- Enough!' Latham bellowed, and Meghan was faintly startled to see the crevassed contours of his face whiten, 'hold your tongue, insolent woman. I am not a sadist!' Meghan abruptly fell silent. As much as she hated to admit it, she knew Latham spoke a fragment of truth. By the look in his eyes she knew he was carefully reading her thoughts. 'Sorry,' she mumbled, tightening her grasp on the reign. Her anger flickered and died and she numbly eyed the damp, clumpish strands of hair upon her horse's mane. Her muscles had relapsed languidly from their potent surge of use, but more so, nothing significant whirred in the cogs of her mind, save the gutturally annoying image of her being sitting serenely in a little fishing boat in the middle of a sea, heading to Scotland. 'You must understand that you have to return. I cannot afford to have my position blamed for you escaping, as that is what it looks like.' Latham gave a haughty sniff, wrinkling his rather round nose and Meghan heaved a sigh, choosing not to speak no more. - - - - - - - - - - - - Leather was an unpleasant thing to wear, especially in the rain. It stunk, it thickened, and it mildewed. Yet most unpleasant of all, it clung to the body in a clammy embrace, like the chill grasp of a drowned carcass. Stephen shivered. Damn his leather tunic. Scotland's weather had frowned upon him as soon as he stepped onto the land. Cursed dark clouds billowed ahead, helming the top of what seemed the horizon of a set of majestic mountains. But the vision was clouded by the opaque thrashing of the pelting rain. The men mumbled around him, as they retrieved weapons and waited for their friends to disembark the vessel which now flayed to the parry of the churning waves of the rocky pier. 'I love the thunder!' exclaimed a cheery voice over the hammering rain, 'looks like them clouds are going to throw lightening bolts!' Stephen looked down and saw the little boy Thomas grinning widely up at the sky. Rather than the boy appearing he had sailed to Scotland, it now looked as if he had determinedly swam there himself. 'Yup, it would be the Almighty himself sending us his welcome,' replied Stephen, grinning too. Thomas snorted. ' Welcome? More like he's got the lightening in the wrong place – send them off down to London and all the Englandmen and thrust them up their - .' ' – ears lad, ears,' Stephen said laughing. Even though the lad was not his own, he was a man that discouraged the frequent use of profanities before youngsters. 'Yes ears …' replied Thomas, cottoning onto why Stephen had interrupted him. An impish smile curved the small lad's face. Stephen made to laugh but his ears had suddenly snatched onto a conversation being uttered behind him. 'Scottish rebellion you say? Goodness.' 'Aye – a group of highlanders I heard – being lead by a tall man named Wilbert Watkins -' 'Don't you mean \"William\", father? Dear me.' 'Oh aye – aye so they be not far from here, perhaps a few leagues …' 'What are you suggesting?' 'Well we came here to fight Sean, isn't that obvious?' 'Fuck's sake, are you saying we just go andfind this rebellion –' 'Of course lad! Use your fucking noggin!' 'Language please, little ears in the vicinity.' That ought to grab their attention Father, thought Stephen, concealing a grin.The two men which had been speaking turned abruptly and saw Stephen standing before them. One was a gangling, youth with dark, beady eyes and a shock of white-blonde hair, which was cut into a severe lopsided trim. Standing beside him was unmistakably his father, employing similar facial looks and lanky physique (though slightly gone to seed). His hair was twisted in an untidy array of flyaway curls, which was intertwined into long, hasty braids. They hung piteously from his hair, barbarically reminding Stephen forcibly of hacked dog tails. They both surveyed Stephen in annoyance. 'I beg your pardon?' croaked the old man, raising a grizzled eyebrow. 'Little ears,' repeated Stephen grinning slightly as he, pushed Thomas forwards from beside him. Immediately the men burst into a throe of barking laughter. Stephen raised his eyebrows in surprise. 'Little ears eh?' growled the old man, glaring at Thomas, 'wondered where the fuck you'd got to Thomas, what you been doing all this time?' Thomas hopped happily over to the old man and gave him a hug around his middle. 'Been talking is all,' he said sprightly, 'this man here – he's come to Scotland to come fight –' '- Alright lad enough chit-chattering, so –' the old man surveyed Stephen critically, as did the youth, 'you come to fight as well?' 'Yup, don't mean to sound rude but you speak of a rebellion? Perfect!' ' Perfect?' piped up the youth incredulously. 'Shut up boy,' reprimanded the old man fiercely, cuffing him over the head. Thomas burst into a fit of giggles, swinging on the cuff of Sean's sleeve, 'Indeed,' grinned Stephen, 'in fact the Almighty himself pushed his finger over my body and brought me over the ocean here himself!' a spark of a joyous intrigue shot through Stephen, ( maybe from the lightening bolts, he mused crazily. The comical image of him skimming over the tossing waves of a sea being pushed along by a giant finger flitted through his mind's eye) he lifted his head to the sky and yelled, 'isn't that right Father?' Sean, the youth arched an eyebrow, looking stunned but his father gave a small chuckle. 'You are a man of your word?' said the old man. 'Yup,' smiled Stephen. Thomas laughed loudly and Sean rolled his eyes, perching one long arm upon a hip. 'I admire your faith,' he said, 'Roger's the name but my friends call me Jolly Roger, the reason for that, is that I may have to kill you.' 'Kill me?' exclaimed Stephen, expanding his blue eyes in mock fear and pretending to tremble. 'Aye,' laughed old Roger, wiping away a cheerful tear, 'it'd kill your mind from the boredom I'd be telling you!' he doubled over into a sudden spell of uncontrollable laughter at his own joke, serenaded by the high-pitched squeals of Thomas. Sean gave a groan, burying his thin face. 'You see that is exactly why people dub you as \"Jolly\" Roger, father,' alleged Sean testily, 'is because you're so jolly useless at telling jokes! You are brimmed with tall tales, overflowing with utter claptrap!' 'Mind of a poet my Sean,' grinned Roger, winking at Stephen who was feeling extremely buoyed by the old man's fanatical humour, 'but deluded, it's no wonder; he came out of his mother's womb the wrong way!' Sean groaned as his father lapsed into another peal of laughter. 'Either way, I don't really mind,' said Stephen, 'Stephen is my name, if you wanted to know.' 'Aye, the pleasure's ours' said Roger fervently, wringing the water out of one of his thick braids, 'Now, you're interested in this rebellion too you say?' 'Oh yes,' replied Stephen keenly, stepping forth, 'though you might want to tell us quick before we end up not getting dry till next month.' All three men cast the rain a weary look. Roger quickly snatched his eyes onto Stephen, moving his head sharply like a wolf scenting prey. In this moment, the dim lights from the boat were reflected palely in his keen eyes and a smile split his face. Stephen returned it identically. Sean watched them both with a look of belying incredulity as little Thomas uncertainly observed them both with a half-smile. 'Indeed,' he said efficiently, offering his arm to Stephen, 'we shall converse it very thoroughly,' the old man adopted a very dire attempt at an English accent, 'as gentlemen of course, my plans to fight the English were unclear, but by your will and expertise, we shall volunteer to join this rebellion. I expect we shall hear more about it in the nearest Inn. Come.' 'We travel on foot father?' called Sean, as Roger started to walk off ahead with Stephen, clumsily interpreting an English soldier march. He paused. 'Of course by fucking foot boy!' he hollered without turning around, 'unless you thought you had the God-given power to fly there yourself.' With an irate grunt and sharp nod of his thin head, he proceeded down a murky road which was distinguishable through the semi-gloom of the closing evening. All around Stephen, men, some women with children, were dispersing in different directions, concerted into dwarf groups, comparable to his own. A new next stage this indeed was. An unknown which always kept him anticipating, keeping him fresh on the tip of his feet. No longer would he have a moment to standstill and allow the dark thoughts of the past, yield him. He was hungry for the unknown to come fast, to quickly pass under his feet until he found his peace, and oh how he would relish it. English here I come … all I have now are these new fine folk and you Father. Yes. I do. Indeed. Scottish rebellion who would have thought, Father you sly dog! Thank you; you point your finger in an excellent direction. - - - - - - - - - - - - - Meghan's own breathing had quickened as she caressed the strong moist muscles of Stephen's chest, her palms running along his broad shoulders, as he lay poised over her. He kissed her palm gently when it was within reach and brandished a smile so devastating that it pierced her heart like a blade. It painted her cheeks a fierce red but her lips pulled into a wide, warm smile of glowing content. ' Meghan,' Stephen managed to speak, somehow, 'You have undone me,' his voice escaped him in a hoarse whisper. ' Just, tell me those three words,' said Meghan gently, feeling her head sink back into the pillows, giddy with pleasure. Stephen nuzzled slowly down, stroking his lips against the softness of her chest. The words almost choked out of him. 'I … I love you …' Meghan clanked her knife and fork down forcefully onto her plate, as her thoughts strayed into secret territory. Her hand returned the feel of cold, abysmal cutlery and her eyes met with an abhorrent grinning chicken leg. Food after food, oh how it grated her that she had sunk back into the routines of sitting at the cursed table, wrapped in its sheer ennui. All around her nothing and no-one had changed. It was as if she had not ran back to her home and found out he was alive! These thoughts must have appeared on her face because Aldrich's brisk English voice piped up from the end of the table. 'Do you not like your chicken?' Chicken.The man was banging on about chicken. Meghan's hand shook as she clenched her fork. 'Yes,' she simpered sweetly, spearing a small chunk and swallowing it. 'Good,' Aldrich remarked in a thin voice, sipping his wine. Did he ever stop drinking it? 'I still expecting an answer from you my dear Meghan,' he put down his wine and wiped his mouth, 'accompany me to my chambers you will this night.' 'P- Pardon me my lord?' stammered Meghan. Before Aldrich had the chance to reply, a nurse meekly entered the room. She swapped an approving nod with Aldrich before gently lifting up little Alden who had been sculpting his squashed potatoes into a mountain range. His tired mumblings of 'mother' drifted from him as he was slung limply over the nurse's shoulders. As soon as the door slammed, an echoing silence filled up the room. 'No need to look so worried,' said Aldrich, eyeing her closely, 'meal time is over. So is nearly the week. And I would very much like you to be by my side this night.' Meghan felt the back of her throat coat with bile. She swallowed hard and fixed her face firmly into an unreadable expression. 'You have been kind enough already,' she said, 'you need not request for anything much else.' 'This is not a request,' said Aldrich slowly, 'you will, accompany me.' Meghan did not answer. She did not want to cause uproar. She merely watched Aldrich rise from his chair, looking expectant. He waited for her to do the same. Slowly, he shifted over to the door and opened it, waiting for her to pass through. She did just that, moving stuporously, as she went, her eyes fixed rigidly on the floor. Down darkened corridors they then proceeded, straight to the quarters of Aldrich. The heavy scraping of his leather boots against the stone floor resonated behind her, ringing off the brick walls. Try not to think of an alternative, Meghan thought feverishly as vague notions began to whir in her mind, just try and see where this goes; you are not a woman with a natural blazing temper. 'Here we are,' he said quietly behind her, 'please enter.' Out of the corners of her eyes she saw him extend his hand and push open the wooden door in front of them. She entered and drifted over to a plush armchair, sitting tentatively on the edge of it, cupping her chin in her hands as she rested her elbows upon her lap. The room betrayed the ominous events that she knew would occur in it. A welcoming fire crackled in a far corner licking the exterior of an intricate granite furnace. It illuminated a highly polished grand four-poster bed which was ornamented with profound, purple velvet curtains. It subjugated the room. And upon the wooden floor, deep red carpets elaborated with complex patterns stripped across it. The room was a pauper's paradise but to Meghan, it disgusted her. She wrapped her arms around her chest and she realised she was trembling. Across the room and completely oblivious to her anxious state, Aldrich was beginning to undress. With a stabbing intrigue, Meghan lifted her head and saw that the old man was only standing in a pair of unbuckled breeches. He was carefully folding some tunics upon the bed. But it wasn't this bizarre behaviour which vaguely caught her interest; no, it was the drooped muscles which lined his withered chest. Half-healing cuts streaked across his chest from recent fights and pearly scars glinted from the firelight. She had not seen him so starkly in the flesh before. However, without warning, Aldrich then quickly pulled off his breeches and stood unpleasantly in a pair of limp, greying underpants, leaving not much else for the imagination. He too folded the breeches carefully upon the bed but Meghan just could not get her eyes off the pallid, skinny legs that were unveiled. Why, from underneath the powerful bulk of his armour he was reduced to nothing more than a shrivelled weed, declined to the mere facade of a small boy. Meghan gulped back a moan of anxiety; his appearance unnerved her. Humming tunelessly, Aldrich finally turned towards her and Meghan felt herself pale. He strode over, attempting to smile. 'You look as if you're going to the gallows,' he laughed lightly, 'stand please.' Meghan stood and felt him draw nearer, his shoulder length grey hair scraped behind his ears. The dreaded familiar touch of withered fingers on her shoulders gently undoing her corset began to touch her skin, his touch surprisingly warm. She flinched and turned around to face him, holding the corset tightly to her chest as she felt it become fully undone. 'Please,' she begged quietly, feeling herself tremble, 'please.' Aldrich did not smile at her. 'There's nothing to be afraid of,' he said as soft as he could, his pale eyes glinting intently from beneath their wizened eyelids, 'I have never hurt a woman.' Meghan said nothing but slowly turned her back to him by the urge of his hand. As if in a dream she felt the corset fall flaccidly from her skin, hearing its soft material collide gently with the stone floor. oh Lord … She stared at it vaguely, feeling a vulnerable emptiness as she sensed Aldrich's stare simmer at the skin of her exposed back. She felt a hand place itself on her hip, forcing her to slowly turn around. She did, crossing her arms tightly to hide her white busts; a region on her body which she had only ever allowed Stephen to have a full taste of. 'Let me see them,' Aldrich said steadily, failing to keep the note of longing desire out of his tone. Jesus lord … Jesus … Meghan shakily moved her arms, as she felt them being moved aside by Aldrich. She was wilting into him, quelling under the formidableness of the position. 'Please,' she mumbled, as a pair of wrinkled hands began to languidly caress the surfaces of her nipples, 'please … don't do it. You would not understand why I'm telling you to stop.' Aldrich pretended not to hear her as his eyes closed from the pleasure of kneading her busts. 'I can't marry you,' Meghan managed to gasp weakly, her eyes beginning to sting. Aldrich continued to ignore her, as his hands began to awkwardly wander down the curves of her hips, his fingers moving with the twitchy gait of a spider. He moaned, immersed in his pleasure and a course of repulsion shot through Meghan. With a frightened gasp, she sharply withdrew from him, pushing his hands violently aside. 'I can't marry you Aldrich. Today I found out that my husband still lives. I married him before I met you, and married to him I remain.' 'Don't be so ridiculous woman,' Aldrich murmured vaguely, a drunken smile curving the corners of his lined mouth, 'we've had a child, tis blasphemy if we don't marry.' 'It's blasphemy to me if I don't find him,' Meghan said, hot angry tears beginning to trickle down her face. Aldrich did not heed her, he still seemed dazed within his course of pleasure from when he had explored her breasts. His hands then reached out, the fingers waggling expectantly, when Meghan raised one of her legs and kicked him in the stomach with all the force she could muster. Of course Aldrich had been too enveloped in his own small world of covetous yearning, to repel the blow. The impact forced him to stagger blindly back and his head hit one of the posts of the great bed. He sank to the floor and he gave a startled yelp as the pain began to throb at his skull, pulling him out of his reverie. Meghan snatched a blanket from a nearby bed, covering her torso and shakily strode over to him, feeling no sympathy that the old man had been hit. Aldrich stared up at Meghan's infuriated form, a frown knitting his brow. 'Is it an apolagy you want Meghan?' he said quietly, 'I am sorry if you have suffered losses but after the attack on your body I've given you a good place to live. We – you have a fine son and when we wed,' a sting pain throbbed his skin, and he pulled a few strands of grey hair out of his eyes, 'ouch, Meghan, you can learn to love me, people do. Couples do,' he blinked naively up at her and gave a sigh, 'I'm not an unemotional man, Meghan, I – I only want us to grow a bond of love, seeing as it is only I who you have left' he trailed off weakly, and he rose slowly, his legs staggering slightly and advanced, 'please just let me –' he reached out both his hands towards Meghan, as if he was a blind man walking. A pleading look blazed in his eyes, very similar to Meghan's earlier from when she had begged him to stop touching her. Meghan backed away as he walked to her and the intense build up from all what had ached her body and soul – from losing her only son, from being confined and dragged back to her hell, from not being able to mourn for Stephen and now learning that he was alive – broke loose. In a blind daze of angry tears, and insurmountable fury, she snatched a sword from his armour stand and cleanly drove the blade through Aldrich's wrinkled stomach. For every memory she could remember of her Logan's head being battered she felt Aldrich's spinal chords break, for every drop of blood she could remember engraved on Stephen's body she felt Aldrich's stain her palms, as the blade sliced through his body as easily as butter. For a few lingering moments, she held the handle of the sword firmly in her sweaty hands, as she pulled Aldrich close to her vehement face, gasping slightly. 'I won't marry you,' she hissed coldly, 'never. Stephen lives.' Aldrich's face began to sag, drooping in the sweeping agony which passed through every ailing limb in his aged body. '– he told me that, and you' he managed to croak, but then the life which had once stirred behind his pale eyes dimmed. Meghan felt his body sag heavily against her own and in a state of shock; she pushed him away, vaguely watching his body limply hit the floor with a dull thud. Who was he? Who had told him what?What did Aldrich mean? The dead corpse of Alden's old father offered her no answer. 'Oh my God, woman what have you done?' Meghan whipped round and saw Latham standing in the doorway, the blood draining fast from his face as he stared at his dead lord. She cast her eyes vaguely onto Aldrich's bloodstained stomach. What on earth had she done? - - - - - Ahh you'll just have to find out till next time.[Chapter 10] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Well as they say in Scotland – \"Och!\", indeed \"Och!\" sums up my frustration recently - finally chapter ten is done, because the other day my other pc broke ¬¬ so I am not a happy bunny, but it now rots in a dump in the city (hah!) Aaaaanyway moving on, as always a big thanks to LazyChestnut from reading this story so far from the beginning and giving forth good reviews, and so I present to you all chapter ten. Please review and I shall proceed to chapter eleven ) – E.S Chapter Ten \" The Birth of New Stages\" ' What have you done?' Meghan sniffed and raised her eyebrows at Latham, securing the blanket tighter about her waist. When she failed to respond to Latham, he strode forwards and grabbed her tight about the shoulders, staring wildly into her face. 'Answer me!' he hissed. Meghan stared vacantly back at him, vaguely noticing how much the tightened lines around Latham's mouth had pursed with fear. It did not perturb her; she languidly tilted her head, glancing at Aldrich's splayed corpse. His head lay crooked to one side, with his eyes and mouth opened in a vague expression. And piteously sticking out of his stomach was the sword. It was slowly sinking back to the ground due to its enfeebled stance, procuring fresh streams of crimson blood to begin their winding journey from the large gash. They seeped straight onto the wooden floor, gathering into small puddles. 'Didn't I tell you,' she murmured in a low voice, her gaze flicking back to Latham, 'I don't belong here.' 'Too true you don't,' Latham said, his mounting anger and panic disabling him from steady speech, 'you - we, if this gets out we will be killed! Oh God. You - You stupid, selfish bitch!' 'NO I'M NOT!' Meghan suddenly shrieked, stumbling back from Latham, her whole body was shaking and her eyes were wide with a wild, angry madness; she looked a mess, 'DON'T YOU EVER SAY THAT TO ME! I AM GETTING OUT OF HERE! NOT ONCE HAVE YOU EVER REGARDED - ANYTHING! I am going to go back and find Stephen, -' she tripped over a chair leg and fell clumsily to the floor, falling a mere metre away from Aldrich's body. His gormless face gazed blankly at her. Meghan gave a frightened squeal and recoiled, quickly crawling away. 'Old man had what was coming to him,' she said quietly, clutching her knees with trembling hands, 'he had no idea. And neither do you.' Latham stared at her, from the shadows on the other side of the room. Indeed, she spoke the truth. The brutal truth. She had hit him and made a bid for freedom. Yet he had not known what was coming to him. He had not known her intent. Little hellcat, he thought, no-one is going to believe that Aldrich was murdered by his own \"wife\". If anybody knew, his position of a high ranking officer, high-guard of the noble would be severely knocked. He, the man who had been instructed to spend more time with Meghan would be immediately blamed. Questions would be asked: why had he not stopped her? Call himself a guard? A soldier? A man? More like a failure entwined into a fool, not even able to discipline or control a woman. A common girl, the \"Lord's whore\" and he himself would be labelled to something near to a traitor. Oh, how his pride would be laughed at. He would be degraded let alone be possibly sentenced. Latham felt the blood leave his face and he stroked his chin in thought, the hairs pricking up on the back of his neck. What to do …. 'You have blood on your hands,' he said faintly in to the deathly silence of the room. He walked over to Meghan. His scuffed leather boots stopped before her recoiled form and he held out his hand for her to take, 'but we're in this together. There's no going back.' 'Then let me leave,' Meghan said, a note of quiet desperation, as she stood taking Latham's hand, 'leave a nanny take care of Alden, say his mother perished of - illness or something. And you - you can say -' '- hush,' said Latham tacitly, he put a paunchy finger on her lips, 'look at him,' he moved her head to look at Aldrich, 'you have killed a defenseless man, Alden's own father.' Alden's own father … killed... murdered … Meghan's breathing rapidly quickened as she observed Aldrich's corpse with intense fear, it whistled raggedly through her nose, heaving her chest up and down, Latham stopped speaking and looked at her in confusion. 'Meghan?' Meghan's throat constricted and she doubled over, opening her mouth as a river of vomit issued from it. Her head grew light and her body collapsed clumsily to the floor. She had fainted. Swooned at the very sight of Aldrich. Shaking his head, Latham scooped up her flaccid form and placed it carefully upon the bed. Briefly, as he stood beside her, his fathomless brown eyes flew to Aldrich's blank ones. 'Thus passes Aldrich Harrington, tenth noble of Harrington estate.' he murmured, his lips curling.He walked slowly over, bent down and shut Aldrich's open mouth which had been gaping at the window. With a grim nod, Latham stood up and left the room; he had preparations to attend to. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - 'Volunteers coming in!' The voice reverberated across the air, resonating through the trunks of trees. Stephen looked around the wood and saw groups of sitting men cock their heads up at the sound of the voice. As far as he could see, he saw men sat down languidly before fires, sharpening weapons and chopping wood. Good men they were, he thought, he could see the hunger of determination, very much like his own, to fight the English linger in their eyes. Their hearty mumblings of their voices filled up the grove. So here was the rebellion. His heart skipped a beat and beside him, he swapped a glance with Roger. In front of them both, a young Irishman Stephen had seen vaguely on the boat, presented himself before a small congregation of Scottish men that were eating from a small pot of stew. 'My name is Faudron, my sword is yours, I've come to die for ya,' he said, taking a deep bow at the feet of a tall man. A few of the Scottish men laughed quietly at this, as Stephen watched Faudron steadily, carefully assessing everything about him. 'Stand up man I'm not the pope,' laughed the tall man. Faudron rose, smiling amusingly and he reached inside his tunic for something. Stephen watched intently and saw to his disbelief that Faudron had whipped out an ornately sewn cloth. 'I brought you this,' he said, handing it to the tall man, 'my wife made it for ya.' Fucking hell, Father, thought Stephen rolling his eyes, fucking butter it up for all it's worth, why not try offering to be the man's personal arse wiper next time . A sardonic smile split his face and he strode forwards, laughing to himself. 'Him? That can't be William Wallace; I'm much prettier than this man,' Stephen strode confidently into the group, making his way over to the pot over the fire. He bent down and took the ladle, shoveling down a hearty mouthful of stew without being offered. Mmm fine venison Father, he mused as he swallowed a few mouthfuls down his throat. He then turned his head abruptly to the sky, 'alright Father I'll ask them, If I risk my neck for you? Will I get a chance to kill Englishmen?' Stephen spoke directly to the tall man before him, waiting for a reply. Suddenly he heard a sardonic voice to his left. 'Is your father a ghost or do you converse with the Almighty?' Ah an enquiring mind is he not Father? Right as rain, chuckled Stephen inside, he felt his eyes light up with his internal laughter . The man is brawny and vicious looking, with a shock of red hair twisted about his potato-looking face; well I don't let appearances deceive me … lets see Father … 'In order to find his equal, an Irishman is forced to talk to God,' replied Stephen, 'yes, Father. The Almighty says don't change the subject; just answer the fucking question.' Stephen doubled over in a peal of laughter but the red-headed Scotsman did not crack a smile. Fuck's sake, did I enter a land where men are as staid as mourners at graves? 'Mind your tongue,' said the red-headed Scotsman sternly, his eyes flashing. 'Insane Irish,' piped up the voice of an old man. Stephen's head whirred madly. Insane … insane Father, hah! Let's just see if they have THIS coming to them … deep in the folds of his leather tunic, Stephen whipped out a small dagger and struck it toward the skin of the old man's throat. The old Scot did not even flinch but gazed steadily down at Stephen who watched impressively as the others immediately raise their swords and spears straight at him. Clever lot … alert as the wolf … watchful as the hawk… fuck me Father … talk about a test of faith. 'Smart enough to get a dagger past your guards, old man?' asked Stephen, looking directly into the Scot's face. The old man glanced at the tall Scot Stephen had seen Faudron talk to earlier and he pointed his sword further at Stephen's chest. 'That's my friend, Irishman,' he said calmly, 'and the answer to your question is yes; if you fight for me you get to kill the English.' He blinked and Stephen was slightly astonished to see such striking blue eyes stare at him from beneath his eyelids. A wide grin cracked his face, 'excellent,' he said, promptly moving his hand away from the old man's throat and putting the dagger back in its sheath, 'Stephen is my name. I'm the most wanted man on my island, except I'm not on my island, of course. More's the pity.' He gained a few laughs as he said this, more notably from old Roger and Sean, who stood several metres away, observing the scene with intense amusement. The brawny, red-headed Scotsman raised a bushy eyebrow. 'Your island? You mean Ireland.' Aye, Ireland; land of the fair and of the brave, isn't that right Father? You best be keeping them safe. 'Yeah,' said Stephen, smiling somewhat, 'it's mine.' A laugh began to grow in his chest at the man's incredulity, and behind him he heard others joining in; it buoyed his spirits. 'You're a madman,' alleged the red-headed Scot, grinning cynically. Stephen even felt he heard a distant, echoing laugh in his own ears …is that you Father? Yup, you're humouring me too aren't ya? 'I've come to the right place then,' grinned Stephen, as all the men around him lapsed into jovial laugher and began back to attending to their jobs and meals. - - - - - - - - - - - ' What have I said about pointing your sword that way?' A small boy with feathery auburn hair ran rapidly around the trees, brandishing a stick playfully at a man. 'Hoy yahhh!' he yelled, charging straight in front of him. The man dodged his son and crept up behind a tree, grabbing him deftly by the waist. 'Boo! Couldn't get a stick past your old man could ya, eh?' the man laughed as he ruffled the boy's hair, holding him firmly against his chest. The boy wriggled about laughing madly, trying to escape. ' Yes I could,' laughed the lad, 'someday.' ' Yup.' ' Don't tell ma but I've been teasing the dog again.' ' Again? But, I won't' grinned Stephen, tapping Logan's nose, 'though next time he might bite your hand off, so it's best if I tell you not too. It's our secret.' It's our secret … Secret … Meghan awoke to feel a gentle rumbling beneath her body. She slowly sat up and looked blearily around; she had been sleeping in the thick folds of a small bed inside of what was unmistakably a carriage. What? … Something clammy and wet touched her arm and she started in surprise, only to see a small dog nestled beside her, it gave a sharp, excited bark, fervently wagging its tail as it realized she was awake. 'Shhh,' said Meghan impatiently, briefly stroking the canine's ears in a bid for it too calm. But it only got more energized by the sound of her imploring voice, its high-pitched happy barks filling up the hut. Meghan groaned. 'Am I going to have to throw you out this carriage myself for you to shut up?' Nope. The dog sat up and began circling its tail on the floor, yapping joyfully. Meghan gave a defeated sigh and sank back into the blankets, her mind reeling. Where in God's name was she? Her question was answered when she saw the inside door knob begin to turn and Latham entered. 'Finally she is awake,' he said briskly, smiling to himself. He sat down on a bench opposite her, allowing for the dog to jump happily onto his lap and lick his face, 'we thought we were going to have to pay for your burial.' 'Pardon me?' Meghan croaked, her eyes widening. Latham laughed at her surprise and absentmindedly pushed the dog's face from his head as it tried to lick his ears, as it barked loudly. Meghan scowled. 'Don't jest,' she muttered irritably picking at her nails, 'and shut that bloody dog up.' 'Hush Donn,' said Latham casually, the dog calmed and lay down on the bench, resting it's head on his lap, staring adoringly up at Latham with its large, chocolate brown eyes. 'Where the hell am I?' Meghan said, speaking to the ceiling from where she lay. Latham could only see her restless arms waving in the air and her red hair streamed messily about the cotton pillows. 'You are in a carriage on the way to London.' ' London?' Meghan exclaimed jolting up from the bed, frowning over at Latham. He observed her reaction amusedly. 'Yes London,' he replied lazily, absentmindedly scratching Don's ears, 'an inquest has been made into Aldrich's death, and with my being a general, I have needed to go to London to confirm it over with the King.' Of course, the marriage … the sword … the death of Aldrich … his murder … Meghan paled and she gave a suppressed gasp, her palms beginning to feel cold and sweaty. Latham wouldn't … 'You're taking me to London' she said quietly, 'oh God … how could you?' Latham rolled his eyes at her panicked state. 'Not you silly girl, we. Nobody knows it was you. I have said to everyone who has asked, that the old fool – pardon me- his lordship was poisoned by an unknown assassin. I ordered the guards to search the place only to naturally discover no-one, relax, the whole calamity has been smoothed over,' he leaned back and heaved a yawn, 'we've been traveling for five days in England yet you my dear have given us enough trouble. When you fainted from looking at his corpse, -' 'Don't –' moaned Meghan, flopping back into the bed as the ghastly image came crawling into her head. '– you came down with a fever. So for our benefits you took a turn for the worse, only now you have finally awakened, by the useful loud barking of Donn here,' he gave the dog an affectionate pat and it leapt up and began furiously licking Latham's nose. 'How kind of you to place that dog with me,' muttered Meghan irritably from the bed, 'my head has never felt so bad. So we're off to London, to confirm Aldrich's death. Why do you need me?' Latham gave a small smile, and the austere lines in his face momentarily softened. 'I have no doubt that King Edward will know of William Wallace's whereabouts –' 'William who?' Latham laughed, 'oh yes I forgot, you've been asleep for a week and a half, Wallace my dear lady is a leader of a disreputable Scottish rebellion, so I have no doubt that your husband will have joined him. He's gone to Scotland to fight you say, well there you have it.' He abruptly stood up from the bench, immediately adopting a more business-like manner. Donn slid off his lap and landed onto the wooden floor, barking sadly. 'Then I will not object if you wish to find him but you must inform me, we will sort it; because we do not need a debacle like last time because killing King Edward would most certainly have you found and hanged. Possibly worse.' Meghan slowly sat up from the bed, staring at Latham with her mouth half-open. Her mind was whirring madly from trying to decode all of the new information. 'And as soon as we arrive in London, you will be known as my \"wife\", understood?' Meghan's jaw dropped but knew it would be much worse if anyone found out her true identity. Reluctantly she gave a small nod and sank back into the bed, pulling the sheets tightly up to her nose. She curled her toes and released a contented sigh as she felt a wave of warmth spread through her body. Rolling his eyes, Latham left the carriage.[Chapter 11] A/N: The chapter before Stirling. Longshanks is rather tricky to write about, without making him look like a typical villain. Sorry for the waffle in this chapter. Please review! Chapter Eleven \" A Woman of Enquiry\" London. She was finally in London. Meghan did not think she could stand the confinement of the carriage any longer. Luxurious as it was, it wasn't her taste and unfortunately Donn, had started to lick her toes when she was asleep. Damn dog … 'Here we are,' rang Latham's voice from outside the carriage. Meghan shifted her gaze and peered out the window. What she saw was one of the most surprising sights of her life. London; never had anywhere seemed so crowded and big. Winding streets stretched as far as the eye could see and situated the centre of the city, was a hulking stone tower. No doubt this was the Tower of London. It appeared ominous and dark, stretching superiorly above the other buildings, its windows glaring down at them, shrouding them in its domineering shadow. So that's where the King lives … grand on the outside yet cold within … maybe … The carriage trundled over a moat which entered through some oak doors. They were flanked by guards who were dressed in armour and foul, orange cloaks. Meghan ducked; she had always been wary of English soldiers, even living among them for four years. They were such a hateful kind of men; bred like dogs to stand upright as if they had cucumbers thrust up their arses and lips pursed in a sneering kind of way. Pfft. Thank fuck she was Irish … Irish men were twice the men they were … and she knew all to well … When Meghan looked up, they had entered the heart of London. The atmosphere was heaving; stall sellers hollered at every turn in their cockney accents, merchants entertained crowds with extravagant merchandise, whilst customers jostled about with money in their hands; people trundled by with carts filled with every vegetable imaginable. Meghan sighed, she knew which life she preferred – market day back in Ireland was bad enough! Finally the carriage entered through another set of doors, into a courtyard. 'Halt,' declared a voice. The carriage stopped and the carriage door opened. A soldier's hand appeared, helping her descend the steps. Meghan did, careful not to tread on the hem of her dress, that Latham had instructed her to wear. She hated the garment; it's fabric scratched her skin and her corset felt tighter than usual. But nevertheless, she stood beside Latham, appearing the dutiful and doting wife. He smiled at her but Meghan ignored him. A general appeared, greeting them with a large smile. 'Welcome, general Latham,' he said, whilst glancing at Meghan, \"a comfortable journey, I hope?\" He did not wait for a reply. \"His majesty awaits you in due course … I presume the Lady would like to be shown to her quarters?' Meghan opened her mouth uncertainly but Latham cut across her. 'Indeed she would, Hamilton. When would I be meeting with his majesty? Unfortunately, I bring ill news.' 'So it has been heard,' replied Hamilton soberly, 'a meeting takes place this noon; his majesty awaits your company with much anticipation, he had always favoured Lord Harrington. But please, he requests you settle in first. A long journey it has been, no doubt … and I'm sure the lady would like to indulge in some home comforts.' His eyes studied Meghan appraisingly, who gave a small smile, whilst forcing her neck to nod meekly at his words. Oh Jesus … she thought, this is really degrading … Without another comment, Hamilton gave a swift, approving nod and strode away. Before Meghan had time to hitch up her skirts, she was steered by Latham's vice-like hand up the stone steps and into the castle. - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - \"Would the lady like some tea?\" \"What?\" A mousy maid appeared at the door, looking expectant, holding aloft a diminutive tea-tray. Meghan turned from probing the interior of her assigned room and frowned. \"Would my lady like some tea?\" she repeated, somewhat shier. \"Oh …'\"said Meghan, realising she was being waited upon. The idea was quite alien, she thought, even though she had had her meals cooked for her in the garrison where she had stayed with Aldrich, she had always chosen to serve herself where possible. 'Yeah, that would be fine.' She placed her hand to her mouth in alarm as the maid gave her a quizzical look. She had descended into her Irish accent. Wearing the fetid, itchy clothes of the rich was bad enough but talking like an English woman was even worse … \"Yes,\" repeated Meghan, forcing a simpering smile, \"that would be lovely. Pray tell when I shall be acquainted with my dear husband and of course, the majestic King Edward?' Yup, sugarcoat the whole act, truly puff it up, they ought to lap it up. That's what you would do wouldn't it Stephen? Oh how you would laugh. The maid dipped a curtsy and bustled into the room, placing the tea tray on a table. \"A meeting happens in the lower chambers of this castle my lady. An escort shall take you in about an hour. You shall briefly attend the meeting - an honour that is for a woman,\" she added, a slight edge to her voice. She gave another curtsy and walked swiftly out of the room. When she reached the door, Meghan called her. \"Thank you very much my dear, yet would you mind if you shut this door behind you? It is awfully draughty in here, I very much dislike getting my feet cold, it's frightfully dreadful, you see.' Meghan plastered a silvery smile onto her face at the maid; playing the prissy wife of the general was the perfect part for now. \"Of course,\" smiled the maid, whose shy demeanor had vanished. \"Anything else, milady?\" \"No, you may go.\" As soon as she shut the door behind her, Meghan flumped herself onto the plush four poster, deflating with exasperation. \"Fucking hell …\" she seethed, limply throwing a scatter cushion to the floor. \"How long does this go on for?\" - - - - - - - - 'Rebellion. Rebellion they say, tell me my fellow officers, what does that word mean to any of you?' Longshanks paced restlessly up and down the room, his metal boots clanking ominously upon the walls. His officers, who were decked up and down a long table, exchanged uncertain looks and the air was injected with the murmur of their desultory answers. 'What do you mean my lord?' enquired a lanky youth clad in chain mail. Longshanks turned around slowly, his cold eyes boring at the young man who shrank away. A sneer curled his lips. \"You are a bold lad to question the King,\" he said quietly. A disconcerted hush fell on the council members and they waited with bated breath for the blow to fall. \"You have a name, boy?\" The youth automatically studied the floor. \"S-Spencer Griffin, my Lord. Son of Daniel Griffin, the Stable Master. He suggested that I come to this meeting in his stead because he's –\" \"Importing horses from Dover,\" finished Longshanks, still studying the youth called Spencer with steely eyes. \"Yes he is.\" A tall man with a large moustache, beside Spencer gave a snort of disapproval. \"You should not speak until you're spoken to, boy! Such insolence! Men have been hanged for less!\" Spencer glanced up at him, alarmed, but the tall man whacked him over the head. \"Look at the King, boy!\" Spencer twisted a pale face to Longshanks, who had finally taken his eyes off him. \"Hamilton is right,\" he wheezed, stroking his beard in thought. \"But you do voice a very good point, my boy. What do I mean by rebellion?\" he sat down and laughed unpleasantly. \"None of you here understand its seriousness.\" His cold eyes swept over the members of the council, who shifted uncomfortably in their seats, none daring to speak. Longshanks ignored their reaction. By God he felt old … a lifetime of war ached in his bones, and now, just when he was nearing his seventieth winter, one man could threaten to lose his iron hold upon Scotland. William Wallace … The man with the moustache cleared his throat. \"Forgive us sire, but we do understand your anger. We –\" Longshanks looked up at Hamilton. \"No, Hamilton, you don't. You are not a King, so you do not understand the frustration knowing that your kingdom is being burned by savages, which I have fought so hard to obtain!\" He pounded the table, upsetting a goblet of wine. \"Please, sire,\" continued Hamilton, \"nobody is denying –\" \"And my wretch of a son cannot be bothered to attend this meeting ... and for what?\" Longshanks got to his feet with alarming vigour. \"He's scared of William Wallace! That heathen who has caused this calamity … this debacle … this …\" he fought for words, but the youth Spencer unthinkingly corrected him: \"Problem?\" The council member's held their breath, exchanging looks of alarm. Hamilton whacked Spencer across the head. \"Cur! What did I say?\" \"Enough,\" overrode Longshanks nastily. \"Of course I know it's a problem, boy,\" he strode over close to Spencer. \"Why you are here instead of your father is beyond me. That dog of a man was always so foolish.\" A flush began to creep up Spencer's neck, from the insult at his father. \"I'm sorry sire,\" he said, swallowing and gazing up into the King's craggy face. Longshanks snorted, and swept from the youth's side, pacing again up and down the hall in his irritable fashion. \"I have also been informed by my brother, Edmund Crouchback, that his friend Lord Aldrich Harrington has been murdered in Ireland,\" Longshanks pierced his council with a glare, but none had anything to say on the topic, apart from Spencer who half-heartedly raised his hand. He pursed his lips. \"Where is General Latham?\" he snapped. 'Well?' 'He should be here any minute my lord,' said Hamilton quickly, whilst holding Spencer's arm firmly to the table. At his words, the door opened and Latham entered with Meghan sullenly bringing up the rear. \"At last,\" wheezed Longshanks, striding forth with an unnatural smile on his face. \"General Latham …\" Both men embraced, as Meghan watched, stony-faced. Such a false reunion … \"I believe you have some news for me,\" asked Longshanks, regarding Meghan as part of the wall. Latham nodded grimly. \"I do. I come to you sire, accompanied with my … my wife Lady Meghan,\" he prodded her in the back, and she forced a curtsy. Again, Longshanks ignored her. \"The news?\" pressed the King. \"Ah – yes,\" muttered Latham, scratching his chin. \"I can confirm, most dourly, that Lord Aldrich Harrington is dead. He was murdered with a stab wound to the chest …\" Meghan felt herself zoning out of Latham's waffle about how she killed Aldrich. It felt even worse to relive it front of the King … this monster who was stood before her. He reminded her of Aldrich, but even that doddery fool held some emotion in his eyes. But this man, the King, seemed to defy the word and as he listened to Latham, no sympathy flickered in his gaze. \"… We searched the castle and grounds and nobody was caught.\" Meghan was brought back to the present, when Latham trod on her foot. Apparently she had been staring at the floor … \"Most unfortunate,\" Longshanks clipped tonelessly. \"Any idea as to who would kill that honourable man?\" \"An Irish rebel perhaps … in league with William Wallace,\" replied Latham, though he felt Meghan burning a hole in his head, \"or simply a scumbag who hated the English rule.\" \"A likely guess,\" pointed Longshanks, \"but no matter. The Irish rebel will soon see that his actions were folly,\" he gave a scathing laugh. \"His actions were meaningless. Bloody Irish savage …\" \"And why is that?\" asked Meghan, before she could stop herself. Her arms were shaking with anger, but when she looked up at the King's face, she regretted speaking. Now that he fully regarded her, his eyes seemed to coat over with layer of frost. \"A woman of enquiry,\" derided Longshanks, with a laugh. Latham forced a smile, but took a mental note to berate the girl to kingdom come for her remark. \"Well, the answer to your question madam is that when Wallace joins the peasant army in Scotland, lead by the nobles, he shall be leading a massacre. My heavy cavalry will crush them down like ants,\" Meghan's eyes widened but Longshanks mistook her fear for awe of his army. \"Three hundred strong horseman, milady, ready to trample the Scottish savages. No army in a thousand years has thwarted such an assemblage. My goodness, the crows will have a feast. And if only they knew that the Scots had died with the shame of their foolishness … thinking they could defeat me!\" Meghan felt the blood drain from her face and Longshanks grinned. \"So you ought not to worry your pretty head.\" A course of appreciative laughter followed this speech, among the officers, and Longshanks grinned wider. Meghan felt lost for words. She had watched the King's mouth move as he spoke, and horrible visions of Stephen played through her mind … if the Scottish army were defenceless, what chance had he? Three hundred horseman … \"I – I need not worry now,\" she mumbled, dipping a rigid curtsy. Longshanks grinned again, but it was more of a leer. \"This meeting is over,\" he turned around to his councillors. \"We shall assemble another meeting same time tomorrow, a day before I depart to France to extend my beloved son's kingdom,\" a few councillors chuckled darkly at his, and chants of pactum serva echoed jovially in the stony room. The mood had been lifted now that Latham had arrived. \"But for now,\" Longshanks studied Latham, \"will you dine this evening?\" Latham bowed deeply. \"It would be an honour your majesty,\" Latham bowed, whilst subtly nudging Meghan to curtsy.[Chapter 12] AUTHOR'S NOTE: well here is the battle of Stirling … flippin' coursework got in my way for the past couple of days which has delayed me to update. Anyways, I hope you al enjoy the chapter and please review ;-) – E.S Chapter 12 \" The Battle Begins\" Trees. Stephen had always loved them. They came in a pleasant array of sizes: tall, slim, gigantic, some maintaining altitudinous rangy branches and some with thicker, broader ones. Each characteristic was a little boy's paradise; what fun could be had when you can challenge yourself to reach for the upper kindling, and to sit upon one particular branch. That would surely promise a glorious view (and suffice a satisfied climb). And whilst absorbing that sight, no-one would ever know you were there, camouflaged kindly by the curtain of green leaves before you. Well, that was exactly why Stephen loved trees, he knew as much about them to know automatically that someone would use their tall stature to hide behind. He bent low in the undergrowth of a large, twiggy bush, with the mossy smell of the forest stifling his nostrils. He stared closely ahead of him through the gaps in the leaves; his fist was tightly clenched upon the handle of his sword that his knuckles had turned white and the loud, anticipated drumming of his heart, pounded loudly in his ears. It was amazing not a soul could hear it, save he, as he waited. Loading a bow and angling it silently at a stag, stood William Wallace. His impressive, hushed movement had swept stealthily across the forest floor with effortless lissom, in a bid to not disturb the animal. And then, just as Stephen had calculated, he heard the distant, tell-tale snap of a twig. William was being stalked. But he was too absorbed in his concentration to heed the noise to be anything suspicious. He tightened his bow, and just when he was about to fire, the figure of Faudron materialised out of the greenery, his large, broad sword raised aloft above his head. This was the moment. Stephen sprang noisily from the bush, startling the stag, and Wallace turned to face him, aiming his bow. But Stephen had already swung forth his blade; it slashed through the air in a blur of grey, slicing past William and straight into the chest of Faudron - Stephen could have fainted with relief! William stumbled in amazement, whipping around to see Faudron collapse pathetically to the floor with a mumbled groan, his sword slipping from his grasp. Strike! Thought Stephen joyfully, his mind doing cartwheels of glee … Father … you- are – an angel … Stephen dashed over and kneeled down to William's level; the man was breathless with shock. He surveyed Stephen with questioning blue eyes and Stephen's silent manner comprehended the immense answer for him; the crazy Irishman with the spry humour had saved his life. Feeling the cold steel press against his skin, Stephen held his hand firmly upon his sword which was sticking pathetically out of Faudron. At this sight, he suppressed a laugh which was building up in his throat. 'Sure didn't the Almighty send me to watch your back?' said Stephen darkly, staring carefully at William. He gave a dismissive noise, 'didn't like him anyway,' he added offhandedly. He briefly glanced at Faudron's gawking face, heh … no more pretty offers to be sent our way by you, Faudron I think. It was too good to be true with your frippery piece of fabric, disturbingly; I would think you've sewn the flowery pattern on it yourself. He leant forwards to William, staring steadily into his face and he saw the startling blue eyes gaze enquiringly back. 'He wasn't right in the head,' he muttered gruffly … well clearly … and with a swift pat on his friend's back, he strode from William's side, roughly picking his sword out of Faudron's stomach as he went. - - - - - - Just as what Longshanks had stated, his Northern Army had reached Scotland, ready to annihilate the Scots upon the battlefield and on their own soil. The old king smiled humourlessly to himself as he tucked into a large leg of pork upon the boat over to France, his thoughts momentarily straying to the mental image of a general, proudly waving the English flag, whilst standing on the dismembered body of William Wallace (whose face resembled his own son.) Yet even as Longshanks sailed across the grey English Channel, he had not even a single thread of acknowledgement of the yearning that traipsed in William's heart. Nothing perturbed that man and not even the sight of the imposing English army, who stood in their cloned, uniformed lines, laden with innumerable steel spears and glittering swords. Over the weeks, Stephen had grown close to Wallace. The Irishman did not entirely know it yet, but he had become fully engrossed and infected by William's passion to fight. Not just for the freedom of Scotland and his kinsmen but more so for the underlying detail that he was avenging, in fact … a lover. The only woman he had ever loved. Oh how curiously similar was William's need to his own. Stephen had only heard snippets about William's fair wife; very much like Meghan. But she, along with many others had been butchered from the intent of the English blade. This thought threatened to peel back the curtain of those memories, the ones which he valiantly kept locked within the shadows of his mind. An unspoken place. But no face looked as grave as his at that moment, as he stood, just another soldier, in the crowd of the Scottish army. Wallace had worked his charm upon the nobles. Of course, it was impossible to not be infected by Wallace's fervour; he was a born leader. Yet as he rode up and down before the army, the nobles had the cheek to glance doubtfully at one another; how could anyone deny this man? Wallace's voice was strident, spurring, stimulatingly encouraging, as he bellowed his passion across to his brothers. Oh, the very pitch and tempo nearly brought Stephen to cry with his admiration for the man. This, was incredibly rare, he felt he could never wring out his body and produce another tear. On his left stood old Roger, who was glaring at the English, his lips pursed in a tilted smile, it appeared to be more of a grimace. Beside him, stood his oldest son Sean. Unlike his undaunted father, the youth had turned comparatively pale as his eyes soaked up the sight of the inestimable cavalry. Have faith lad, Stephen found himself musing as he glanced at Sean's nervous state … You have more strength than you know … He turned his attention back to William and realised that the man was riding his way. His startling light-blue eyes seared beneath the layer of blue woad which was painted thickly upon his face. Well Father, I wouldn't like to meet him on the battlefield. 'Fine speech,' stated Stephen, glancing at the English generals, 'now what do we do?' William smiled grimly. 'I'm going to pick a fight.' They both noticed the nobles riding to meet the English generals in the centre of the field. Stephen exchanged a look with Hamish and the man shrugged his great shoulders. 'Well, we didn't get dressed up for nothing,' he said. Indeed … thought Stephen, smiling wryly, as Wallace started off, galloping fiercely down the bank upon his horse … I wonder how he will ruffle their feathers … surprise me Father … In no time at all, William had returned from his \"fight\" with the English generals. Stephen could see, by the pleased gleam in his eyes that he had gained the reaction he had desired. There would be no treaty or \"negotiation\". They would fight. Stephen fought not to smile as he relished the thought; Thank you Father … thank you that I can finally emasculate the balls of one of these bastards … With a rough clap on his horse's hide to send it away, William promptly joined the Irishman's side. A roguish grin was plastered prominently across his face. Stephen had no time to enquire, or return the humorous gesture, as the priests passed in front of the army, motioning the sign of the cross. Automatically, Stephen's knees curved into a kneeling stance, as he and the other Scots knelt in prayer. \" In nomine Patris, et Filii, et Spiritus Sancti, Amen\" chanted the priests in Latin. Stephen kept his eyes glued to the ground, as the prayer of the Sign of the Cross washed over him … reviving him. And hidden beneath his bowed head, by the dangling mop of his dark hair, a lone tear slipped from his eyelids and soaked a minute speck of soil. Then, he and the rest arose, and for what seemed like an absolute eternity, the English and the Scots stared expressionlessly at one another. The howling, whistling wind at this point seemed the only thing breathing. Then, the intense moment shifted; the air was pieced with the wild war cries from the Scots. Insults of every crass, crude and uncouth nature were hurled from every Scotsmen's mouth. Stephen was beside himself; he didn't know whether to laugh or cry with the wild, insane anger which was bucking inside of him. An aged veteran on the front line, suddenly dropped his weapons and lifted his kilt, revealing his manhood clearly skyward. Nice view for you there Father, Stephen thought humourously to himself. The Scots surrounding their fellow comrade howled with laughter at his antics and quickly followed suit. This act was then spread like wildfire across the Scottish army and soon Stephen found himself immersed in the mass of Scottish men crudely displaying their penises. H felt his loins itching to be released and smell the breeze of the Scot's hollering defiance, but the rudely tightened trousers he wore would waste too much time to whip off. So instead he thrust out his pelvis, his hands jiggling his manhood in a tantalising fashion, laughing as he did. From the other side of the field, a general named Cheltnam frowned in displeasure at the display of the Scots. Licking his lips with mutinous anger, he promptly instructed for the Archers to step forth. 'Loose!' yelled the general's voice. Flags rose and soon the air was festooned with the thrum of bows being loosened. Arrows whistled through the sky, a huge gathering mass of hornets they sounded like, whose tell-tale angry buzz was intended to strike. Stephen momentarily felt his stomach jolt as all around him the Scot's silenced as they watched the arrows fly towards them. He wish they would speak, yell … anything! 'Fucking HELL FATHER!' Thrap Thrap Thrap! The arrows plummeted downwards upon the Scots. Shields were quickly raised yet many were splintered. And that was when Stephen heard the first shuddering yells of pain. Unlucky for some men, their penises and buttocks had been violently punctured by the arrows, as they swiftly found their targets. Many brushed passed Stephen's elbow and underneath the roof of his shield he sharply turned his head to face William, an intense maddened gleam in his eyes. 'The Lord tells me he can me out of this mess, but he's pretty sure you're fucked.' In his head the mental image of a large bearded man, riding a chariot across the clouds and smiting rows of Englishmen with lightening bolts, flashed through his mind. Stephen felt the corners of his lips tow into a broad grin at the thought, and even more so by the panicked, bemused look that William gave him. The uncontrollable laugh he had caged inside his chest earlier burst its banks and it erupted loudly and abruptly from his mouth. There was then a ringing silence. The rain of arrows ceased to penetrate the Scots. Yet, just as Stephen predicted, there was another stimulating roar from the army. By God would these men not be defeated. He felt William jump sharply up from the ground, hastily waving his weapons to a group of Scottish horsemen upon a hill. 'Ride,' he yelled. The horsemen rode off swiftly over the horizon. 'What is he doing?' enquired a trembling voice. Stephen turned and saw Sean surveying William, who was readying his weapons, with utter incredulity. Besides that, the youth's arm was bleeding profusely from an arrowhead dislodged deeply into his shoulder; though the young lad seemed to be fighting all the strength he possessed to ignore it. 'Why is he sending the Scottish cavalry away?' he ogled at Stephen, 'we stand no chance now! He would sacrifice his own kinsmen? We're about to be trampled on by the English Cavalry like – ' '- Would you fucking shut that arse hole of yours Sean, or do I have do it for you?' interrupted old Roger's furious voice. The old man seemed incensed with determination and stiffly clutching his axe, he glared intently at his son, as if daring him to show a single crack of weakness. His eyes momentarily lingered on the arrow in Sean's arm. 'The man knows what he's doing.' Sean gritted his teeth as another shoot of pain swept through his body. He stumbled on his feet but planted them firmly into the ground. 'I don't care what you think,' he muttered to his father who rolled his eyes, 'I do this for - him .' Who \"him\" was, Stephen never found out because at that moment, another flag was raised. It was emblazoned with the picture of a horse. The menacing clatter of lances being positioned echoed across the field. The knights clanked together their steel armour, and started forth their steeds at an even pace. A wave of foreboding spread across the Scots and they exchanged looks of uncertainty. Gulping back his nerves, Stephen stared fixedly at the oncoming fleet, as if mesmerised and locked in a terrible dream. The loud, formidable pummel of the horse's hooves seemed to pound in rhythm to every terrified beat of his heart. But no … he would not allow that. His only purpose was to survive, and survive he will. He had not travelled all the way from Ireland to fail at the first stand. For only sitting atop those mighty steeds was a cringing son of a bitch, whose only protection upon their flesh was a meagre strip of metal. Heh … let them come … Father, let them come … let them do all they can …. At Stephen's feet lay a line of large logs that he and William's other men had sharpened into large spears. Well … it's better than nothing, thought Stephen … Jesus; would the English get their arses over here already? Everything appeared annoyingly dreamlike; the cavalry rapidly picked up their pace and their ringing war cries were heard ever louder and clearer, from within their helms. William lifted his arm, staring pointedly ahead of him. 'Hold …' he yelled warningly, as his men made to bend down and pick up the wooden spears. Faster and more fervent the cavalry charged …. 'Hold …' came William's voice again. Stephen fought all restraint to not open his mouth and scream with horror; this moment was the most frightening of his life! He did not fancy being impaled by an English lance. Oh the shame … 'Hold …' Oh for Christ's sake Father, strike William with some power so he can shoot the blasted logs from his own arse … 'HOLD!' Faster … and faster, the horse's charged, their hooves thundering across the plain. Tufts of grass, the size of human heads flew up in the air from their gouging impact … Stephen's eyes widened, old Roger grinned, yet suddenly he felt something brush past him; a little boy ran out desperately from the Scottish army. He brandished his little makeshift sword at the hurtling cavalry who were only metres ahead. It was Thomas.[Chapter 13] A/N: Wooo it's the battle of Stirling. My first time in writing about lots of carnage. Nice. You might need a box of Kleenex for this installment. Please review! Chapter 13 \" Courage is Tested\" 'THOMAS!' Roger's yell contained the first note of panic that Stephen had heard since they had reached the field. His stomach lurched, causing a swoop of worry to rattle through him. On impulse, he dropped his weapons and his legs started forwards, to scoop Thomas out of the cavalry's destructive path. But he had barely moved an inch when he felt someone knock his arm; Sean's lanky frame ran past and towards his younger brother in the field. The cavalry were only a few metres ahead of them! 'Sean!' screamed Roger, pulling his braids in horror, \"WHAT ARE YOU DOING!?\" Sean paid his father's desperate cries no heed; he kept on running down the bank, his lungs ripping with each breath. His dark eyes moved slowly from the hurtling horses to his younger brother, who had dropped his small sword in shock. He stood, a tiny figure in the vast field, frozen with fear. Sean quickened his pace; he reached Thomas, and grabbed him by the scruff of his neck, pulling him close to his chest. He tore away from the cavalry, as fast as his lanky legs could carry him back to the Scottish army. 'Go … run ahead,' he whispered into his younger brother's ear, 'your legs are faster than mine.' Without a second glance, Thomas slipped from his grasp and he pelted towards the Scottish army, screaming hysterically as he went. Sean hazily watched his younger brother evaporate into the crowd of Scots, and old Roger squeeze the young lad tightly about his neck. He stopped his feet. He knew he would not make it in time. The cavalry were barely metres behind him. His eyes snatched momentarily onto his shrieking father, his thick, hastily tied braids bobbing visibly above the Scots' heads. He was pointing his finger at him, motioning him to run forth. No. If he ran he would trip in his haste and fall flat on his face. He would not have the shame. Sean stood firmly on the ground and stretched out his arms, proudly imagining his last moments similar to that of his beloved Christ's upon the cross. Thud Thud Thud … 'SEAN!' Goodbye, my dear father … The cavalry barraged swiftly over Sean. But he felt no pain as the bloody blow to his head from the horse's hooves caused him to die instantly. A few bemused knights cast the lone Irish lad a look from beneath their helms, but straight ahead, a more daunting sight awaited them. A whole line of lethal-looking, giant pikes had appeared. They were held firmly by the Scots, ready to impale them. And the impact was catastrophic. Not one man heard Stephen's shuddering yell as he, and the rest of the Scots drove the pikes towards the cavalry. Everywhere he looked, knights were falling off their steeds back and horses were being skewered by the pikes like boars on spits. The air was stifled with their confused, terrified neighs and the angry shouts of their riders. The dazed knights were easily slaughtered as soon as they hit the ground. One brutish-looking knight fell towards Stephen's left, his helm skew-whiff from the force of the collision. They looked at each other for a second, when Stephen let out a loud war cry and ran furiously at his opponent. The knight failed to parry any of Stephen's vicious blows and soon, the Irishman slew the Knight by slicing his stomach. The man's body sank to the floor and Stephen observed the gristly destruction around him; all of the cavalry had been slaughtered, though many Scots had also. Their bodies lay strewn along the front line, soaked in a bath of their own blood. His thoughts hazily turned to Thomas; had the young boy got away? And of course Sean … that brave, brave lad. He felt a sharp blow to his shoulder and Stephen instinctively whirled, only to come face to face with Roger. He lowered his sword. 'Didn't see it all coming did they?' he growled at Stephen, who numbly shook his head. Roger spat on the floor, and wiped his face which was smeared with blood and blue Woad. 'What now? The bloody best part is to come: meeting the bastards upon the field.' 'Where is Thomas?' asked Stephen hastily as he wiped his blood-stained sword on his trousers. He noticed that the English generals were assembling their infantry and the Scots were gathering together to form a line. Roger blinked and licked his lips. 'He got away,' he said shortly, 'he got away.' Stephen chose not to press situation, as if from another world, Roger's face horribly reminded him of Connor's when his friend had learned that his daughters would no longer breathe again. 'Come to the front line will you?' bellowed a voice. Stephen looked up to see Hamish striding over. 'No point in gawking at the grass wi' a glaikit look on your face.' Stephen forced Hamish's meaty fists off his shoulders and silently made his way to the front, with Roger following closely behind. He glanced furtively at the old man and saw him wipe his eyes as a guise to smear away dirt from his face. Now is not the time to mourn … for the sake of her, Father, and my son Logan, I shall now drive my blade through the Englishman's flesh. I will block out all thoughts and laugh to see the Englishman squirm, cringe and suffer at my fee t… I will avenge, to fill up my aching thirst, I WILL avenge!. Jesus, how much it angers me Father! Stephen clutched his sword tight as he felt his hands begin to shake. Surely it must be unhealthy to even feel such venomous loathing? He had no time to ponder the notion. Across the field, Cheltham and the general uneasily observed their annihilated cavalry. Not a single horse or knight had survived and little damage had been done to decline the number of Scots. 'Send the infantry,' said the general, failing to keep the worry out of his voice. Cheltham raised his eyebrows in question, tightening the stirrups. 'My lord?' he asked in polite surprise. The general swallowed and pointed his finger at the assembled infantry. 'You lead them,' said the general, Cheltham blinked, 'do it now!' Cheltham started his horse forth and rode in front of the infantry. His hands shook slightly on the reigns as he saw the sight of the screaming Scots, bellowing their fearless war cries into the air. They then began to mill down the side of the bank, running fiercely towards the English. 'Get ready,' he ordered the infantry curtly. A few soldiers looked up at Cheltham, clearly frightened by the sight of the Scots. His face wrinkled in disgust, and with a sharp kick of the stirrups, he reared his horse and galloped savagely ahead of him. 'CHARGE!' By the resounding yell of men, he saw the English infantry swarm past him, splitting past his horse like streams of ants. There was a meteoric collision, as both armies violently tore at each other like wolves. The sharp, vicious clangs of swords being swung and the frenzied cries of men, ruptured the air. Stephen had never felt anything like it. So much murder, pain and death surrounded him. But he was not perturbed. It was as if he was being puppeteered by another being, as he unthinkingly hewed everything that wandered across his path. His hand was savage and crass and many unfortunate soldiers fell under it, even more so by the Scots, as they fought on … and on … against the English. A young English soldier sprang out of the chaos, yelling his war cries but Stephen caught him deftly by the hair and swiftly slashed the soldier's testes, then throat. Stephen then threw him roughly to the ground before he could remember the lad's face. Father, save me the guilt in future years ... He turned, and heard another agonizing yell; an old, Scottish man he recognized to be named Campbell had been thrown to the ground by a soldier, whose sword had clumsily chopped the old man's hand. Slash! Out of nowhere, another soldier grabbed Stephen by the throat, but he flung him over his shoulder and slit his neck. A fountain of blood spurted into his face, as soon as the man's body slipped limply from his grasp. By the sheer, intense grotesque might of this battle, Stephen noticed a horse ridden by an English general gallop past him. It was riding towards someone. Cheltham's eyes narrowed with anger and he held his blade firmly in his hand, ready to strike the man only metres ahead of him. It was William Wallace. 'BASTARD!' came William's thundering cry. Beset with rage, he sprinted towards Cheltham, kicking his horse and then knocking him off. Cheltham had barely reached for his sword before William furiously decapitated him. At the sight of this gruesome act upon an English general, Stephen swallowed back a feverish laugh which grew into an uncontrollable yell, out of fear or disgust, he knew not. Surely, the Almighty understood his ways? For right in this time-stopping moment, Stephen felt he had left his heart upon the shores of Ireland. Why though? Why was he thinking this when he was surrounded in the carnage he had chosen to join? Answers ... he thought feverishly, as his eyes snatched onto the bludgeoned skull of an Scotsmen ... Answers ... Stephen's breathing quickened but he snapped his gaze onto William. The man was looking up towards the hill; a flood of horses charged down it, and trampled into the fray. Many English soldiers were brutally squashed from the impact and many struck by the Scottish rider's swords. As if someone had turned the sound down upon the world, Stephen noticed that the screams were becoming less. He became more aware of his own person, and no longer fixed in a zombie-fied state of mindless, murderous joy and autonomous anger. Bodies ... bodies ... so many bodies. ... blood ... blood ... so much blood ... His foot stepped on something wet and unpleasantly squishy. When looking down, he realised he had trodden on a mutilated leg and beside it, a heart. His eyes widened and he staggered away in repulsion. A heart for Christ's sake! Someone had actually gone to the damn effort in gouging out someone's heart. From afar he thought he heard the distant yell of the general, over the battle. 'Retreat!' Blessed be ... they're going Father ... back to England with their tales between their legs... \"Retreat all of you I say!\" The scattered archers followed the general as he rode off, away from the Scottish army. It was over. The battle was over. Numbly, Stephen wove his path through the lying bodies to William, who was smiling up at one of the mounted Scottish nobles. 'Alright, there Mornay?' said William, grinning slightly. Mornay smiled weakly back, shaking his head at the fact they had won so capriciously. Stephen felt the same. Daunting as much as the English army had looked, adorned with their many fancy lances, horses and archers; the Scots had prevailed. And he had survived. Smattered in blood and dirt, tunic torn and skin slithered with cuts, he had still survived. His mind did not seem able to clench onto that acknowledgement just yet, for all of the Scots around him had looked skyward, as William slowly walked up the bank. The man stood stationary, surveying the remaining survivors of his army at his feet. A clear, legendary leader he looked, silhouetted against the dramatic backdrop scenery of the ancient hills, the billowing grey clouds … like the Kings of old … There's an eye opener no doubt, Father… and who'd of believed it … he lead us to victory. - - - - - - - - - - The sun beat down upon Meghan's neck, as she strolled through a small maze of well-trimmed bushes. She had to admit, the gardens of London Castle were a splendid place. Even though it was not yet summer and the place not ablaze with the rainbow of flowers, the countless evergreen bushes and trees offered the same luxurious splendour. There was some peace held within this place, her only company the leaves which gently waved in the morning breeze. Two whole weeks it had been before she learned that the English army had ridden to battle with the Scots, and yet strangely, the thought did not stab at her, even more so by the fact there had been no news of victory or loss. Nevertheless, with a smile, Meghan blessed this aspiration and her new careless attitude. She paused and laughed sadly. Her tears were spent, yet if there were anymore it would be out of self-pity. It was difficult to know that Stephen still lived, and that each day might be his last, but Meghan had never stopped hoping since she discovered he was alive. And despite the pain of Aldrich's murder, the hope she held for her Stephen fighter shone like a dim beacon in her heart … blocking out the darkness. With a short sigh, she perched herself on the edge of a bench and gazed wonderingly at a tall beech tree. A red robin sat on a branch, and eyed her curiously. It flapped its wings, fluttering to a higher branch, and then took off into the pale sky. Oh Stephen, she mused, staring at the now bare, wooden branches, For all that is good, I will find you .[Chapter 14] Daysngrew into weeks and weeks into months, and still no news of victorynor defeat. Latham had sailed to France with King Edward, and anhandful of Longshank's other closest advisors and councillors. Theynhad been gone for six months and it was six whole months later thatnMeghan was told the news. She chose to while away the days gardening;na pursuit the courtiers found most amusing. Why was she not stitchingnembroidery like good, well-behaved noblewomen? But Meghan didn'tncare. Sitting in a single room and stitching embroidery for hoursnupon end, was a form of torture. Evennback in Ireland, she was no seamstress. Anice had made most of herndresses. Meghan was a woman of the earth, and took pride in growingncrops and making the dinner. Thus, Meghan returned to her carefullynaligned bulbs one day, the morning sunshine warming the planes of hernsweaty face. Her red hair was hastily thrown back into a bun. Shenheard a voice. \"Goodness,nyou're still here? And I thought Harold the gardener had resignednwith shame, what with you watering the plants,\" it said. Anpair of leather boots appeared in front of Meghan. Shielding her eyesnfrom the glare of the sun, she looked up to see a young guardngrinning toothily down at her. \"Mynlady?\" he said, offering her his hand. Meghan took it wordlessly,nbrushing the dirt off her simple dress, to appear presentable.nBizarrely, she had gotten so used to be called 'lady', she rarelynquestioned it. 'Yes?'nshe said, running a critical eye over the youth. He looked familiar.nThe sandy hair, the cheeky grin stirred something in her memory … nof course; he'd been present at Longshanks' council, before thenKing had sailed across to France. But … what was he doing here?nShould he not be with his King? \"Inhave news for you,\" he answered, cutting Meghan from her thoughts.n\"About Stirling.\" Meghannraised her eyebrows. \"You do?\" \"Yes,nyou asked a few months back that you wished to be informed of itsnoutcome.\" \"Oh,nyes of course … well?\" She waited for the youth to speak, sicknwith nerves. \"Umn… well … the whole English army were destroyed, the Scots won,\"nthe youth answered in a faint voice. ThanknGod! Meghan fought hard not to punch the air, maybe he was spared!nPerhaps it was a good omen … it had to be! Knowingnshe was meant to be disheartened by the news, she arranged her facento an expression of sadness. \"That'sn… awful news,\" said Meghan, forcing out an angry sigh, \"bloodynWilliam Wallace.'\" She placed a hand on her hip and threw asidenher gardening tool in feigned annoyance. It clattered pathetically tonthe floor, squashing her bulbs. The young guard watched this, and allnof a sudden, burst out laughing. Meghannjumped. \"Now,nif that is how women release their temper then I'm worried,\" hensaid, grinning widely. \"Aye,nI seem to have squashed my bulbs,\" she smirked, glancing at herndrooped plants in mock grief. The young guard laughed vigorously,nearly morning sunshine illuminating his sandy hair. 'Whatnis your name? I remember seeing you at the council,' said Meghan. 'I,nyour fine ladyship am the great-great-grandson of Richard the LionnHeart. And for this, I sleep in a chamber encrusted with gold atnnight, though King Edward does not know, with angels ornamentednoutside of it. ' Meghanngave another laugh, knowing that this fool was mocking thenpretensions of formal greetings by the rich, who insisted onnrecherché detail, not because of their qualities but because of itsnsnob value. 'What'snyour real name, hmm?' Thenyoung guard dipped a small bow. Meghan quirked an eyebrow in slightnbewilderment. 'SpencernGriffin is my name; though short in height I am tall in mind. I amndreadful at singing but my literature is the best to find. Call menboastful, I simply care not, for proud that I am, among the staid,nroyal lot.' \"Enoughnblabbering, you idiot,\" laughed Meghan, swiping back a hair fromnher eyes, \"you're really annoying.\" \"IndeednI am,\" bowed Spencer, \"I have yet to tell you the other news.\" 'Andnwhat may that be?' 'Yournhusband, General Latham awaits you in the courtyard,' he said in anmonontonous voice. Meghan's heart began to race. She fixed a smilento her face, thanked the youth and left the gardens. It was a shamento leave her activity in the garden, Meghan thought gloomily as shenexited through a magnificent archway. She'd gotten used to thenincessant twittering of the birds, welcomed the hands of the morningnsun as it beat down on her face, the incoherent chattering of thennobles as they drifted past, the genial laughter of Harold thengardener as he sat languidly on his - alright maybe she had gotten anlittle too mad with the gardening. Thentemperature of the air fell dramatically as she entered the castle.nIts shadowy, stone coldness made the hairs on her arms prick up.nServants and guards alike drifted past, wraithlike, avoiding the sunnthat filtered through the high-raised windows. Meghannstopped and scanned the large entrance hall, waiting to see Latham'snround head come bobbing into view. \"Therenshe is …\" Twonlarge gorilla-sized arms materialised, forcing her into a stiffnembrace. \"Myndear wife,\" he said with a fixed grin, whilst casting the courtiersna wary glance. He waited till they had drifted through the oakenndoors, before speaking. Hisneyes flew back to Meghan. \"Why in God's name, are you wearingnthat?\" Latham hissed angrily into her ear. Meghan pushed him away,nbrushing off a lump of dirt which had attached itself stubbornly tonher waist. \"Answer me! What have you been doing all this timenwhilst I've been away?\" his round face began to redden. 'I –nI … in fact I would rather not know.' Meghanndropped her gaze. \"Nice to see you too,\" she mumbled glumly,n\"I've been gardening.\" Lathamnlooked as if Meghan had walloped his face with a saucepan. Henblinked. \"Gardeningn…\" he repeated weakly, ploughing a meaty hand distractedlynthrough his hair, \"God's bones …\" he sighed under his breath. 'Hownwas France?' Meghan prompted. \"Insuppose you're happy woman eh?\" he said, eyeing her beadily,n\"have you heard about the bedamned Scottish victory at Stirling andn–\" \"There'snan 'and'?\" cut in Meghan smugly; Latham shot her a nasty look. \"Yes,\"nhe said curtly, \"there is an 'and'. The Scottish rebels havensacked the city York in northern England. It was done savagely andnmany died,' he added dispassionately, \"many Scots that is, asnwell as English.\" Meghan'snsmile faded. \"Many dead?\" she repeated. Latham nodded, lookingnunconcerned. \"Huh! I don't care who wins this fight, Latham but Inknow he isn't dead – even though a battle has been won and Yorknsuccessfully taken. I'm still waiting to be reunited with mynhusband … which you promised.\" Lathamnlooked around alarm as she said this, flapping his hands a to lowernher voice. \"Shhh!,' he murmured, brown eyes wide, \"keep yournvoice down!\" Meghannobserved him coldly. \"Time'snticking. I will leave this castle-dungeon, if the confinement becomesntoo much!\" Latham'snred face turned an ugly puce. 'You'llndo no such thing!' Meghannfolded her arms and raised an eyebrow. 'Won't I? I won't beg onnmy hands and knees, Latham,\" she peered at him closely. The manntruly was evil. \"I will leave you to go about your planned dutiesnfor today. See you at dinner.\" Shenforced a stiff bow, brushing some excess dirt off her dress andnstalked over to a flight of stone steps. Her head felt oddly clear.nPerhaps she was too exhausted to lash out anymore … Latham gloriednin her despair. The man was a bastard. A true, and utter bastard …nif only Stephen was here. Meghan allowed herself a grin, pausing tonlean against the stone wall of the staircase. So many events hadnoccurred: the battle of Stirling, the sacking of York. Had hernStephen been present and fought alongside William Wallace? ThenScottish rebel felt like a guardian angel, protecting Stephen fromnthe English war machine and living a dream of long-awaited freedom. \"Protectnhim, Lord,\" she murmured, staring through a small window. \"Protectnthe fool.\" AndnI shall see you again, sooner, rather than later.[Chapter 15] A/N: Sorrynfor how drably this chapter is, but I just want to write aboutnStephen's emotions in this, and the Scot's as a whole. Hope younenjoy.Pleasenreview! ChapternFifteen OfnDead Sons and Fried Fish Thenbig, juicy fish was flumped onto the cuirass atop the fire.nImmediately, it began to sizzle in its own juices, emanating a rich,nintensified aroma. Thensmell made Stephen drool. Jesus; thisncertainly beat bloody conies, hunted in the wild. Henhad not smelt anything so fine; his slavering mouth was begging tonbite the fish's succulent body. Hensnorted at the thought and then chuckled at his being using armournfor a makeshift frying pan. Well, at least the English had some use. ThenScots had reached the jackpot, now that they had sacked York. Itsnpeople fled, its nobles dead and now under the control of WilliamnWallace. Well, he and the Scots had wasted no time in raiding thenabandoned castle, and to their delight, came across storeroomsnstuffed with food. And so, many like him were tucking into fine, fullnmeals. Fitnfor the rich, eh Father but my belly is as prosperous as the nextnpoor beggar. Henreached for a rusted poker and flipped the fish over. As he did so,nhe growled softly. Sacking York had not been a walk in the park, thatnwas for sure. Among the other Scots, as he held that bloody treentrunk, he had gained a nasty blow from a rock to the head. When henlooked up furiously, he saw a grinning Englishman, cowering beneathnthe ruts of the fortress. The man even had the audacity to wave! Stephenngrowled at the memory and glared at the Salmon. Bloodyncoward…I hope he got what he deserved … Hencertainly didn't. The remarkable bruise on his head was going tongrate him for days. He much preferred the cuts he had sustained,nsince joining Wallace. At least those wounds scabbed over. But no …nbruises had to remain ugly, garishly coloured and very, very sore. Thendeserted stable in which he sat still bore signs of a struggle duringnthe raid. Walls were dented, wooden beams splintered and hay wasnsplayed everywhere. Thenplace still smelt of horse shit from the piles in the corners and thenonly sound that could be heard was the buzzing of the flies thatnsmothered the faeces. Still, he preferred that than the furious andnagonizing yells of men which he had endured over the previous threennights. Oh, how his spirit felt weary at this moment. He stared atnthe Salmon, half-wishing it would rise up and speak words of wisdomnto him. 'Stephen?' Annenquiring voice was heard. Stephen jumped out of his reverie,nbewilderingly glancing at the Salmon but then at the small shadownbeing cast from the door. It was Thomas. 'Hellonthere, Thomas,' replied Stephen, stifling a huge yawn, 'come sitndown.' Thenyoung lad trotted over and sat before the cooking Salmon, eyeing itnhungrily. 'Fuckingnhell, that looks tasty!' he exclaimed, sitting up so he couldnexamine it closer. 'Language,'nchastised Stephen, half-laughing as he stretched, 'and I'll sharensome with you, as soon as it's done. Oi mind the pan!' Henleapt forth as Thomas stretched a finger to prod the Salmon. Stephenngrabbed his wrists and shoved the boy roughly to the floor. 'Don'tntouch it, you'll have your finger cut off,' he said. Thomas'njaw dropped, his wide, innocent blue eyes as round as saucers.nStephen chuckled. 'Nonmy mistake, I meant your whole arm,' Stephen laughed, humouringnhimself, 'we don't need you any more damaged from back atnStirling,' Thomas shuffled his feet edgily, bowing his head innshame, 'what were you thinking?' 'I'venheard this rotten sermon a hundred times! I was only trying to help.\"nThe young boy scowled and flung a stone at the wall in his annoyance.nStephen rolled his eyes, 'and …' Thomas looked up, 'you call that a pan?' Henpointed to the tarnished cuirass on top of Stephen's roughly pilednfire and his body quivered with giggles. 'Eh,nI don't see you being creative,' remarked Stephen, pretending tonlook offended, 'you can't even go somewhere without seeingnanything ten feet in front of you.' Thomas gave a noise ofndisbelief and threw a rock at him. Stephen ducked, though he neednnot; the lad's aim was hopeless. 'Yeah,nyeah,' sighed Thomas sarcastically, lying on the ground, 'whatevernyou say.' 'Where'snyour father?' asked Stephen, registering Thomas' lonesomencompany. The boy's leg twitched and although Stephen could not seenThomas's face, he saw the lad's body stiffen with distress. Afterna tense moment, Thomas looked up at Stephen. 'He'sncoming I think,\" he said, \"but Pa's not said a word since Seanndied.' Stephennstared intently back at Thomas, ignoring that the Salmon wasnbeginning to smell of charcoal. It tore him apart slightly as ansilent tear trickled down the boy's cheek. 'He'snstill silent then,' alleged Stephen, still gazing at Thomas. Thenlad sprang up and flumped his body haughtily opposite Stephen. Henwrapped his arms securely around his knees, bringing them close tonhis chest whilst glowering into the fire. 'Ayen… he's silent,' snapped Thomas, 'like a fucking ghost.' Henburied his head in his knees to stem the tirade of tears streamingndown his cheeks. Stephennwatched sadly, as the boy's body began to rack with harshlynsuppressed sobs. He was too young to understand that it was not ancrime to cry but at his age, Thomas did not want to feel weak.nStephen rose half-heartedly from his stool to comfort him, but as henexpected, Thomas moved away. 'Non…' he said thickly. He raised his tear-stained face and worked anwatery smile. 'I'll be alright.\" Henstared at the Salmon which had now shrunk twice its size. Stephennfollowed his gaze and forced a weak chuckle. 'Wellnwould you look at that …' he said, picking up the fish from thenpan and holding it between his fingers. It hung there pitifully; itsneyes staring accusingly at Stephen at how bad a cook he was. 'Englishngourmet' laughed Stephen, slapping the thing back into the cuirass.nIt landed with a sorry splat onto the metal's searing surface where it hissed angrily, engulfingnit back into a wave of heat. 'Wouldnyou like some?' Thomasngrimaced. ' No !' 'You'renmissing out on a treat,' smiled Stephen, flipping it over. He feltnstrangely amused with toying with its pathetic, flaccid state withnthe poker. Suddenlynthey heard trudging. Roger loomed into view and staggered into thenstable, flumping himself weakly beside a wall. He recoiled as hennarrowly missed sitting on one of the piles of steaming horsenexcretion. 'Mindnthe shit,' said Stephen airily, glancing sideways at Roger. The oldnman looked seriously woebegone. His beard had grown, and seemed tonobscure his face in a jungle of hair. Some of the revolting, thicknbraids from his head, had disappeared and the ones which remained,nseemed to droop as miserably as his bearing. OldnRoger gazed around him, as if Stephen and Thomas were invisible. 'Younnot going to talk?' asked Stephen sharply. Old Roger merely wavednaway his question. 'Thoughtnyou wouldn't,\" he growled, ignoring Thomas' frown at hisnbrusqueness. \"You finally crawled from the shadows, back to thenland of the living?' Thisnstatement seemed wake Roger up. He turned his head and stared atnStephen with bleary eyes, but he still remained silent. \"Didnyou fetch your son's body from the battlefield?' continuednStephen quietly, his hand poised on the poker. Roger ignored him andnbegan to hum tunelessly under his breath. Stephen sniffed in disgust;nwithout saying a single word he managed to radiate disapproval . . .nthe air seemed to grow heavy with it, and the most garrulous talkernwould wilt and fall silent. When still Old Roger did not speak, henforced his attention to the burnt Salmon, deliberately occupyingnhimself from not hitting the old man. Hendidn't have a single bone of bravery in his body! And this wasncoming from him, the man who had cleaned his dead boy's wounds,nthen buried him in a shallow grave. Andnevery night, in the darkest hours he would see the dark memories ofnhis boy's butchered body … blood everywhere … deep, unevenngashes streaked along flesh, as if Logan had been mauled by a rabidnwolf, not a man. Oh, he could go on for hours about the absolutenhorrors he had endured. But no, he would not let it haunt, prick,nprod and enslave him like it had done for four years. Henwas a fighter … a man of Eire … Valiantly,nStephen focused his mind on cutting the Salmon with a dagger, withnmore vigour than was necessary. 'It'snharder than you think, Stephen …' slurred a voice from theninfluence of alcohol. Stephen clenched the knife hard in his hand. 'Fathernyou're speaking!' exclaimed Thomas delightedly, springing up tonembrace his father but Roger waved him away. Thenyoung lad stumbled back to where he sat, looking hurt. 'Morenhard?' repeated Stephen, trying to stop his hands from shaking.n\"how hard do you think I cannthink it can be?' he slammed the knife angrily to the floor andnglared over at Roger. \"Do you think I've been living under anfucking rock all my life?' Roger'snface twitched. \"Sonnow you leave your son to rot on that field and to the mercy of crowsnand whatnot? Do you call yourself even a man ,nlet alone his father?' Stephenndidn't mean for his voice to rise so rapidly. He noticed that Thomasnwas observing him as if he had sprouted an extra head. Rogerngave a growl of fury and sprang up from where he sat, however hentripped over in his drunken state, and sank back down. Rubbing hisnback, he glowered over at Stephen. \"Ee,nmy fucking bones,\" he grumbled, scratching his spine with a bonynhand. His dark eyes then snapped onto Stephen's. 'I am a man,'nhe retorted, 'yet I distinctly remember you telling me ...' henpaused and licked his mouth, as if relishing the thought, \"thatn...you never retrieved back your wife's body from when your villagenwas raided, now that isncowardly.\" Howndare the man say it, Father … how dare he … the man who has beennrip-roaring drunk for three days … Somethingnin Stephen snapped. Blood began to pound and in his head. He grabbednthe skinning dagger and aimed it at Roger; it plunged to a quiveringnstandstill in a beam above the man's head. As he observed this,nstabbing, wily voices spoke in the corners of his mind … Hadnyou not turned to the bottle when your family died, Stephen? When younknew all was lost? Shutnup, shut up! Anynmention of M-Meghan or Logan is taboo, Father! It makes me so angry! Thennmaybe memories are still fresh, hissed the voices … Non… Father … Stephennplunged back to the present. \"Don't ever saynthat,' he hissed, eyes bulging slightly, as he forced all memoriesnbeneath their shroud. IgnoringnThomas' panicked squeals, he strode over to Roger, in half a mindnto give him a good kick him in the shins. But the old man merelyngazed up at him. \"Youngoing to do something?\" he said. Stephennstruggled himself for a moment, but in the end, said nothing. CastingnRoger a dark look, he moved over to the fire, and began to chop thenrest of the Salmon. 'Mennand their pride,' murmured Roger, coiling a grey hair in hisnfingers. \"Many that live, run from their fears and many that dienhave faced them. That's what Sean told me once,' a flurry ofncoughs brewed in his chest which caused him to double over. \"Itnsounded like a load of shite at the time, but now I understand. Butneven so, Sean was a burden.' Stephen'snbubble of anger ebbed away as he watched Roger closely, the old mannwas completely at sea with his thoughts. 'Whynwas he a burden?' he remarked heatedly, 'he was your son.\" Rogernsighed. 'Aye, he was my son. He was clever, good and scholarly …nyet a burden.\" 'Why?' Rogernfixed Stephen a beady stare. 'He was a sodomite.\" Stephen feltnhis stomach quiver uneasily. \"But still I ... I loved him, Insuppose. I did …\" he slammed his hand to the floor, beckoningnThomas to come over to him. \"Ah, fuck this I can't be botherednwith speaking all pansy emotional drivel. The boy's dead … so Godnbe with him.' Stephennsaid nothing but watched as Roger's wizened hand tenderly toyednwith his youngest son's hair. Outside,nthe evening sun was waning and it's golden rays beamed through thenupper rafters of the stable, dappling a festivity of colours againstnthe walls and ground. Yetnnot even Stephen felt comforted by this small, precious sight thatnthe sky was beaming. Henfelt a small twinge of emptiness, as Thomas' fell asleep in hisnguardian's loving embrace. Stephen knew he shouldn't feel jealousnbut in his heart of hearts he truly did. Observing Thomas was almostnstaring at a stark mirror image of himself. Strippednbare to the core, he was but a little boy, starved of emotion andnattention. And being an only man was not always such a good thing. -n- - - - - - - - - - - - 'It'sna wonderful evening.' Meghannswirled from her bedroom window and smiled at the maid who wasnsetting out tea and cakes. Meghan vaguely knew she was callednBathilda, a rather striking name of Saxon origin. The long streamingnblonde hair, hastily tied back from her heart shaped face was alsonanother dead give away. Bathildansmiled faintly. 'Yes, it is, shame the sky is not red. For red sky atnnight, shepherd's delight. Have you heard of that saying my lady?' 'YesnI have,' said Meghan delightedly, she had heard those very words fromnher mother many years ago. But her mother's soft mumblings were nownbut a strained whisper. Still ... the memory had brought anreminiscent smile to her face. 'Indo believe it to be true,' said Bathilda thoughtfully, pausing innlaying out a silk cloth, 'one day before I was to do the washing, Inlooked to the sky and thought of those very words. In the next hournthe sky hath turned red! And the next day it was as bright as any daynI could remember. It was lovely. Truly lovely, shame that word can'tnbe said for my King -' Shenclamped a hand to her mouth, ogling at Meghan. 'Forgivenme,' she breathed, 'please do not disparage me for saying that.' Meghannraised her red eyebrows. 'Of course not, God only knows I feel thensame.' 'Youndo?' replied Bathilda, looking astonished. 'Aye,'nsaid Meghan dipping onto the rim of the bed, fisting her eyes withnfatigue, 'though don't start mouthing it around. You love to talk itnseems.' Bathildangave a weak laugh and her cheeks flushed slightly. 'No,'nshe replied breathlessly, fanning herself. 'I won't. Well, I hopenthis all you need, don't hesitate to call if you need anything ...ngood night my lady.' 'n'Night Bathilda,' droned Meghan, sinking back into the covers. Shenshut her eyes and immediately, sleep consumed her. By night she wasndreaming of climbing a hill of dead Englishmen, to reach that mannatop of it. Topnof Form Reviewnthis Story/Chapter Bottomnof Form[Chapter 16] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Ugh. Hideous amounts of coursework needing to be completed before Easter holidays which start on Wednesday. Nevertheless, I'm glad I've completed this chapter ) yes … this is where s pice can be added into the plot, good idea is it? Please review and I shall proceed to chapter seventeen – where things are not what they seem. Bless – E.S -- as an extra note, Meghan's attitude to homosexuality is what was reckoned back then – 1300's Britain Enough said ; ) Chapter Sixteen \" A Folly Idea?\" The atmosphere in the dining hall was claustrophobic. Between Latham and an old, thin-faced lawyer, Meghan sat stiffly on the rim of her seat, before a plate of meagrely sliced chicken and bread. It was hard to eat and raise a fork, lest she be stabbed in the eyeball from one of Latham's beefy elbows. The man was happily immersing himself in eating his much larger portion of chicken, freshly off the bone (with sound effects that would want to make a pig turn off its swill). The old lawyer was no exception. Despite his eating habits being the opposite, he was hunched over his plate and carefully slicing his chicken into small, identical sections as if he was operating on a wound. And when he swallowed, his Adams apple would rise to the surface like a mutated ankle, as his throat muscles constricted, forcing the food down .This rather gruesome process was refined with a pursed sip of ale. Well these manners were certainly new to expect in the King's dining hall! The long dining table was garlanded with lord, ladies, lawyers and ladies in waiting, dressed in their rich attire. And sticking out like a livid sore thumb was the King, sitting next to a weedy-looking young man. Megan presumed this could only be Longshank's son, the second Edward. Both men had the same shifty eyes; Longshank's were steely focused on Edward however the young prince's were scanning the table anxiously, as if he was searching for somebody …perhaps a man… Meghan had heard the rumours and if truth be told, it did not surprise her. The man was … well … this whisper of a human appeared almost androgynous. the thought of his being with another man made Meghan feel quite unsettled. Nevertheless, she was not concerned about these aristocratic affairs. Yet, as soon as the young prince's eyes coolly regarded her as he looked around the hall, it was hard to forget his presence. Meghan quickly studied her untouched chicken; the prince certainly had a way of making others feel lowlier than him … probably a trait he's got off his father … and too right, she was as royal as the muck in the stables. Yet he didn't know, the young prince … how innocent he looked next to his scrutinizing father. Edward looked as if he was about to faint as his father's steely orbs burned into him. He was the very picture of a lost child. What with his pristine golden hair haloing his head, making him appear like an elongated cherub and uncertain smile faltering on his face. This was England's future … even to Meghan's own standards she felt like snorting into her dinner at the thought. The lad did not have a clue, especially about the real world, save the fancy clothes on his back. With that nervous, breathless look on his face, it said it all. Grudgingly, she felt herself agreeing with Longshanks … no wonder he despised his son. 'Eat,' mumbled a voice in her ear. Meghan jumped, nearly knocking her drink over the wizened lawyer. Latham's narrowed eyes loomed down at her. 'Eat something,' he repeated, reaching out to spear her chicken with his own fork. Meghan pushed his arm firmly away. 'Off of my food,' she said reproachfully, 'I will eat it …' 'Mind that accent of yours …' growled Latham under his breath, 'eat your chicken, you're embarrassing me … Two hours you've just sat there, only supping your soup. Is that how my wife behaves?' 'No,' Meghan whispered coldly, 'I'm not your wife, remember?' Latham nearly choked on his goblet and his eyes bulged with warning. 'Shut up will you?' Meghan sighed and sank back into her chair. Her eyes snapped onto Longshanks who was duelling with a stubborn vegetable. 'How long has it been now?' she said, 'Four months since we learned about York and nothing has happened. What is to happen? What am I to do?' Latham shrugged, leaning back as his empty plate was taken by a maid. They flashed Meghan's untouched plate a reproachful look as they collected it, bumping deliberately into her head as they swept past. 'Cease whining like an ungrateful child,' hissed Latham leaning forwards so no-one could hear them. Meghan could smell the whiff of ale strongly in his breath. 'You must learn to be patient, I have been enquiring about opportunities that might lead us to Wallace but nothing so far of the sort, save the next time the King decides to go to war,' Meghan opened her mouth to speak, '- but until that time you are here.' Meghan shut her mouth and shrank away, glaring at Latham. Their discussion shrouded by the curtain of Meghan's auburn hair draping in front of them. 'I have been patient,' she hissed back through gritted teeth, 'so patient but you have not been around to see it. I don't think you're making an effort enough to find out how to let me go.' Latham cackled softly. 'I would not say no more,' he said to her, his eyes flashing, 'don't you remember the reason as to why you are in London? A certain killing … of a defenceless man … ' The blood drained from Meghan's face and a leap of guilt and fear prickled inside her. 'Don't speak of that,' she remarked quietly, though she was in half the mind to pour her goblet over Latham's head for his cruel daring, 'you covered for me and nevertheless my actions had not been intentional – ' '– save me the sob story,' Latham cut in sharply. They both leant back as elaborate platters of succulent food were placed carefully on the table, by an army of maids and servants. 'Bon appetite!' one ruddy faced servant said, bowing himself out of the room. Longshanks laughed nastily, and he glanced at a beautiful woman sitting two sets away. Her pale face was set in stone and she was staring mournfully at the table, not even flickering at the King's disparagement. This had to be Isabelle, the wife of Prince Edward. Meghan chose not speak. It was very hard to, for a shower of eager hands were reaching past her to collect food and dump it on their plates. She watched Latham stack his copiously with pork and vegetables, feeling slightly sick. 'Load your plate,' he muttered. 'Stop speaking to me like I'm a child,' said Meghan quietly. Unthinkingly she reached for a section of pork … so much meat. She did not feel in the mood for eating. Not now that Latham had brought up the fragile subject of Aldrich's death. She had refused to contemplate on what was occurring in that other universe … back in Ireland. Maybe they had had Aldrich's funeral and Alden, who must be nearing six, had watched his own father being buried into the ground. And what had they told him of his mother? Meghan dreaded to think. She felt cold at the thought of what lies and stories the maidservants might have concocted into that little boy's head. Indeed she had sinned, the blade had been driven straight through a deluded and defenceless man … and what was this? Remorse? Or just self pity and guilt? Shame even … but either way, she would remain a murderer. Please don't hate me Lord … - - - - - - - - - 'You're wife certainly entertained us this evening. How did she know all those remarkable stories? It is a wonder.' Longshanks smiled blandly at Meghan, as she and Latham reached the door. It was the end of the evening meal and Meghan had become considerably tipsy. Though it had not been reckless, she had counted various stories of what she had been told many years ago to the interest other diners. Most had seemed amused, even captivated and Meghan had to admit: she had loved the attention fired her way. Yet now as her brain became as sober as sand, her brief spell of elation evaporated at the very sound of Longshank's voice. 'Thank you sire,' she replied, curtseying. She saw Latham give her an appreciative nod. Swine. 'Good night your highness,' nodded Latham politely. He clamped his hand onto Meghan's, forcing her to turn with him and leave the dining hall. It was well up in the dark corridors before he spoke to her. 'Now …' he growled, 'my little sausage, you nearly risked everything tonight because of your own desires. Most reckless. Not good. No more mentioning about the deal or else, I am getting sick to the back teeth. Understood?' Dumbly, Meghan nodded her head. Latham let go of her hand and stalked off down the corridors at a careful pace before he was swallowed up by the darkness. She watched the spot where he had dissolved and felt disgusted as she realized her eyes were burning. 'No, don't cry,' she moaned to herself, slumping against the wall, 'don't cry. I am not helpless …' Clank clank clank. The sound of quick footsteps echoed resoundingly off the walls and Meghan hastily wiped her eyes, her cheeks burning with the humility of being threatened. The footsteps were just around the corner, heading her way. Before she could move, gleam of metal armour became illuminated by the orangey light of the brackets. It was Spencer. Meghan gasped but threw a frown at his direction. 'What are you doing?' 'About to ask you the same question,' said Spencer, coming forth. 'What?' snapped Meghan, becoming increasingly annoyed at his candid interrogation 'keep out of things which don't concern you.' Spencer shrugged. 'I would find that difficult, I've heard enough. Yet I still feel worried about you.' Meghan rolled her eyes and leaned one hand against the wall, observing him scornfully. ' You don't have to feel worried about me?\" 'Yes I do. You've been crying, have you not?' 'No I haven't!' exclaimed Meghan, laughing loudly in disbelief but she knew she was not fooling anyone. Spencer raised an eyebrow. 'What is this I hear about your \"own desires\"… ' he said silkily, relishing in the shocked look on Meghan's face. 'You little swine, you've been eavesdropping!' 'Oh yes,' grinned Spencer, 'and spying. A hushed voice at the King's dining table is most suspicious. We are vaguely friends yet noblewomen do not garden – ' '– For my own pleasure– ' Spencer ignored her and continued. ' - nor associate with the guards, especially on friendly terms. You are uneasy in the presence of others of an upper class and you seem to despise it… I am not correct - you are not Latham's - ' 'SHHHHH!' Meghan scurried to Spencer and put her hand over his mouth. She felt him laugh smugly into her palm. She withdrew, her eyes searching his face for any sign of ridicule. Why the little … yet Could she trust him? Had he told anyone? No … he wouldn't … 'Come with me,' she muttered. 'And stay quiet, help me God.' Gladly, Spencer took her hand and allowed himself to be lead. Meghan knew where she was going … her own quarters. There she might get some privacy at least; save if someone placed a goblet on the door to eavesdrop. They entered the room, the fire welcomed them with the waves of dancing flames and Bathilda had already laid out another tray of tea. Spencer wandered in and surveyed the cosy room admiringly, whilst setting himself snugly on a stuffed, burgundy armchair beside the fire. He watched patiently as Meghan restlessly paced the room, wringing her hands and murmuring unremittingly under her breath. 'A nice room you have here. A room for one?' he pressed her. Meghan abruptly stalled and gawked over at Spencer. His sandy head shining like a beacon next to the firelight. He waited for her to speak. 'There's no use denying it,' Meghan said dolefully, 'you're an annoyingly sharp person.' 'Shrewd is my middle name, yet I play at no cost or game. Straight to the point is what I intend, finding an answer in the end,' said Spencer, smiling aloofly at his own rhyme. 'Shut up with the riddles, you're no Wiseman,' answered Meghan, waving a hand distractedly through the air, 'I will go to the point,' she paused and gazed into the fire, mulling over her thoughts, 'I will answer your question, and you must not interrupt me' she released a protracted, fretful sigh and sank back into the chair, 'the answer to your question is that I am not the wife of Latham… ' And so for the past hour, Meghan recounted the long, infamous story to Spencer, perhaps the only soul in a long line of many a dark years to actually sit down and listen. It was not as hard as Meghan had deliberated; yes it was tearful as the memories came back to light but inside she felt as if a great block had been shifted off her chest. Suppression had not always been a wise move, and the more it built up, the greater the block had become. Spencer had been a good listener, he had not patted her on the back at fragile moments nor continuously murmured vague, patronizing replies such as: 'oh dear,', 'goodness me.' By the end of the explanation, Meghan was on the edge of her seat and gazing into the fire with a sad wistful smile plastered to her face. 'And so now I feel incredibly restless that I must stay here, trapped and confined to wait for the day for my departure to be \"rational,\" Latham's services to Longshanks have been extended now that Wallace has come out in the open. I don't know what to do!' She narrowed her eyes at a large log in the fire which was being engulfed by flames. Spencer gave a weak smile. 'Of course you don't' said Spencer.'So you're Irish. Brilliant, I love your folk, bizarre accent yet very hearty and certainly love their drink. I have known them but not of the Scot's' he added musingly. 'I am only young but what General Latham has concocted on your part is very selfish. He has kept you with him like a prisoner. Why don't he just let you go and look for your husband yourself?' 'Your guess is as good as mine' said Meghan soberly. 'And - I don't know if Stephen is alive or not after the battle. But I can never stop hoping now after all these years.' She bowed her head and Spencer observed her with concern. 'Not many souls have chosen to walk in the garden of your yearning and sorrows. The King himself is fuelled on his hatred and greed, disregarding the ways of Aquinas and throwing it to the dogs. Nothing is ever a just war anymore, both on the battle and between peers. No wonder Scotland is in chaos.' 'Your'e a clever lad' she said. 'Nobody I've met can speak like you.' They shared a small smile. 'I'm a fool' said Spencer heavily. 'We're both fools' said Meghan meaningfully. 'A fool for love. If only I could just speak to Stephen - a rumour that would just reach his ears about me - ' she broke off as Spencer put up a hand, his face shining with inspiration. 'Then write him a letter,' he said, 'and explain about everything which has happened.' Meghan deflated, 'I can't read ... or write.' 'No matter, I could write it and you tell me what to put.' 'I don't know. It would seem suspicious that is your hand and not mine,' she said slowly. 'He would know it was your voice, being spoken in the letter,' said Spencer. 'Well who would deliver it? It's a folly idea – ' 'Oh my goodness! That's it!' cried Spencer leaping up from the chair as a thought struck him. Meghan stared at him, taken aback. 'What? How's the incapability to deliver the letter going to solve –' grumbled Meghan but Spencer cut across her. He paced the room, breathless with glee at the thought. It all fitted so perfectly … it would be just like the tales of old concerning kismet of two lover's feat… 'General Latham, the bastard has not told you this but in a few weeks the princess Isabelle is being sent to Scotland, York to talk with William Wallace and I am to go with her and a handful of other guards. No wonder she looked so glum. If I was to ask for a Stephen McKenna, in some way … I would have to endeavour it but he would receive the letter.' 'Oh ... but there are thousands of Scots with him - ' 'Clans are very well connected' said Spencer. 'I expect very few Irish are among the Scots at the moment.' Meghan sober face changed into a wide smile. 'Genuis boy!' she said, standing up. 'You would send this letter for me?' 'Yes,' said Spencer. 'But it will be risky.' She flung her arms around him and murmured incoherent \"thankyou's\" into his shoulder. Spencer felt very relieved when she finally let go. 'Now' he said. 'We need to write this letter somewhere ... private. Away from prying eyes.' 'The stables' answered Meghan straightaway, wiping her eyes. 'Left side on the courtyard.' Spencer's face was crumpled in thought. 'We could ... ' he said, stroking his chin. 'Very well.' 'Meet me at twelve tomorow' said Meghan carefully. 'And make sure you go unnoticed. I will be hidden.' He gave a firm nod assent. 'Very well. I will be there.'[Chapter 17] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Chapter rewritten. Lazy Chestnut helpfully noted that Longshanks appeared too much like a \"common villain\" so hopefully he doesn't seen so in this chapter. Even though he was plain evil in the film XD Anyway, review and enjoy! Chapter Seventeen Written Letters and Hushed Whispers A shady figure scurried furtively across the courtyard. Their hooded head glanced left and right before they hid from view behind a stable door. Panting, Meghan leaned against the wall and allowed to gather her senses. The smell of horses filled her nose. It was nearing twelve, and Spencer ought to be on his way any minute. To pass the time, Meghan settled herself on a bundle of hay, hidden from view and began idly picking at her nails. The lad mustn't be late. There was a creak. A flutter of wings across the stable suggested somebody had entered. Cautiously, Meghan craned her head above the fence she was hidden by. To her relief she saw Spencer walking uncertainly down the stables. 'Here,' whispered Meghan, waving a hand. Spencer saw it and wandered over, his fist holding a clenched scrap of parchment, a small leather box and a battered quill. 'Good, you made it,' said Meghan distractedly as she scraped back her red hair. She felt Spencer's uncertainty, and this struck her as ominous. Had someone seen him? 'We ought to do this quick,' murmured Spencer. Meghan nodded and urged for him to start writing. 'Where to begin?' she said, glancing wistfully ahead of her. She paused momentarily as she watched a blackbird fly out of rafters into the morning sun. \" ' My dearest Stephen\",' she began as Spencer scratched away, ' \"one who writes this letter is a friend of mine but it is my voice which speaks. I am alive my love. After that night I was taken to an English Lord for his prize. Life was dark and I bore a bastard son. But after four more years I managed to escape and I returned to our village, only to discover you had sailed to Scotland. I was forced to return back to the fucking Lord due to a threat but I could only take so much. Knowing that you lived, I ended up killing the Lord. I then travelled to London with the lord's general, Latham to inform the King. I am pretending to be this general's wife and he promises me that I will see you soon - but I am having my doubts. So I send you this by my friend. I wait for you always. My love has never wavered, it has driven me thus far, Meghan.\" ' Meghan paused and glanced at Spencer, waiting for him to finish writing. He then folded it and sealed it with wax. 'Thank you,' said Meghan, 'is it all in?' Spencer nodded silently and packed away the melted wax and candle into the box. He snapped it shut and looked seriously at his companion. 'I leave for Scotland on the morrow, Meghan …. It won't be easy but Stephen will get this letter.' Meghan observed him long and hard. Overwhelmed with gratitude, she wrapped her arms around the young lad and pulled him close. 'Thank you,' she said to him, her voice muffled with tears. 'May God go with you. Be careful, love.' ---------------- 'I bring surprising news, your majesty.' A cruel, cutting voice rang out in the King's throne room. Latham stepped from the shadows, his eyes dancing with a mirthless malice. Longshanks lifted his head. 'Which is?' he rasped, as he idly caressed a goblet of wine. 'I have been informed that Meghan is to be sending a letter to her peasant husband, when Princess Isabelle travels to Scotland.' 'Who told you this?' enquired Longshanks, sitting up in his throne. The dim candlelight shone across his face. 'Hamilton … he overhead a discussion between Meghan and a young soldier named Spencer four nights ago.' 'Spencer? He is that swine of a boy who interrupted my court. It was wise of Hamilton to tell you,' sneered the old king, ignoring the wheezing coughs which brewed in his chest, 'if I had my way that Eire girl would be slaughtered for her heresy. Murder of an English Lord is a high crime.' His face then split into a malevolent grin and both men started laughing. It rang out ominously across the cold walls of the chamber. 'I saw it coming,' said Latham, 'for years I had given Aldrich what he had deemed my counsel, but in the end it weakened him. It broke him. I persuaded him to make Meghan's guard. She began to trust me … I learnt much, so I took advantage of her disdain towards Lord Aldrich. On the night he was killed, I persuaded him to sleep with her. Of course, that woman is as predictable as night and day and she murdered the old fool. But the main reason for her actions was that she knew her peasant husband was alive. Anyhow it is no matter, for it still allows me to replace Lord Aldrich – it was agreed between you and me, I would be granted his title.' Latham swept over and stood beside the King. Both men exchanged pleased looks. 'Precisely,' replied Longshanks thinly, toasting Latham's remark, 'you are a man ... of honour and fine cunning. You have done well in covering this murder and biding your time,\" his lips quirked into a smile. \"What is your plan for the Irish girl?\" 'She's not my concern,' said Latham remorselessly, 'and this Spencer will be arrested when he reaches Scotland,\" he risked a grin, \"he's a fool, sire.\" 'Yet courageous for willing to help this girl?' insisted Longshanks, eyeing Latham with his steely eyes. 'Not in the slightest, your majesty,' said Latham curtly, accepting a goblet of wine from the old king, 'but if this Stephen knows the contents of this letter, then so will Wallace. He will get the impression we are holding this Stephen's wife captive,' his voice dropped a level, 'and what if Wallace knows of the Irish conscripts and the French mercenaries whom you assembled?' Longshanks studied Latham's serious face for a few moments. 'He will not know. Sending the wife of my son, to beg a truce I am partly sure he will accept the generous er … offerings,' said Longshanks lightly, 'if not then it simply gives us more time for our summoned troops to land ashore.' 'Forgive me, sire but Wallace will not accept. What ought I to do with Meghan?' 'Dispose of her any way you wish …' Longshanks said listlessly, tracing a thumb around the hilt of his goblet, 'The boy will be arrested in York. But should I bring him back to London?' 'No,' answered Latham, a ruthless smile curled his lips, 'bring him as far as Nottingham. Bring the Irish girl too and both will be hanged for their treason.\" Longshanks gave a sharp laugh but this transgressed into throaty coughs. His grasp on the goblet slipped and sloshes of wine poured onto his tunic. Latham stepped forth to help, but the old king waved him away. 'Leave me, Latham,\" wheezed Longshanks, thumping his chest with his gnarled hands. For a moment the coldness left his eyes, and worry flashed through them; he was dying … steadily dying. He immediately abandoned these thoughts, and looked up at Latham with a slick smile. \"You toy with your victims,\" he said slowly, between suppressed coughs, \"certainly I do, for this is where her foolery … has brought her. Both will die at the nick?\" Latham's face simpered at being asked for an opinion from his King. It boosted his blind hope that he would gain more than wealth from Longshanks; the King's esteem was worth a thousand estates and hereditary titles. \"Yes,\" he replied steadily. \"They shall.\" He raised his goblet. \"To King Edward, Hammer of the Scots.\" Longshanks laughed wheezily in appreciation and both men clanked their goblets together in toast.[Chapter 18] AUTHOR'S NOTE: Updated and rewritten. And I know this chapter is very looooooooooong and a bit drabbly. But I'm now back in my \"Braveheart muse\". Please review, constructive criticism … even better! Chapter Eighteen York. The North. It was wilder than the flat lowlands of England, each field and plain of grass was dominated by spiraling rivers, springs and hills rising from the ground like giant mole hills. Spencer's wonder about the Scots grew as he rode alongside the Princess' carriage. He had heard the men had red hair, wore kilts, painted their bodies blue, showed their buttocks in battle and won victories, even without the need of heavy armour or cavalry. Their tactics maybe primitive but Spencer couldn't help but feel admiration towards these wild warriors. On the fifth week of marching, he overheard his commander Hamilton state York was only a mile ahead. Spencer, along with a few soldiers he knew, swapped relieved smiles. He wondered what state the city would be in now that Wallace had sacked it. Would it be burnt? In ruins? Would the Scots be cooking the bodies of their victims on spits? He suppressed a laugh at this thought, having heard it voiced from a naive solider earlier. The Englishman's perception of the Scots was detestably laughable. 'Halt.' Hamilton's voice rang out and Spencer glanced up and saw the carriage stop. He then looked at where his fellow comrades were staring – York. To his surprise, the city remained untouched, there was not a soul about save for a group of grubby men standing outside the walls, wearing what appeared to be a skirt. So these were the Scots. They eyed the congregation closely and one suddenly shouted - 'William! William, a royal entourage comes, flying banners of truce, with the standards of Longshanks himself!' Spencer felt a swooping sensation in his stomach and his right hand clenched Meghan's letter. Vaguely he moved into a line with the other soldiers, outside an ornate tent where Princess Isabella resided and watched as the great oak doors of York opened. A tall man with feral, red hair walked over to them, flanked by two other men – one burly the other with dark hair. Spencer couldn't help but stare at Wallace as he passed him, rather than rigidly looking ahead like the other soldiers. His heart was drumming madly. He needed to get that letter to the man who had now disappeared through the tent … But he would have to wait. Wait for the meeting to finish and for the soldiers to be unsupervised. Then, when night fell, he would slip away … He realised his palms were sweating and he caught the glance of the man with dark hair. He observed him great dislike through narrowed eyes but Spencer looked away … he couldn't blame the Scots for their animosity. He stood for what felt an age. The Northern English air seared his face and his cheeks had turned bright pink. Finally, Wallace immerged and walked back with the two other men to the fort. - - - - Night came, but Spencer was wide awake. The Princess was deep in slumber in the tent after weeks of travelling, guarded by the other soldiers. But he was about to abandon his station … Careful not to make any noise, he put down his spear and cloak and moved silently away from the back of the tent. Luck seemed to be on his side because the gates of York were only a short distance away, facing him. The grass was wet and Spencer blessed the dampness that muffled his footsteps. As he edged closer into the cover of some trees at the foot of the fort, he heard the noise of loud drunken yells nearby. There was an orangey glow in the sky, which suggested a few fires had been lit. Heart pumping, he crept stealthily along the walls, feeling irresistibly of an assassin. There had to be a door somewhere he could enter … Suddenly there was a source of noise to his left – ' And surely you'll be your pint stowp And surely I'll be mine, And we'll drink a richt guid willy waught For auld lang syne!' Spencer flung himself behind an overturned cart, as two men meandered past, singing in a strong accent with flagons of ale swinging in their hands. When their rowdy voices faded, he peeked through a gap in the wood; all was clear. Now was his best chance to sneak in and find an entrance. Spencer stood to his feet, (wrinkling his nose at the stench of excretion piled onto the cart) and began to follow a short distance away from the singing Scotsmen. \"Celebrating already …\" Spencer thought dryly as he was brought to a small door. He watched from the shadow of an oak tree, as the rowdy pair staggered through. After a few tense minutes, he crept out and slowly opened the door – Sharp barks rang in his ears, and Spencer felt as if his heart had burst from his chest. He whirled around; a large hound was tethered on a beam next to great hoards of ale and food (some rotten) in an empty room. 'Shhhh' hushed Spencer hastily but his appearance had been alerted. The shadows of men danced on the door as they came to inspect the disturbance … 'Will ye shut up!\" came a loud yell. The door banged open and Spencer made to dive behind a barrel but he was too late. 'Oi! You! Thief!' a large, well-built man stood in the doorway, glaring at Spencer who shook his head. 'No …' said Spencer, patherically attempting the strange accent he had heard only briefly. 'No, I'm not a thief … I – I came to pet your - ye dog!' 'Liar' snarled the Scotsman and he strode over and dragged Spencer out by the scruff of his neck. 'Bole donnae need weedy rogues like ye smothering him. Find your own food in this fort. This is mine.' 'Alright, alright,' grumbled Spencer, fumbling to get loose. 'I'll find me own.' He was flung outside onto the street. When he peeked up, he saw that he wasn't alone. Two fires had been erected where half a dozen Scots sat around, all looking at him. 'Sorry' said Spencer, putting up a hand and trying to smile. 'Nothing to worry about.' They shook their heads and resumed back to their conversations and ale. Spencer couldn't believe his luck; he was now in the heart of the fort without being discovered … but he hadn't found Stephen or William Wallace. Cautiously, he approached one of the fires. 'Er – do any of you – ye, know where I can find a Stephen McKenna … aye?' A thin man with wild, grey hair sitting nearby peered suspiciously up at him. 'No, ne'er heard of him.' 'He's Irish,' said Spencer, remembering what Meghan had told him. 'Quite tall, black hair … er - speaks to God a lot? Likes his drink?' A look of comprehension seemed to dawn on the old Scotsmen's face. 'Och! Aye, the mad fellow. I know who he is. He's friends with William would ye believe it … but why would ye want to seek him?' 'Well, I have a letter from his wi–.' '- THERE HE IS! RUNAWAY CUR!' The doors of the fort flung open and Hamilton and another commander marched angrily through the doors. 'Come back here, boy!' Spencer blanched and began to run but was grabbed swiftly by Hamilton's fist. He was wrenched up close to the commander's furious face. 'Thought you could get away, eh?' Spencer shook his head violently. 'No, no … I don't - donnae know what you're talking abou -.' 'That's the worst Scottish accent I've ever heard, lad,' snarled Hamilton. He let go of the collar and Spencer fell hard to knees. Pain soared through him, feeling as though he had fractured both his kneecaps. 'You know who I am and I know who you are. Come with me.' A few Scots had risen. \"What's the meaning of this?\" growled the old man, Spencer had spoken to. \"Kidnap! Lies! Under false pretences of a truce!\" The other Scots roared in assent. Hamilton smiled unpleasantly. \"This boy is one of our own,\" he snapped, pulling Spencer roughly to his feet. \"No he's not,\" snarled the old Scotsman, \"he knows about a friend of Wallace's, that –\" \"I assure you old man, he is one of ours,\" Hamilton snarled. \"He is a sneak. Good day to you.\" He began to drag Spencer forcefully past the fires, yet in this struggle, Spencer didn't realise that the letter had fallen from his pocket into the depths of a murky puddle, unnoticed, nearby … 'What's going on?' footsteps clattered from the fort and a familiar tall man with red hair appeared, his sword drawn. Wallace's brilliant blue eyes swerved the scene, to Hamilton and the English commander clutching Spencer to the few Scots who had stood with their weapons half-drawn. 'Nothing to worry about' said Hamilton in his seedy voice. He looked at Wallace with the faintest trace of a sneer. 'Your men can continue drinking; we've had a spot of bother with one of our own .This here fellow has been arrested for sedition.' The commander whacked Spencer in the face and he felt the hot wave of blood spurt from his nose. 'I see' said Wallace coldly as he watched this. Spencer stared up at him. Now was his only chance. 'William,' he said, panting heavily. 'I – I have a letter for a … Stephen.' Wallace frowned. 'What?' he asked, in surprise. 'What kind of letter?' 'A letter,' he swallowed. 'From his wif- .' '– The lad lies, of course,' leered Hamilton, kicking Spencer in the back so that he could speak no more. 'He is notoriously troublesome among our men for making up tall tales. He will not trouble you further.' With a curt nod, Hamilton left, forcibly dragging Spencer with him, his limp legs carving small tracks through the murky ground. Spencer knew when they were outside the fort, because the hot air from the fires had vanished. Blearily, he could make out the white tent in the distance and the murmur of confused voices. 'Now,' said Hamilton above him, in an oddly calm voice. 'I think you have some explaining to do.' Spencer didn't answer. 'Silent eh? Nah you don't need to explain anything. I know about the little trip you made to that Eire girl in the stables. I know you've got a letter for her husband.' At these words, Spencer slowly looked up at Hamilton. 'How?' he managed to gasp. 'You listened?' 'Very good, boy,' smiled Hamilton. 'You should have been a bit more careful to where you pick secret hideouts. Now, Spencer Hinton, I am arresting you and your little Irish friend for high treason against the King. It's the nick for the pair of you.\" - - - - She was blindfolded, being led roughly down a stone-flagged passageway. Her footsteps and moans echoed off narrow walls. Sewage, excretion and the sound of low murmuring filled her senses. Meghan had no idea where she was. And she didn't like it. Not one bit. Her energy had deflated from attempting to escape her nameless captors but that had earned her nothing but a hard beating across the head and back. Her body sagged with pain and the gaoler who was dragging her down this dim corridor, was showing no signs of mercy. \"Get off me,\" she moaned, weakly trying to free herself from his grasp. \"No,\" was his obvious reply. His accent was broad and different from the South. His hands were squeezing one of her sore arms, and she automatically stopped. \"Keep moving, love\" he muttered, \"you're nearly there.\" Meghan didn't have the energy to argue and began walking. \"Where am I?\" she mumbled. \"Nottingham cells.\" Cells? Meghan's breath got caught in her throat. \"I – I don't know why you'd want to bring –\" \"Course you do,\" the gaoler overrode. \"Latham's orders,\" he pushed her along as one of her legs gave way. \"Got arrested for that treason dint' ya? You and that boy Spencer, with that letter.\" His voice grew weary … he sounded almost bored, as if he was used to prisoners complaining on a daily basis. The again, Meghan childishly reminded himself that he was. \"And now you're 'ere.\" Meghan's blood ran cold. How did he know about Spencer? 'Spencer? ' she gasped, turning around so forcibly her head collided with the gaoler's bald one. 'Watch it' he growled. He released an arm and Meghan whipped off her blindfold. 'W – Where is he?' she asked him anxiously, pulling away. His potato-shaped head was best viewed from afar. 'Alive …\" he grunted. \"For now.\" Meghan didn't even choose to reply, his answer confirmed her worst fears. She allowed herself to be frogmarched through the winding, gloomy passageways of the dungeon. On the way, she finally got a view of the place: the cells were small and crude; emaciated prisoners chained to the walls, stared balefully as she passed, Some muttered incoherently, others grudgingly ate the stale bread given to them and a couple of prisoners didn't even move at all. She gathered the worst. She would surely meet her death in this place – In her haze of misery and angst, she heard the gaoler declare - 'Here we are; a nice cosy cell.' Cosy, was of course the wrong word. Her grey eyes swerved the cell in question; it was no larger than a cupboard. The walls were coated with grime from a thin stream of water, emitted from a crack in the ceiling. 'Hold still' muttered the gaoler, as he clasped a pair of metal shackles around her arms and legs. The weight of them forced Meghan to fall to the floor, and she landed with a small moan, banging her head against the wall. The gaoler ignored her. \"Please,\" Meghan croaked as the gaoler turned to leave. \"Can I have some water?\" To her utter surprise, the gaoler paused at the door and regarded her. \"Maybe,\" he grunted. He glanced shiftily around and strode over, retrieving a small cloth from inside his tunic. \"Here,\" he muttered. Meghan stared at it; was he actually giving it to her? \"Well take it,\" he said impatiently, flapping it in Meghan's blank face. She took it with shaking hands and murmured thanks. \"It's not much,\" the gaoler said, \"just try an' keep warm …\" he strode to the door and looked back, \"… and keep your wits about you, going mad s'the last thing you want.\" Meghan shifted about and nodded, wrapping the threadbare cloth around her white shoulders. She was touched at his gesture but couldn't find the words to murmur her gratitude. With a last nod, the gaoler grunted and slammed the barred door shut. It encased the dingy cell into pitch-darkness, and Meghan sat slumped and still as a dead person against the wall for hours … her mind lost at sea in a miasma of darkness. ------ It might have been the third, or the fourth (Meghan couldn't tell) that she properly moved at all. Her body ached, her mind ached and the ability to do anything was a chore. Yet one day, she ignored the pain and allowed her thoughts to surface. Anger. A deep and ugly anger bubbled for Latham. He'd lied and betrayed her, knowing that she would do something to contact her husband. Everything that had happened to her since Ireland was because of him … the needless attack on a village, dragging her carcass back as a prize, forcing to marry an old man so that she would kill him. And in doing so, he General Latham would not be blamed and would take up the title and power. She had become an unwonted pawn in a sick man's game. If it wasn't for Latham she would be back in Ireland in the arms of her Stephen. And wee Logan would be alive … \"The bastard,\" her dry lips whispered. \"THE BASTARD! FUCKING TURNCOAT! LOOK WHAT YOU HAVE DONE!!?\" Her voice screamed out savagely in her cell and she punched the wall. It earned her nothing but a sharp pain, creeping up her arm. Cursing colourfully, Meghan tried not to think, but even that hurt. \"No…\" she slurred to herself, her head lolling against the wall. 'Don't … think …anymore.\" She shuddered, and tears stung her eyes. And for a whole hour, she wept for Stephen and her family. All was lost … - - - Tap tap tap A small scuffle was heard. Nay, Meghan surely believed she was imagining it. Probably water … Tap tap tap … the sound continued. It was needless, annoying and pointless because everything was lost. Meghan glanced down from her reverie of misery, and saw small stones being pushed away from the wall. Curiously, she slowly moved over and watched. More stones were moving, gradually getting bigger until a small hole was produced. Swallowing, she cautiously peered through the hole and saw the interior of another cell identical to hers. Shadows moving about the walls indicated it was occupied. \"'lo?' Meghan called croakily through the hole. She hadn't realised how dry her throat was. The movement in the cell stopped and a wide grey eye appeared, blocking out the cell. 'Bread?' said a weary hoarse voice. It sounded familiar. \"Have you … any bread?\" Meghan's heart skipped a beat and she quickly sat up, as if her body had suddenly found the use of its limbs. \"Sorry,\" she croaked back. \"Is … is that you Spencer?\" \"Yes,\" Spencer's body seized into a fit of coughs. \"How do you know my name?\" \" Oh Spencer!\" Meghan shifted her weight onto her knees, rapid tears streaming down her cheeks. \"It's me - Meghan.\" \"Meghan,\" repeated Spencer dolefully. There was a short pause. \"… you alright?\" \"I – yes,\" Meghan said tremulously. \"Spencer,\" she pushed her lips right against the wall. \"I am so … so sorry.\" Spencer sniffed. \"It's no matter. We all die.\" \"We're not going to die,\" Meghan murmured, ignoring these blunt words. She began to shift more loose pebbles with her long fingers. The hole grew bigger and she saw half of Spencer's pale, dirtied face. \"Empty words,\" Spencer grunted, from beyond the wall, glancing at her two eyes which were visible. \"' Been 'ere two bloody weeks and a half. Stinking place full of shit. I failed to send your letter by the way … Hamilton knew - .\" \"– I know,\" Meghan breathed, alarmed at Spencer's lifeless tone. \"He overheard. Latham, Longshanks, Hamilton … they all knew. Latham had planned all of this so that he could replace Lord Harrington. Spencer … are you hurt, love? I - I shouldn't have gotten you into this mess, I – I feel - \" \"Shurrup will ya?\", groaned Spencer, lifting a weak hand to stem her emotional tirade. \"It doesn't matter. ' Been here … too long to have women winging. Been tethered along a carriage for four days, tortured …\" he sighed and threw a stone and Meghan saw bloody holes on his hands, where nails had once been. \"… questioned … beaten … humiliated. Only comfort is to think, then you know you're not going insane.\" There was a long pause. The realization crashed over Meghan; she felt ashamed of herself as more tears stung her eyes. Everything was her fault. She was the one who deserved to be punished. \"I was arrested in London,\" she mumbled. \"And brought here.\" \"To be questioned alongside me.\" \"Mmm.\" Meghan stared at her hands. The prospect of being dragged into a cell on death row was one she that she was able contemplate with much dread, but there was nevertheless a certain awkwardness in the air, now that she feared more for the life of Spencer than her own. What do you say to someone who had risked everything to help a common Irish girl to find a husband, on enemy ground, who had been missing for four years? \"Did you see him? A tall man, short blackish hair … scrubby beard?\" She peeked through the hole at Spencer's form. His face was deadpan, hard to read, but inside his head his thoughts were whirring. Had he not seen a man of vague description accompanying Wallace to the tent? Dumbly, he nodded. \"I think. He glared at me when I looked at him.\" \"Aye, that's him.\" Meghan cracked a smile, actually felt her mouth pull into a grin. She could remember that look on Stephen's face whenever a man glanced at her way back in Ireland. \"Do you know what's going to happen, Spencer?\" she murmured, gazing at the part of Spencer's face she could see. He nodded. \"I'm sorry Meghan, but we're for the nick.\" ---[Chapter 19] A/N gosh, I've not uploaded for millennia. Sorry for this short chapter, but it is key for part of the story and I thought I would write it from a different angle. Please review! Disclaimer: I don't own Braveheart. Chapter Nineteen: Dirty Dealings Watery sunlight poured into the counsel chamber, illuminating Longshanks' gray beard and the contours of his lined face. He was restless; pacing up and down the hall, forming plans and schemes in his mind, but each felt as futile as the next. Never, had he encountered such a scoundrel. The heathen was like a parasite, sucking all the grandeur from his reign. Suddenly, he heard the murmur of a gown and the dainty sound of footsteps. Isabella appeared, wearing an expression of fixed politeness. He stopped pacing. \"Ah, my son's loyal wife returns unkilled by the heathen,\" he asked in gravelly tones. \"So he accepted our bribe?\" Isabella fought to smile. \"No, he did not.\" The smile on Longshanks' face vanished, to be replaced with a very ugly expression indeed. It was what he feared. \"Then why does he stay?\" he mused, more to himself. \"Bloody Scotsman. My scouts tell me that he has not advanced.\" The slant on Wallace made Isabella smile. \"He waits for you at York,\" she said baldly, suppressing the derision she longed to hurl at the old King. \"He says he will attack no more towns or cities, if you are man enough to come and face him.\" She gauged the old King's face closely, expecting to see it blanch with fury to be challenged by a simple 'heathen.' However, Longshanks gave a steely smile, revealing yellow teeth. \"Did he?\" he leered, wandering to his table where a large map was placed before his councillors. They cast the King looks of covert apprehension. \"The Welsh bowmen will not be detected arriving so far around his flank. The main force of our armies from France will land here to the north of Edinburgh. Conscripts from Ireland will approach from the southwest to here.\" In the shadows, Isabella's young husband appeared looking pale and confused. \"Welsh bowmen, troops from France, Irish conscripts,\" he said. \"Even if you dispatch them today they will take weeks to assemble.\" Isabella focused on her hands, but grudgingly agreed the young prince had posed a valid point. Duly, she dreaded the answer, especially when Longshanks smiled again with predatory glee. \"I dispatched them before I sent your wife,\" he answered. Isabella snapped her head up. She couldn't believe her ears! Such dirty dealings! What kind of a King are you, if you can not even call yourself a man, Longshanks? Wallace could outsmart the enemy through cleverness, but this sly, wicked monstrous King was in a league of his own. Isabella glanced at Nicolette. The maidservant smiled gently, to placate the anger writhing within her lady's chest. \"…So our little ruse succeeded,\" Longshanks continued, dragging Isabella from her thoughts. \"Thank you. And while this upstart awaits my arrival in York, my forces will have arrived in Edinburgh behind him,\" suddenly, he turned to Isabella and she fixed her expression to submissive politeness. \"You spoke with this Wallace in private? Tell me …\" he paused, moistening his lips. \"What kind of man is he? The question caught Isabella off guard. As her shock ebbed away, she realised - with mounting horror - how the king had used her. \"A mindless barbarian, not a king like you, my lord,\" she lied. My Lord. Bile coated her throat at these words. She eyed Longshanks closely, praying her answer would suffice. Fortunately, the old king merely nodded. \"You may return to your embroidery.\" \"Humbly my Lord,\" she replied, with subtle indignation. Dipping a stiff curtsey, she turned to leave but Prince Edward called: \"You brought back the money, of course?\" She froze, her cheeks aflame and feeling disgusted at the selfish greed the young prince possessed. \"No,\" she answered. \"I gave it to ease the suffering of the children of this war.\" There was an outbreak of laughter, but no-one laughed harder than Longshanks. \"Ha! That's what happens when you send a woman!\" he guffawed in wheezy tones. He supported himself against the table, thumping his chest violently. Isabelle waited for the mirth to subside, though she noted the fast decline in Longshanks's health. Even though she did not wish anyone dead, Isabella hoped the old King would become too weak to face Wallace … Then, she would tend to her pathetic, weak-minded husband. - - - - \"Dogs!\" exclaimed Isabella quietly. \"All of them … filthy, English dogs!\" Isabella was sat in her chamber before her vanity table. Her cheeks were flushed with anger, and consoled in the presence of her handmaiden, Nicolette who stood close. \"Is there anything we can do, Miss?\" Isabella looked at her pale reflection for a moment. Silently, she turned to Nicolette, her eyes bright. \"We must warn Wallace of Longshanks' scheme,\" she said in a voice throbbing with emotion. \"Longshanks cannot win.\" Doubt clouded Nicolette's face. \"That is too dangerous, Miss.\" Isabella sniffed. \"I am well beyond caring … If you think you can win, you can, Nicolette, faith is necessary to victory.\" Nicolette bowed her head. \"I have the same faith you share for Wallace.\" \"I know,\" Isabella swept from her chair and embraced her handmaiden. She was more of a friend than a servant - a light in these dark times. \"I know,\" she said in a strained whisper. \"I wish there was something I could do …\" \"Perhaps we should wait,\" Nicolette offered, patting her lady's shoulder. \"We don't know what the King will do next … so … my lady?\" she looked at Isabella, but the princess was deep in thought. Her eyes were focused on a scroll of parchment, lying on a desk. \"My lady?\" Nicolette prompted, though she vaguely knew what her mistress had in mind. It was a foolish idea. \"My lady,\" she said, as Isabella crossed the room to sit before the desk. She uncorked a bottle of ink with a flourish. \"My lady, what are you doing?\" \"A moment please, Nicolette,\" Isabella murmured as she feverishly began to scratch away on the parchment. Nicolette could only hover, wringing her hands in thought. A few minutes passed, and Isabella motioned her handmaiden to come hither. \"Nicolette, do you love me?\" Nicolette stared; the French princess' beautiful face had an infectious, blazing look to it. The candlelight haloed her dark head. \"You know I do, my lady,\" Nicolette answered. \"How can you say – ? \" \"I was just testing,\" Isabella cut in, smiling tremulously. She pressed her fingers to Nicolette's, subtly placing a thin scroll of parchment into them. \"Will you take this to Wallace on the morrow?\" Her voice was a whisper, wraithlike, but Nicolette caught each word. \"Will you?\" It was what Nicolette deemed. A dangerous, but brave idea. She didn't know how much more of her mistress's despair she could stand. \"Oui. I will, my lady.\" ","Summary":" Revised with my beta. Stolen Kisses A lithe hand twisted itself in the hair of the man sleeping. Si"},{"Movie":"Braveheart","Title":"Fairheart","Author":"Ginger89","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/3972888","Passage":"[Chapter 1] I love Braveheart, andnbeing of Scottish descent, the story has always intrigued me. This isnmy effort to retell the story portrayed in the film, and add my ownnlittle twist to things Sadly I do not ownnBraveheart or anything connected to it, however Alaine Campbell is mynown creation. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part I The wool wrapped aroundnAlaine's eyes itched. She carefully shifted her weight, freeing onenof her hands. She slowly raised her hand and slipped a finger undernthe blindfold. The rough fibers caught at her skin, but finally thencloth was shifted so that it no longer bothered her. Just asncarefully, Alaine slipped her hand down and back behind her. She was suppose to benthe Scottish princess captured by English knights. Alaine hated beingnthe princess. Being the princess meant she was blindfolded and had tonlie in the hay in the lean-to behind her father's croft. It wasnunfair that Hamish and William got to run around pretending to be thenEnglish knight and the Scottish warrior, battling for her. Alainenwanted to be the warrior and let one of the boys be blindfolded andnleft in boredom. \"Arrrggh!\" With ancry the door to the lean-to burst open. Alaine twitched, wishingndesperately to see who her rescuer would be. She could feel one ofnthe boys drop into the hay beside her. \"Don't worrynPrincess. Tis me, William. I've coom to save yee.\" William'snsmall hands reached behind Alaine and pretended to untie bindingnropes. Alaine struggled to sit up, hay drifting in the air aroundnthem. She tugged at the blindfold, finally free of the confoundingnthing. William beamed at thenmessy princess, his blue eyes gleaming with the excitement of annadventure. \"See Alaine, I've saved yee. I killed Hamish, an herenI am.\" Alaine sighednfrustratedly. \"Thank yee William. Can I be the warrior next? LetnHammish be the princess. I doon't wanna be the princess any more.\"nAlaine's tone strayed into whining with her last words but thenaffect was lost on William. \"You, be a warrior?nThat kin never happen. You're a girl. Girl's doon't fight.\"nHis face screwed up, trying to comprehend the thought of a femalenwarrior. \"Fine then. You annHamish can play alone. I'm goin' inside.\" Alaine huffed andnstruggled to her feet. Without one last look, she stomped out of thenhay pen, brushing dirt and dust from her skirts. \"Oy, where might younbe going?\" Hamish had been outside, lying on the ground, hisn'sword' lying to one side. \"Here, you be thenprincess.\" And with that, Alaine threw the blindfold at her brothernand stormed into the croft. Alaine spent the restnof the day sulking inside. She ignored any of her mother'sninquiries as to what was bothering. Her mother just shook her head.n\"Tis your bright hair. You carry your father's hair and hisntemper, you and your brother both.\" The day had been a rarenone when Da had traveled to another croft conducting business of somensort, leaving Hamish and Alaine at the farm, with nothing to do afternhis chores were finished. William's father and brother had gonenwith the elder Campbell, and so had left young William at thenCampbell croft for the day. It was some time after dinner when thenthree men returned. Malcolm Wallace exchanged quiet words withnAlaine's Ma before carrying the sleeping William with him home. Hamish had fallennasleep some time before, but Alaine had stayed up, waiting for hernfather to come home. This business of not being able to fightnbothered her. If Hamish and William were allowed, then so should shenbe. \"Da?\" Alaine creptnfrom under her blankets and came to stand by her father's side. Hernmother glanced at her, a scold rising to her lips, but after seeingnthe child's face, she kept the words inside and turned back tonfixing her husband's meal. \"Come her LittlenBit.\" Da reached down and lifted Alaine to his knee. At seven yearsnshe was still just able to fit on his lap. \"Come and tell me what'snbothering you.\" \"Ham and Will always make me be thenprincess. I hate being the princess. I wanna be the warrior instead.nBut Will said girls canna fight.\" Tears came to Alaine's eyes.nShe desperately wanted to be included in what Hamish and William werenallowed to be. Da through back hisnhead and laughed. Alaine loved it when her father laughed for itnsounded deep and rich, and it made his eyes sparkle with some hiddennjoke. \"So my Little Bitnwants to fight then.\" Da seemed rather taken with the though. \"Ham. Don'tnencourage her. Malcolm's boy is right. Girl's don't fight.\"nAlaine's mother turned and set a bowl of stew down in front of hernhusband. \"We wield needles instead of swords. We fight with wordsnand looks, not with weapons. Hamish Campbell, I swear if you startnteaching her how to fight, I will leave you before the next morn.\" \"Gerda, now don'tnstart with me. You know as well as I do that Aliane is ill suited tonneedles and the like. Why she's burnt everything when she's setnher hand to cooking. And she's going to need to know how to fightnwith her mouth. You've heard the things that have coom out of therenbefore. Besides love, that business of mine today. Well things aren'tnlooking good. The Lords are meeting with the English tomorrow, and Inhave my doubts about the whole thing. We're going to have to fight,nand it's going to take all of us to do so.\" Da sat back slightlynwinded. That was possibly the longest speech he had ever made, butnthe shining look in his daughter's eyes made it all the worthnwhile. Gerda hung her head.nShe knew when she had been beaten. \"Fine then. Teach hernto fight and then see what becomes of her when we canna find hernsomeone to marry.\" It was settled then.nAlaine would be trained in the art of war next to her brother. Butnupon the next day the Scottish Lords were betrayed and were killed.nThe Highland crofts rose up including the Wallaces and the Campbells.nWilliam was left to tend his father's croft and to keep an eye outnfor their return. His father and his brother returned, but instead ofncoming back on horses they rode off on, they came lying in the backnof a wagon, slain by the English. The English tightenedntheir rule over Scotland, preventing any further uprisings. Thenpatriots kept their movements secret and their cause was kept silent.nWillaim was led off by his uncle to parts unknown. Alaine and Hamishnwere trained by their father, just as he promised. Time passed and freedomnbecame a passing thought. It grew dormant in the people's hearts.nIt began a long game of waiting; waiting for the one to wake it oncenmore and lead the people to victory……[Chapter 2] Sadly I donnot own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell isnof my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is thenproduct of my wildest fantasies. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part II \"Is that tight enoughnfor you?\" Alaine leaned over her friend's shoulder, tugging atnthe ends of the newly plaited hair in her hand. Murron wiggled her headnslightly. \"No, they're perfect. Thank you Alaine.\" She reachednup and tucked a loose hair behind her ear. For all her faults, Alainenwas a stead fast friend who's deft fingers were good not only fornshooting arrows but for braiding hair as well. Alaine secured the endsnof the braids and smoothed her hands down Murron's hair. She enviednher friend for her long shining hair. Murron had smooth hair of thenrichest brown color. Alaine let out a sighnwithout any notice. Murron, however, did notice. \"Why the sighnsister?\" Alaine turned from hernfriend and peered down at her visage, waved and broken in thenpolished disk that they used as a mirror. \"Tis nothing.\" Murron knew better.nAlaine was very good at hiding her feelings from others, but the twongirls had grown up together on their family crofts, and despitendifferencing personalities and duties, the two were as close asnsisters. \"Don't make me dragnthe words from you Alaine, tell me what is pressing upon you.\" Alaine turned to facenher friend. She knew it was useless to pretend nothing was botheringnher. It wasn't the fact that something was bothering her, it wasnwhat was bothering her that caused so much distress. Alaine hatednanything that made her seem weak, foolish, or overly womanly. \"It's just, that….nI feel foolish for feeling this way, but you are much prettier thannme Murron. I hate this. I hate dressing up, but yet a part of menloves it.\" Murron let out anbreath, a smile hinting across her lips. She came to stand by Alaine,npeering over her shoulder, watching the two of them in the bronzenmirror. \"Alaine, finally,nyou're acting like a woman. It is in our nature to want to look andnfeel pretty. And besides, I am not so much prettier than thou, tisnjust our looks differ. I have brown hair and pale skin, but you haventhe prettiest copper hair I have ever seen.\" Murron paused for anmoment, studying Alaine. Murron, herself, was wearing a dress of thenlightest blue over a white kirtle while Alaine had borrowed her greenndress, having nothing of her own to wear. \"Here, Alaine, leavenyour hair down for the wedding. You look so much more prettier if youndo.\" Murron reached up andnwith a deft twist of her hands brought down the mess of braids thatnkept Alaine's hair out of her eyes. She undid the plaiting andnsmoothed her hair out, combing the snarls with her fingers. \"When was the lastntime you combed your hair out?\" Murron inquired. Alaine laughed, low andnsoothing. \"I have no time for fripperies between Da's secretnmeetings and training with Hamish. Now come on, stop fussing over menor we'll be late.\" Many years had passednsince that day when a young Alaine had clambered up to her father'snlap and begged to be trained as a warrior. In the ensuing yearsnAlaine had gotten her wish. The underground movement againstnLongshanks and the English needed everyone who was able to help.nPlanning and meetings took up much of her father's time and it wasnrare that her brother, Hamish, and herself were far from his side.nThe family croft was left in the very capable hands of Alaine andnHamish's mother, Gerda. Finally, if only for anday, the clandestine was put on hold. Liam Morrison was to be marriednto Ceana McGlover. Murron and Alaine had grown up with the two andnwere very excited for their two friends. Murron's fathernescorted the two young women to the wedding. They rode in the back ofnhis wagon with Murron's mother. Gifts of linen and flowers werenpilled in the back as well. For the past twonSundays, the banns had been announced in the village commons. Todaynthe final announcement would be made, along with the weddingnprocession and finally the actually wedding itself. Afterwards anlarge celebration including feasting, games, and dancing would benheld all night and well into the next day. Murron and Alaine spentnthe time traveling, gossiping and giggling. Alaine had little chancento do either with the company that she normally kept. She loved thatnMurron understood her and her conflicting natures. When the MacClannoughsnand Alaine arrived at the village, people were streaming to thenmiddle of the village, to the commons. Ribbons and garlands of earlynflowers decorated every house and were hung in the trees. As Alaine,nMurron, and Mother MacClannough made their way through the outskirtsnof the village, they could see the tables and benchs set up for thenwedding feast. The ancient priest wasnmounting the large rock that sat in the middle of the commons. As henteetered, trying to gain his balance, the crowd grew silent, all eyesnon him. He cleared his throat and began: \"It is intended thatnLiam Morrison take as his wife, Ceana McGlover. I publish the bannsnof marriage between Liam and C.D. Ceana. If any of you know any causenor just impediment why these two persons should not be joinedntogether in holy matrimony, ye are to declare it. This is the thirdntime of asking…..\" He paused for a momentnand then motioned for Liam and Ceana to come out in front of thencrowd. The two lovers made their way somewhat sheepishly. Liam looked handsome innhis best tunic and kilt. Ceana had a garland of fresh flowers in hernhair and a matching one in her hands. As she and Liam took theirnplaces in front for everyone to see, Ceana reached out and placed thensecond wreath upon Liam's head. A great cheer rose from thosenpresent. The wedding couplengrasped hands and turned to follow the priest. The rest of the crowdnfollowed. The parents of the two lovebirds came behind them, followednby close friends and family members, Murron and Alaine included. The services, one innScottish, the second in Latin, seemed to fly by. It appeared that innno time Liam and Ceana had exchanged wooden wedding bands and hadnshared in their first kiss as husband and wife. The two lead thencheering crowds to the open field where the feasting and dancing wasnto be held. Some time later duringnthe midst of the feasting, a whisper arose from the wedding guests.nAlaine at first paid it no mind, but her ears pricked up when shenheard in hushed tones \"Willaim Wallace has returned!\" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Author's Note: I havenno idea about Ceana and Liam's real names; they are simply Morrisonnand Mrs. Morrison in the credits for the film. They are two of mynfavorite characters and I think their brief moment during the film tonbe one of the greatest love stories. Please read and review, but nonflames.[Chapter 3] Sadly I donnot own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell isnof my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is thenproduct of my wildest fantasies. Thanks tonJess for being my first reviewer : ) I'ventaken a little bit of artistic license in an effort to betternincorporate Alaine into the story and to try and keep the chapters atna manageable length. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part III Alaine's head jerkednsharply. Little William Wallace back again. Well, she supposed, henwould be little not longer. He'd probably gone and grown up likenthey all did. She turned and surveyed the crowd, searching for hernold friend. \"Oy, what's thisnnow? Yee better watch where you're treading, you've stepped on mynfinest pair of boots.\" Alaine sighed. Shenrecognized that rough growl anywhere. It belonged to her eldernbrother Hamish. He was just as, if not more, hotheaded than herself.nHe had their father's gleaming red hair and burly attitude. Alaine shoved herselfnaway from the table she had been sitting at. She knew not where hernparents were, but the least she could do was protect whomever hernbrother was quarreling with from Hamish's temper. She shoulder her waynthrough then throng that had gathered to watch Hamish and the tallnstranger. Cor was the stranger handsome, and Alaine only had a viewnof his backside! She looked him up and down. Firm calves, a strongnback, a mane of tangle brown hair that flowed down, and an arse tonpraise God for. Alaine could not help but to smile. Alaine struggled freenfrom the crowd and made to go to her brother but a strong hand on hernarm stopped her. She whipped around to come face to face with hernfather, the elder Hamish. \"Hush now daughter.nLet Hamish and Will have it out.\" Alaine's mouth openednin surprise. The stranger was William Wallace. Well he certainly hadngrown up. The stranger turnednaround, surveying for a likely looking rock. Truly he was William!nAlaine could see that now. He little resembled the boy he once was,nbut his bright blue eyes were the same, and the hint of mischievousnpeaked around his lips. William went first. Hentook a short running start and let loose his stone. The thing archednslightly before falling quickly to the ground. Alaine let out a snortnof derision. Not only could she throw better, but her brother couldncrush him with one throw. Hamish went next. Hisnstone flew over the heads of the crowd and landed much farther thannWallace's did. \"That was a goodnthrow.\" William admitted his defeat. \"I was wondering if youncould do that when it matters. Could you crush a man with thatnthrow?\" The crowd became stillnonce more. Here was William Wallace taunting Hamish Campbell. Nothingngood ever came from taunting a Campbell. Hamish's face turnedna bright red, never a good sign, for it meant his blood was up. \"Aye I could crushnyou like a worm.\" He bent down for a large, heavy rock. Wallace just beamed hisndevilish smile. \"Well do it then.\" He strutted a few paces out innfront of Hamish and waved to the crowd. Alaine silentlyngroaned. Even if her brother didn't smash Wallace with his stone,nhe certainly would with his fists. \"You'll move,\"nHamish boasted. \"I will not.\" Da bent down to whispernin Alaine's ear. \"A coin says that he'll move.\" Alaine leaned back tonaddress her father. \"I'll take that bet old man.\" Hamish grunted and tookna few steps back. Alaine could see his arms strain with the weight ofnthe stone. With a cry he began running forward, lifting the rock up.nSuddenly the stone was free and hurtling through the air. Alaine watch breathlessnas she watched the stone spin through the air. It was quite a featnthat Hamish managed to launch it so high. Her breath whooshed out asnthe stone sailed right over William and landed quite a bit behindnhim. Loud whoops and cheers erupted from the crowd for Wallace hadnnever flinched. Da let loose his deepnhearty laugh and clapped his daughter on the shoulder. \"Well done,nwell done Wallace.\" He slipped his fingers into his belt pouch andnwithdrew a coin. \"Well done as well Little Bit.\" He handed thencoin to Alaine. Wallace was not donenyet. He snatched up a small stone, gauged the distance and let loose.nThe crowd as one followed the path of the stone and winced as one asnthe stone struck Hamish across the forehead. \"Hamish!\" Alainenleaned forward to determine if her brother would survive or not. Da let loose anothernlaugh. \"Fine display, young Wallace.\" He made forward, pushingnAlaine ahead of him. The elder Hamish and William clapped hands andnpulled each other into an embrace. Alaine bent over hernbrother. As strong and as hardheaded as he was, he was often morenclunk headed than anything. \"Are you alright? You look a wee bitnshaky?\" Hamish stared up at hisnsister, not quite focusing on her. \"I shoulda remembered thenrocks.\" Before Alaine couldnpuzzle out what he meant by, William lightly pushed by her. \"Ayenyou should have. Get up, ya big heap. It's good to see you again.\"nHe pulled Hamish up and into a huge hug. Hamish looked sheepishnas he wobbled in his friend's arms. \"Aye welcome home. Now let mendown.\" William laughed and letnHamish loose from his arms. He turned and studied Alaine. \"Now I would say thatnyou be Alaine Campbell. But you cannae be, for I remember her as anteeny girl with braids, and you are a far sight pretty than shenwas.\" Alaine blushed and laughed at her old friend'snflattery. \"Aw you great big lump, tis me alright.\" William laughed againnand swept her up into his arms. \"Well then. Little Alaine hasnbecome all grown up.\" \"Let me down you oaf.nI see that you've gotten taller, but you nae grown up any.\" Willaim chuckled andnset Alaine down. \"Now tell, me is that the fair Murron I see overnyonder?\" Alaine glanced over hernshoulder. Murron was standing with a soft smile on her face, her eyesnseeing only William. She looked up at William. The same smile was onnhis face and already Alaine was far from his mind. \"Aye, go ask her forna dance, I'm sure she'll grant you one.\" Alaine's smilenslipped a little. Already Murron had captured William's interestnand Alaine hadn't even been given the chance to try. She sighed asnWilliam left her with a pat on her shoulder. Murron had been dreamingnof William ever since they all were small children. It was only rightnthat this should happen. \"Come on you.\"nAlaine reached down and helped her brother up once more. \"Lets gonget you cleaned up.\" Hamish tossed one armnaround his sister's shoulders. \"Would you believe that? Williamnback again. I'd thought he was never returning. It will be good tonsee smoke from the Wallace croft once more.\" Alaine began coaxingnher brother to one of the tables. Blood was running down his face. Itnwas a shallow cut, but it was bleeding more than one would thinknwise. \"Soldiers!\" A sudden cry brokenthrough the merriment. Alaine's head whipped up, her bodynautomatically tensing. From the path through the village came thensound of hoof beats. At once a large group of orange clad men roundednthe corner. The English had come! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Sorry for breakingnthings off here, but I didn't want to make this chapter longer thannit already is. I'll have Part IV up tonight. Enjoy : )[Chapter 4] Sadly I donnot own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell isnof my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is thenproduct of my wildest fantasies. I'venwritten this chapter a bit differently from my previous ones. Let menknow what you think. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part IV It was Alaine's jobnto help Ceana the morning after. Lord Bottoms' soldiers deliverednher to her father's doorstep just as the sun was peaking over thenmountains. Alaine and her parents had spent the night with thenMcGlovers. Alaine did not sleep during that night. She sat justnoutside the doorway. Her dress was gone, returned to Murron, and hernboiled leather armor was in its place. Liam had to be takennaway by William, Hamish, and several of the other village lads.nAlaine knew not where he had spent the night, but she was certainnthat it was not in the home he had labored so hard to finish beforenthe wedding. The wedding feast hadnended abruptly as the soldiers rode back through the village, Ceananon the back of a horse following Lord Bottoms. She never turnednaround as they rode away. She had already said her goodbyes to hernhusband. The crowd was frozen innplace, watching the English ride away. The spell was broken as Liamnfell to his knees, a horrible, gut wrenching scream ripping itselfnfrom his lips. Alaine could only watchnhis misery. It was far beyond her to comprehend what he was feeling.nShe had never loved anyone as he loved Ceana. She had never lost anloved one, even for one night, as Liam now had. Anger, fear, and sorrowncrackled in the air above the heads of the crowd as the villagersndisappeared into their homes. Those who had traveled from theirncrofts for the wedding began gathering their things and theirnchildren and then departing. Ceana's mother fellnto her knees next to Liam and gathered him in her arms. Alainenwatched them. She had never seen such a display of emotion from anynman. It was only then that she noticed her's were the only dry eyesnamong the group left behind. \"Come on now then. Wenhave things to do. William, Hamish, take care of Liam. Ma, come, helpnme pick things up. Murron we could use your help as well.\" Everyone looked up atnAlaine's words. It was if they were suddenly reminded that a worldnbeyond them existed. Liam's father helpednhis son to his feet and with one last embrace let William and Hamishnled him off. It did not matter where they took him as long as theyngot some whiskey in him to help ease the pain of the coming night. The elder Hamish beganncollecting the horses while Murron, Gerda, and Alaine covered thenfood left out on the tables. The McGlovers could not stir themselvesnfor a few long moments, staring off into the distance after theirndaughter. Finally McGlover stirred himself to help placing benchesnagainst the walls of the church. Mrs. McGlover whipped the tears fromnher eyes, took stock of herself and began gathering ribbons andnflowers from the tables. The MacClannoughs hadnbeen helping some of the croft families depart and they soon returnednto the village commons. With embraces and clasping of arms, theyncollected Murron and departed for their own croft. Soon after, thenMorrisons' left as well. Finally only Alaine,nher parents and the McGlovers remained. They left with the McGloversnleading the way to their croft. Alaine turned to surveynthe commons one last time; to take in the muddy ground covered inntrampled ribbons and remains from the wedding feast, the trees stillnwearing their garlands of summer flowers, and of Ceana's bouquetncrumpling into the remains of a fire. No one said anything onnthe trip to the McGlover croft. Nothing was said as Da and McGloverntook care of the animals for the night and secured the wagons. Ma andnMrs. McGlover sat at the table nursing mugs of tea and holding eachnother up. Alaine had given thendress of forest green back to Murron before she had left, and nownchanged from her kirtle into a woolen tunic and her leather and metalnshirt of armor. Her sturdy boots were wound around her feet and thenhair that had shined so brightly in the sunlight was braided backntightly. Alaine took up her postnoutside of the doorway, knife at the ready, her bow and arrows on thenground near by. McGlover said nothing as he reentered his home.nHamish the elder stopped and surveyed his daughter. He was so proud of her.nShe had grown from a flighty young girl into a strong and capablenwoman. It was not like him to voice his pride for his children. So henoffered her a slight smile, a few words; \"Wake me if need be,\"nand a pat on her shoulder. Alaine never woke himnduring the night. Her eyes never closed during those dark hours. Shenbarely moved save to shift her feet to keep them from falling asleep.nShe was ready when the English brought Ceana home. Ceana said nothing asnshe slid down from the back of the horse and into Alaine's arms.nShe said nothing as Alaine turned to lead her into the croft. \"Soon it will be yournturn by the looks of it.\" The English soldiernleered down at Alaine. \"Better watch yourself missy,\" he laughednand spurred his horse away. Alaine watched him ridenaway, hatred burning in her heart. At last she understood hernfather's loathing for the English. Ceana's return awokenthe parents sleeping inside. Gerda and Mrs. McGlover rushed to helpnher, but Ceana waved them away, tightening her hold on Alaine. The women immediatelynunderstood and ushered the men from the croft, shutting the doornbehind them. Alaine carefully setnCeana down in her father's chair and turned to ready a bath in thenMcGlovers' copper tub. \"Where isnLiam?\" Ceana's voice was soft and steady. She turned hernhead towards Alaine but her eyes were unfocused and unseeing. \"William and Hamishnare taking care of him. We'll send for him.\" Ceana suckednin a harsh breath. \"No, no. Not yet.\" Alaine set the pot ofnwater over the fire to heat and came to kneel by her friend. \"Ceana, you havennothing to be ashamed of. It is the English and their prima noctis,\"nAlaine spit the words out as if they were the dirtiest insult to benhad, \"that should be ashamed.\" Ceana noddednabsentmindedly and began untying her wedding dress, preparing for hernbath. It was some time beforenCeana would let Liam see her. He came every day bearing flowers,ntrying to show her his untarnished love for her. Life slowly returned tona semblance of order. Hamish the elder was called away even morenoften now on 'business,' requiring Hamish and Alaine to stay andnmanage the croft. William built his house once more and began plowingnhis fields. Ceana remained at her parents' croft but began seeingnand even speaking to Liam once more. Such happeningsncontinued for sometime until whisperings of another wedding came tonAlaine's ears. This wedding would change things much more than thatnof McGlover to Morrison. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ A little cryptic andnmelodramatic there at the ending, but, at least in my opinion, itnworks. Much love if you review : )[Chapter 5] Sadly I donnot own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell isnof my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is thenproduct of my wildest fantasies. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part V \"William asked me tonmarry him.\" Murron's voice wasnquiet as she bent over the table, kneading a loaf of bread. Alaine had been sittingnon a bench near the table, reworking a leather satchel for hernarrouws. Her head snapped up at Murron's news. \"What?\" Murron paused hernkneading, swiping at an errant hair with the back of a floured hand. \"William and I are tonbe married. He proposed to me last night.\" Alaine said nothing,nher thoughts withdrawing to a place deep in her mind. She had seennWilliam Wallace quite frequently over the past few months. Hamish andnher had helped him rebuilt his farm. He had said nothing of seeingnMurron, much less marrying her. \"How….How did thisnhappen?\" Murron's face glowed as she spilled her mostnprecious memories to her dearest friend. \"He came for me onennight and took me riding. I've been sneaking out almost every nightnto see him. I wanted to tell you, I really did, but we promised tonkeep it a secret. You mustn't tell anyone. Promise me Alaine!\" Murron reached acrossnthe table and grasped Alaine's hand in her's. \"I just wanted you tonknow. We want to keep the marriage secret. After what happened withnLiam and Ceana…… William and I don't want to go through that.\" Alaine set down hernleather awl and grasped her friend's hand. \"Donnae worry Murron,nI'll keep your secret.\" Alaine stood up andnkissed her friend's forehead, smoothing back her hair with onenhand. \"Promise me you'llnbe careful. William's a good man, my blessings upon you both.\" Alaine held her stancenfor a few moments before whisking away out the door. The cool fallnair hit her, brushing over her skin and tangling in her braids. Howncould she not have known about this? Murron and William were her twonclosest friends. How could William do this to her? A white hot feelingnswept down Alaine's cheek, the confusion of what it could beninterrupted her thoughts. She brushed a finger over her cheek andncame away with a tear on her finger. Alaine could not remember thenlast time she had cried. Alaine supposed she wasnfoolish for feeling this way, but over the summer months, helpingnWilliam with his croft, she had grown close to him. The two of themnand Hamish had started their friendship right where they had left oftnat all those years ago. On the surface, theynwere just three close friends reveling in being together once more.nEverything was normal, except for Alaine's feelings for William.nShe wasn't sure when they had started to develop. Perhaps thatnafternoon at the wedding, or maybe it had happened later. Regardlessnof when it had happened, Alaine certainly felt more for William thannshe had for any other man before. She set her backnagainst the wall of the MacClannough croft, trying to gather hernthoughts. A romance between Murron and William was only natural.nAlaine could remember the two of them as children, before William wasntaken away by his uncle. The two of them had had something specialnbetween them, even at that early age. It was only right that theyncontinue now as adults. What was not fair wasnthe two of them keeping it from her. Alaine could hardly believe thatnher two closet friends could sneak behind her back so successfully. A squishy wet hiccupnescaped Alaine as fresh tears spilt down her cheeks. She had to pullnherself together. Crying was most unbecoming and shameful of her. Alaine furiously swipednat the tears, bending her head to hide them. She breathed in deeplynand released it slowly, a soft whistling coming from her lips. Whennshe raised her head again the only sign of her tears was a slightnpuffiness around the corners of her eyes. And so two nights hencenWilliam and Murron were married. They met in a scared grove with anpriest who mumbled the Latin words over their bowed heads. Nothingnchanged except for more smiles were exchanged between the happyncouple. No one seemed to notice, no one except Alaine. Despite her happinessnfor her friends, every secret smile that she was privy to, tour anlittle piece of her heart. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I know it's shorternthan my others, but this seemed like a good stopping place. We allnknow what's going to happen next and I wanted a little happinessnfor William and Murron before we really get into things. Another note, I'mnchanging the rating of the story to M. With my plans for the future,na T rating probably wont cover everything and I'd rather be safenthan sorry. Review and let me knownwhat you think : ) I'd like to get threenmore reviews before I publish the next chapter.[Chapter 6] Sadly I donnot own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell isnof my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is thenproduct of my wildest fantasies. Thanks sonmuch Taylor for all the support. You completely made my day : ) Thanksnalso to Don for being forthright, frank and extremely helpful. Notice:nSome graphic violence towards the end of the chapter. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Part VI 'Thwack' Alaine reached behindnher and fished for another arrow. She set the wooden shaft straight,nlining it up, holding the end with her thumb. Closing one eye, shengauged the distance to the hay bale once more. She could feel the rushnof wind past her ear and hear the sweet song of the bowstring. 'Thwack' This one was off thencenter by no more than an inch. But before Alaine could choose hernnext arrow, the sound of hoof beats filled the air. \"Alaine. Alaine.\" A small bay hurtlednaround the Campbell croft and came to a stand still in a storm ofndust and hooves. Her rider was a boy of lanky and long proportionsnwith a rather prominent nose. \"Mal, what is it?nWhat's wrong?\" Alaine lifted hernquiver over her head and leaned it against a log. \"Tis William andnMurron. They're in trouble.\" Panic reared its headninside of Alaine's chest. ' You knew this could never l ast,\"na voice in the back of her head whispered. She shook her head andnbent down to be face to face with Mal. \"Tell me what'sngoing on.\" Mal gulped in a great breath before speaking. \"Something happenednwith Bottoms' soldiers. Some tried to rape Murron but Wallacenstopped them. Now he's taken off, but they've got Murron.\" Alaine pulled the boynto her, trying to sooth his breathing. \"Wait here. Tell mynmother what's happened and wait for my father and brother tonreturn. I'll bring your horse back to the croft.\" Withoutnanother thought Alaine vaulted onto the back of Mal's bay and dugnher heels in. She rode as fast as thenbay could run. Her legs were wrapped tight and her fingers twisted innits mane. What could havenpossibly happened? She hadn't wanted to admit it, but during thenpast months a voice in the back of her head kept nagging at her aboutnMurron and William's relationship. Somehow, deep inside, Alainenknew that their marriage wouldn't stay hidden for long. It couldn't have beennmore than a few miles to the village, but the ride seemed to take anneternity. The entire village was unearthly silent as Alaine rode in. The morning's mistnhad not yet disappeared in the low lying village. Fingers of smokyngray wove around the houses and played among the bay's legs. The sound of the bay'snhooves shattered the silence that covered the village like a blanket. Alaine dismounted, hernheart pounding. She tied the bay to a railing and made her waynthrough the village on foot. It looked like thenvillagers had just up and left. A cooking fire sill burning could benseen through an open doorway. Skeins of wool dangled in the breezenoutside yet another home. A meal of roast potatoes had beennabandoned. Alaine rounded thencorner of the last house that stood between her and the commons. Anlarge crowd had gathered, everyone from the village, judging by thenlooks of things. No one moved. No one spoke. All eyes were forward. Bodies moved away fromnher as Alaine pushed through. No one dared stand in her way. \"Lass, you'll notnwant to go any farther.\" One of the wives placed her hand onnAlaine's arm, more to steady her than to hold her back. Alaine never turned hernhead, she shrugged the woman's arm loose and continued forward. \"I have taken suchngreat pains never to be too strict, nor too rigid with thenapplication of our laws. Have we not learned to live together innrelative peace? And this is how you repay me?\" Lord Bottoms'nmagistrate was standing in the middle of the commons. With his lastnwords he flung a hand out, motioning at the whipping post. Today there was nonwretch tied up awaiting the blows of a whip. Murron was tied thereninstead. Alaine froze halfwaynbetween bodies, unable to move forward or backward. It was the fearnin Murron's eyes that held Alaine. She had never seen the otherngirl with such a look upon her face. \"Well you leave menwith no choice. An attack on the king's soldiers is the same as annattack on the king himself.\" The magistrate pullednhis hand back and prepared himself. At that moment Murronnturned her head and caught sight of Alaine. The mixture of anguishnand strength found in her eyes broke Alaine from her spell. \"Nooooooooo!\" Alaine leapt forward,nstraining at the arms that held her back. \"Noooo, Murron!\" Her legs pumpingnfuriously, trying to carry her to the post. Her arms stretchednoutward. If only she could reach. The magistrate took nonnotice of the ruckus coming from behind him. With one deft movement,nhe brought his hand back and then swung it forward. For the moment after itnlooked as if his knife had missed its target. Then a red weltnappeared across Murron's neck and a wave of blood drenched thenfront of her gown. It was if the blood had appeared there in thenblink of an eye. Alaine's cries fillednthe air, preventing Murron's last breaths from being heard.nMurron's head lolled to one side as her empty body slumped to thenground. \"Murron….\" Alaine'snthroat was raw and scorched. Words died on her lips as her legsncrumpled beneath her. The arms that had restrained her now set herndown gently. The magistrate turnednhis back on Murron's body and calmly cleaned the blood from hisnknife. \"Now, let this scrapper come to me.\" ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I'm not sure what tonsay here. The next chapter will be up later tonight.[Chapter 7] I love Braveheart, andnbeing of Scottish descent, the story has always intrigued me. This isnmy effort to retell the story portrayed in the film, and add my ownnlittle twist to things ; ) Sadly I do not ownnBraveheart or anything connected to it, however Alaine Campbell is mynown creation. -- Part VII 'Now he can benyours.' That though brokenthrough the fog in Alaine's mind. She blinked, clearing her eyes.nHer body felt stiff, unused, tight. Her fingers flared with pain asnshe tried to flex them. It was causing too much pain to move ornthink, so she would do neither until it hurt no more. \"How is she?\" William bent overnAlaine, reaching forward to brush a strand of her coppery hair back.nHis hair was matted with sweat and blood. Blood had caked itselfnunderneath his fingernails and dried stiff on his clothing. The sweatnon his back had not fully dried yet and he felt a shiver go throughnhim as a errant draft passed through his tunic. Once more the fog innAlaine's mind was parted; this time the smell of iron and deathnbroke through. Alaine tilted her head, her muscles protesting at thenmovement. Her eyes focused, searching for the source of the ironnsmell, and found William's face. At least she thought itnwas William. Dried blood speckled a cheek and a cut across hisnforehead had crusted over. His eyes were still the same cool blue ofna stormy sky. But something had changed. It wasn't the blood or thenwound. It wasn't the smell or the dirt. Alaine's eyes roamed overnWilliam's face, searching for what was missing, trying to figurenout what was different. Suddenly the answernstruck Alaine deep in her chest. She took a harsh breath in, the airnburning in her lungs. There was a hardness in William's face, innhis eyes, that had not been there before. The hint of laughter thatnhad always danced in his eyes was gone. Anger and a deeply buriednsadness had replaced it. Alaine reached forward,nher fingertips brushing over William's cheek and lips. \"What happened? Wherenam I?\" Alaine's voice creaked and sounded rough as if she hadn'tnspoken in years. -- Just a little update.nI'll have more of Chapter Seven up in less than a week. I hope younenjoy reading this as much as I enjoy writing it. Please review : )[Chapter 8] Sadly I do not own Braveheart ornanything associated with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creatingnand this story is from my wildest fantasies. I know that I'm posting Chapter 7nin bits and pieces, but I feel so bad about abandoning you guys fornso long that I want to get to you all the latest \"Fairheart\" asnsoon as I write it. Enjoy! -- Part VII ii Alaine chewed automatically, notntasting her food. Her teeth ground together with every bite. Meat,npotatoes, it all tasted the same; it all tasted like ash. Food hadnlost its taste, the land had lost its color, life had lost anynmeaning it once had. It seemed like a joke that Alainenonce could not comprehend the English's cruelty. She had gone alongnwith her father's business because it allowed her to play at beingna warrior. She had gone along with the Scottish Lords' hatred ofnthe English because it was easy. But now everything had gottennharder. Eating, walking, talking, even breathing. Only the song ofnthe bow string and the clash of steal on steal was the only thingnthat kept her going. She had practiced weapons almost never ceasingnfor the past few days. Her muscles ached and her fingers bled fromnnew calluses, but the pain was nothing to what Alaine kept locked upndeep inside of her, unwilling to acknowledge it. A flurry of hooves came fromnoutside. Voices, soft and indistinguishable came from the lean-tonwhere the cow lived. Only snatches of the whispered conversationncould be heard. \"Will she be alright?\" \"It's been hard…..\" \"I need you both now.\" A murmured agreement and then thenvoices fell silent once more. A few moments later the door to thenCampbell's croft swung open letting in a sudden shaft of sunshine.nAlaine blinked at the sudden light and cowered back, her arms drawingnprotectively over her bowl. \"Alaine?\" William crouched down next tonAlaine, studying her, searching for a sign of understanding. \"Alaine, how are thee fairing?\" She shrugged, unwilling to put theneffort into forming words. \"Alaine, I need your help,\"nWilliam said softly. \"Please….?\" \"What…\" Alaine stopped, lickednher lips and began again. \"What is it that you need Will?\" -- Please read and review. The nextnpart of Chapter 7 will be up soon.[Chapter 9] SadlynI do not own Braveheart or anything associated with it. AlainenCampbell is of my own creating and this story is from my wildestnfantasies. Inam so sorry about the delay between chapters. I've just started mynsecond year of college and between classes, work and a new boyfriendn(we just celebrated our 2 months!), it's been hard to find time tonwrite. But now that things have settled down, I promise at least onennew chapter ever week. Enjoy and welcome back : ) -- PartnVIII Angreat skirmish had broken out between William and Lord Bottoms' mennafter Murron's death. Hammish and the Elder Campbell had foughtnalongside William. Other villagers joined in. The English soldiersndied like the dogs they were. Alainenhad no memory of the last few days. Only shards remained. William'snblood speckled face. Slicing her finger on a knife and watching thenblood drip until Hamish discovered her and had tended to the cut.nOnly bits and pieces remained, floating aimlessly behind Alaine'sneyes every time she closed them. Itnwas only when William approached her, wanting, needing, her help thatnthe fog lifted and Alaine was once more aware of her surroundings. Thatnday they buried Murron's body. Alaine herself had washed hernfriend's lifeless body and had helped Murron's mother wrap it innwhite cloth. A dull ache spread through Alaine as she watchednWilliam's last kiss to his beloved. Despite everything, the painnburied deep and the hate that burned white hot in her breast, hernheart sluggishly beat every time William's blue eyes caught hernown. Alainenturned her head, not wanting to watch them place Murron's body intonthe ground, and hating herself for the conflicting feelings warringninside of her. Laternthat night the men of the village gathered in a field near thenCampbell croft. Fires were lit and meat roasted even though no onenfelt like eating. ThenElder Hamish had suffered a wound during the fighting a few daysnbefore. He had been swilling drink since the sun had gone down innpreparation for the wound to be sealed with a burning iron. \"Well,nwat are yee waiting for boy?\" Hamnplucked the hot brand from the fire, eyed the glowing tip and thennhis father and turned to Liam. \"Here, I'll hold him down.\" Liamneyed the drunken Campbell and caught the shoulder of a passing man.n\"Here, you do it. I'll help Hamish hold him down.\" Thenman eyed the iron and rolled up his sleeves. Alaine ducked under thenarm of a passing man carrying spears on his shoulder. She gripped hernfather's shoulder and leaned on it, putting all of her strengthninto holding him down. Itntook only a few moments to cauterize the wound but the Elder Hamishnroared as if he had been burned for hours. Alianenreleased her father with a roll of her eyes. Despite all his strengthnand bluster, he could still be a child about the smallest of things. \"There'snsomeone coming!\" Thencry went up through the camp. A flurry of activity broke out as mennreached for swords, axes, spears, anything they could get their handsnon. Alainenrushed to the pile of her family's things and snatched up hernquiver and bow. She slung the arrows over her should as she ran tonthe bridge. Hamishnrushed to alert William and the two of them joined Alaine in thencrowd. \" MacGregors,\"nThe Elder Campbell called out. \"From the next clan.\" Thengroup of newcomers slowed before and came to a stand still. \"Wenheard about what was happenin' and don't want you Amadans thinkin'nyou can have your fun without us.\" Williamnshook his head no at the MacGregor who had addressed the crowd. \"Nae.nGo home. Some of us are in this and cannae help it. But you can helpnyourselves. Go home.\" \"We'llnhae no homes when the English comes in and burn them.\" Williamnsighed. He knew he could use the MacGregor men and there was littlenchance they would obey him and return home. He hung his head slightlynand nodded. Joyfulncries broke out as the two clans came together, sharing greetings andnhand shakes. \"What'snthis now? Wallace lets the whores carry weapons now?\" Alainenturned and narrowed her eyes at the two MacGregor men behind her. Onenof them leered at her and tugged at the front of his kilt in ansuggestive manner. \"Hownabout it lass? Got time for one more?\" Angernflared behind Alaine's breast bone. \"I'dntake those words back if I were yee,\" she growled, one hand goingnto the knife at her waist. \"Ornwat? You'll charge me more?\" Thentwo men guffawed. One eyed Alaine up and down and licked his lips. \"Comenon now sweetie. Be a good girl and give me a kiss.\" Willaimnhad noticed the exchange between the two MacGregor's and Alaine. Henstood apart, silently watching them. The men had to learn Alaine wasnoff limits unless she so chose otherwise and they had to learn itnfrom her or she would be continuously harassed. He'd step in ifnthings got too out of hand. Itntook less than a blink of an eye for Alaine to cross the few yardsnbetween her and the letchers. She pulled her arm back and let it fly.nHer fist connected straight on with the man's mouth. She felt hisnlips part and his teeth scrape against her knuckles. \"How'snthat for a kiss?\" Thenman backed up a step, one hand cradling his bleeding mouth, his eyesnwere wide with shock. \"Inam nae a whore and if you suggest so again I'll be giving yee an'kiss' in a more painful spot.\" Alainenglared at the other man who was cradling his friend's shouldersnbefore whipping around and stocking off. Williamnshook his head in amusement, a slight smile hovering over his lips,nhis first smile in days. Alaine could take care of herself. He wasnproud of the woman and the warrior she had become, but he did notnenvy which man she did finally decide to kiss. As much as he lovednAlaine, he did not relish being the target of her famous temper. -- Sorrynthat there's not much action in this chapter. Read and review, nonflames please. I'll have the next chapter up by next Tuesday. Muchnlove to everyone : )[Chapter 10] SadlynI do not own Braveheart or anything associated with it. AlainenCampbell is of my own creating and this story is from my wildestnfantasies. Thanksnso much to everyone who reviewed: gabbylynn, Lauren Grant, Allylynn,nTaylor Chesney, GracieClaire and IKeepMyGoldFishInMyBra (which isnsort of an odd place for fish and I can't imagine it being veryncomfortable, but she did add my story to the Braveheart community, sonmajor thanks to her!) Thanksnfor all the reviews, it really does mean a lot to me : ) Butnhere you go, fresh and piping hot, another chapter of Fairheart -- PartnIX Alainendrew in a deep breath and let it out slowly. Her heart was stillnracing and her legs tingled with pin pricks up and down her calves. Itnseemed like they had been running for weeks. They had crossed riversnand hills. They had run through forests and over the moors. AsnWilliam drove them on, more and more men joined with them. Somencoming in ones and twos, appearing one day out of the mists, runningnalong besides them. Others came in larger groups, parlaying withnWilliam first before offering their swords to his cause. Nownwith twilight approaching on the third day, William had finallyncalled a halt to their mad dash across the country side. Alainenhad kept pace with the men, running besides the horse that carriednher father. Several times she had seen furtive glances and coinsnexchanged between the men. She had caught Hamish making bets againstnher on the second afternoon. He smirked and shrugged his shoulders atnher arched brow but scampered out of reach when the palm of her handnrose up. Asnthe sun set, the men settled down quietly, preparing to make camp fornthe night. Alaine lifted off her quiver of arrows with a gratefulnsigh. Sweat pooled between her shoulder blades and she could feel itntrickle down her back. Her feet ached and her thighs felt even worse.nHer aches and pains were accompanied by the loud growling of hernstomach. \"Allie,ncan you hold off dinner for a while?\" Alainenturned, startled by the voice behind her. Williamnwas there, his piercing blue eyes studying her, assessing hernweariness and making it even harder for her to draw in a propernbreath. \"Inneed you, Hamish and your father for something special.\" Henturned without waiting for Alaine's answer. \"Ohnand bring your bow and quiver.\" Alainengritted her teeth, resisting the urge to stick her tongue out at hisnback. She reached down, every muscle protesting and gathered hernthings, once more slinging the quiver over her shoulders. Alainenfollowed after William, weaving between a man carrying firewood andnanother resting on rock, pulling off his boots and rubbing life backninto his toes. \"Whatnfool thing does he have planed now?\" Hamish growled coming upnbehind his sister. Alainenglanced at her brother over her shoulder. \"I hope it involves cleannclothing and a warm meal.\" \"Nonsuch luck children,\" Hamish the Elder stood waiting for hisnoffspring, arms crossed, resting on the hilt of his broadsword. Henwaited until they were abreast of him before turning and falling intonstep with them. Thenthree Campbells made their way up a short rise and joined William atnthe top, all of them peering over to see what had captured Wallace'snattention. Onnthe other side of the ridge was a beaten dirt path that wound betweennthe trees before disappearing into the foliage. \"Bottoms'ncastle is at the other end of that road.\" William'snvoice was flat and no-nonsense. \"Tomorrow,nshortly after dawn, a contingent of Bottoms' men are suppose tonmarch on through here. I mean to kill them all, take their uniformsnand continue on to Bottoms' keep.\" Williamnturned to face the three. \"Therenshould be no more than fifty men coming. We have nearly twice that.nAllie, I need you to find a place where you can hide and take downnany man who makes it through the battle and tries to ride to warnnBottoms. We cannot afford him any warning.\" Alainennodded and turned to survey the ridge. Down the ridge from where theynwere standing was a rocky outcrop that would provide cover for hernand was an excellent vantage point over the road. \"There,\"nAlaine said, pointing. \"I'll set up there.\" Williamnnodded, pleased with her. \"We'llndivide the men into groups and place them here, here, and here,\"nWilliam pointed as he spoke. \"Hamish you will take the right, EldernHamish will have the middle and I will take the left.\" Thenthree turned to discuss tactics for the coming morn. Alaine watchednthem stroll down the ridge, testing the footing and pointing outnvarious features of the ridge and the road below it. Alainenturned and once more surveyed the spot where she would be positionednat. Her bottom lip caught between her teeth and she bit down, ansudden way of nerves washing over her. Evernsince she was a young lass, this was what she wanted. She wanted tongrow up to be a warrior like Ham and William. Only now they were allngrown up and they weren't playing games any more. Alainenlooked down at her hands. Large palms and lithe fingers covered inncalluses and browned from working the family croft. Hernmother hated her hands. Gerda would shake her head and cluck herntongue, muttering comments about no man wanting to marry a girl withnsuch hands, every time she glimpsed Alaine's hands. Alainenclenched her hands into fists. Tomorrow she might have to takenanother's life. She had never killed anyone before. Indeed,nthroughout all of her weapons training, she had never thought aboutnwhat it was exactly she was being trained for. Perhapsnnone of Bottoms' men would get through and she wouldn't have tontake a life. \"Allie?\" Alaine'snhead whipped up at the sound of her name and she dropped her hands tonher sides. Hamish,nDa, and William had paused, waiting for her. \"Comenon now, dinner.\" Alainennodded and started towards them. Thatnnight after everyone had eaten their fill, William, Hamish the Eldernand Young Ham, detailed the battle plans for the men. Afterwards thencamp grew silent quickly, most wanting a full night's rest beforenthe next morn, others wanting to be left alone with their thoughts. Alainencrawled under her cloak, pulling it close, telling herself it was thendamp ground that chilled her bones and not her fears about the nextnmorning. Slowlynsleep overtook her and she knew no more. -- Pleasenread and review and I should have another chapter up by at leastnTuesday : ) MuchnLove, Ginger[Chapter 11] Inlove Braveheart, and being of Scottish descent, the story has alwaysnintrigued me. This is my effort to retell the story portrayed in thenfilm, and add my own little twist to things SadlynI do not own Braveheart or anything connected to it, however AlainenCampbell is my own creation. Inam so sorry about the delay between chapters. I can offer no excusesnbut laziness and school. Now that summer has finally come, I now haventhe time to write. Please read and review : ) ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- The next morning dawned hot andnbright. William roused the camp shortly before dawn, murmuring wordsnof encouragement and making last minute changes to the placement ofnthe men. He awoke Alaine with a light touchnagainst her shoulder. \"Mornin' to thee Allie.\" He smiled andnnodded before rising and moving on. Alaine turned onto her side andnwatched him walk away, a slight spring in his step. The thought thatnit was this morning's battle was what was making him cheerfulnchilled her. As she rolled up her cloak andnreadied her arrows and waxed her bow string, Alaine mused over hownmuch William had changed. They had all changed, it wasn't justnWilliam. She could sense it even inside of herself. \"Hungry?\" Hamish loomed over his sisternoffering her a round of bread and a piece of cold meat. Alaine nodded gratefully and tooknthe offered food. Setting aside her bow, she tore into the bread,nmoving it around in her mouth, trying to soften it. Hamish groaned and plopped to thenground next to her. \"How are you feeling this morn?\" He didn't look at her but studiedna stream of dirt he let trickle between his fingers. Alaine shrugged, her mouth too fullnto reply. They sat in silence for a few moments until she hadnfinished swallowing her breakfast. \"I'm alright.\" She paused forna moment. \"William's giving me the outpost to keep me out of thenfighting isn't he?\" Hamish sighed. \"It's nothing against you Allie.nWe all three agreed on it, Da, William and I. Besides, you knownyou're the best shot we hae. We need you at that outpost.\" Alaine nodded and tossed the rest ofnthe bread behind her. She was no longer felt like eating. \"Let's get going then.\" She brushed her hands off on herntunic and stood up. Alaine turned and offered her hand to Hamish andnwith a groan helped him to his feet. Alaine brushed a wisp of hair backnand gathered her bow and quiver, her long knife, and a leather pouchncontaining extra bow strings. Together brother and sister madentheir way through the crowd of milling men. Coming to the ridge theynpaused and clasped hands. Being their father's children, neithernsaid what they were feeling. Alaine offered her brother a smile whongripped her hand harder and clasped her arm with his free hand. Alaine nodded and turned to make hernway to her outpost. Hamish turned to gather his men and ready them innposition. As Alaine made her way across thenridge she turned and searched the crowd of men. Her eyes found hernfather who nodded, his eyes full of pride for his daughter. Next tonhim was William. Alaine's breath caught inside ofnher at the sight of William's smile. He raised one arm in salute.nAlaine raised her bow in reply. The rocky outcrop was towards thentop of the ridge just above the bend in the road before itndisappeared into the woods. Alaine could glimpse the moors throughnthe trees. Alaine slid down the ridge and intonher hidey hole. The outcrop was just big enough to cover her. No onenwould see her unless they came from the top of the ridge. Alaine crouched down and readiednherself. She drew out a handful of arrows and stuck them point downninto the dirt at her feet. She checked to make sure her sandals werentightly laced, that her belt was buckled and the clasp on her cloaknloosened so that she could pull it off at a moment's notice. Nextnshe checked her bow and her extra strings. Everything was ready, allnshe could do now is wait. It seemed like hours had passed whennfinally the low whistle echoed across the ridge. Alaine tensed,nholding her breath. English soldiers had been sighted! Slowly she rolled from her back ontonher side, half sitting, half laying concealed. She peered through thenrocks but could see nothing but an empty stretch of road and a swatchnof coarse grass. Her rocky outcrop provided excellentncoverage but denied Alaine a glimpse of what was happening withoutnrevealing herself. Slowly the sounds of fighting drifted over her.nThe battle cries of the clans, the clang of metal on metal, thenscreams of horses and, most horrible of all, the grunts and groans ofnthe men surrounding her. Alaine finally drew in a long breathnand using her arms, lifted herself into a squatting position,nallowing her to peak over her rocky protectors. The battle raged onnthe slopes of the ridge and along the length of the road. Men andnhorses were locked together, their feet kicking up dust, making itnhard to see what was happening. One rider broke away from thenseething knot of men. He was mounted and his tunic showed him to benEnglish. He swung his sword and cut through several men, making hisnway through the battle. Alaine dropped back behind thenrocks. Her breath came in gasps as a peculiar prickling feelingndanced along her scalp. She had just moments to make her decision.nIt was clear that the rider was going to break through the clans andnto the safety of the fort across the moors. Only Alaine could stopnhim now. Despite her years of training, she had never taken another'snlife and now that she was about to do so, her fingers shook so muchnshe did not think she could hold her bow. Alaine took in a shaky breath andngripped her bow. She caught up an arrow and notched it. She stood up,nher eyes searching for her quarry. Finally she found him, he wasnalmost out of range, rounding the bend. She drew back her arm,nsighting the rider down the length of her arrow. As she exhaled, shenlet go, sending the arrow flying. The arrow caught the man between hisnshoulder blades. He stiffened and slid off of his horse. His headnbounced as it hit the ground but he moved no more. ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ I hope you enjoyed this chapter. Inhope to have another chapter up soon. Love, Ginger uf04a[Chapter 12] Sadly I do not ownnBraveheart or anything connected to it, however Alaine Campbell is mynown creation. Lauren Grant: Thanksnfor your review and for being a loyal reader. Don't worry, Alainenwouldn't let me leave her story unfinished. I apologize about mynlong leave of absence, but I am back now uf04a The Deadly Angel:nThanks of the encouragement and please don't cry, that would makenme feel terrible. Gabbylynn: Here ya go!nI hope you enjoy. --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- ~Part XI~ Three…. She had killed threenmen today. Alaine leaned over andnretched again. Bile filled her mouth and spilled out. Her throat hurtnfrom vomiting once again. Her hand clenched against her stomach, thenother holding her hair back. \"Allie?\" William slid down andnkneeled next to her. \"Are you all right?\" He put one arm aroundnher, pulling her to his chest. \"I'm sorry Will…\"nAlaine wiped her mouth, grimacing at the lingering taste. William cradled hernhead to his chest, stroking her hair. \"There is nothing to be sorrynabout Alaine. You did good today. I am so proud of you. My littlenwarrior.\" A small grin crossednher lips and her heart pitter pattered at \"my\". That little wordnseemed to make it all worth it. \"The first kill, thenfirst few kills are always the hardest. Taking another man's lifenshould never be easy. You should never get use to it. But you donlearn to do it, to handle it. You will always keep the men you killnin your memory, and that is how it should be.\" Alaine took William'snwords to heart. It was necessary for her, for them, to fight, tonkill. She nodded once more, inhaling, steeling herself against whatnwould come. \"Now, here take a sipnof water and clean your mouth out.\" William held out his waternskein, uncapping it for her. \"We have much to do.\" o0o Alaine watched asnBottoms' stronghold burned. She and most of the men had watched asnWilliam, the Campbells and a few others rode into the fort, disguisednas English soldiers. Liam had his revenge, killing Bottoms himself.nAnd William, well William Wallace had his rebellion… --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- I know this is shortnbut I'm going on vacation tomorrow so I've been a little busy. Inshould have another chapter up in a few days, by next Monday at thenlatest. I hope you enjoyed this uf04a Love, Ginger[Chapter 13] Sadly I do not own Braveheart ornanything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation andnthe so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildestnfantasies. Sorry about the delay in getting itnup, but it's been busy around the Ginger household (lol). I amnsorry about the short length of the last chapter but I hope this onenmakes up for it. Please read and review : ) Thanks once again to everyone whondoes review. It means a lot of me that you guys are enjoying this andnthat you have stuck with the story even through my loooonnnnggg drynspells. I really appreciate it! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ ~Part XII~ The English did not sit by and letnthe Scotts run rampant. They burned villages, attacked crofts andnslaughtered anyone who stood in their way. William and his men livednlike animals, running across the land, savaging for food, weapons,nclothing, anything that may have been of use. They fought when theyncould, winning skirmishes here and there. o0o Alaine held her fingers close to thenfire, rubbing them together, trying to create some heat. She and fivenothers, William's fastest runners, had been set out on the moors tonawait the English. They had been there since dawn, building theirnfire, seemingly defenseless and out-numbered. Alaine had spent the day lookingnover her shoulder, expecting the English to find them and ride themndown at any moment. Any little movement or noise sent her scramblingnfor her borrowed sword. She was a sure shot with a bow but if thenEnglish did attack there would be no room for her to fire and sonHamish had lent her his sword. The other men huddled around thenfire, surely they were just as nervous as she was. They had talkednlittle throughout the day, only speaking to share bread and to gathernmore peat for their fire. They were sitting on top of a steepnridge, one that allowed their fire to be seen for miles. Alaine knewnthis would normally be very foolish but William had a plan and shenplaced her trust in him. At the thought of William, Alaine'snheart skipped a beat. The pesky thing had been skipping a lot ofnbeats lately. Every time William's blue eyes met hers, or she heardnhis voice, or when he touched her, brushing her shoulder or theirnfingers meeting as they shared a meal. Really her heart misfired atnanything to do with William at all. It was all becoming rathernbothersome. Alaine did not want to admit her feelings for William,nnor could she deny them. Ever since they were small, she had feltnsomething for him. But ever since they were small he had eyes fornonly Murron. Alaine would not allow herself to hope but somehow anlittle bit of hope had snuck in. Just enough hope to make William'snglances and touches to burn and to sooth all at the same time. Alaine shook her head, bringingnherself out of her thoughts. There was no place for love or romancenhere. There was no time for it. And besides, she would be much toonhurt if William did not return her feelings even if there were timenfor such things. \"Hie there!\" The cry startled Alaine and thenothers. They scrambled to their feet, drawing swords. A company ofnEnglish soldiers was riding over the ridge towards them. Alainenturned, picking up her pace, willing her feet to move and her kneesnto bend. \"After them!\" The Englishncommander pointed at the backs of the Scotsmen and whipped his horsenafter them. Alaine ran as hard as she could. Hernbody seemed to vibrate with every footstep. It became harder andnharder to draw air into her lungs and what air that did make it,nburned her throat. Collum and Cormac, the twins fromnthe MacCutcheon clan, ran next to her. One stumbled but quicklynrighted himself. \"Hurry-\" Alaine gasped, pickingnup speed. She dared not to look over her shoulder to see how closenthe English were. The runners soon crested a low risenand came face to face with an imposing wall of rock. They had reachednthe base of the cliffs. The English were right behind them. Thenhooves of their horses rang against stone, echoing off of the cliffnface, and making Alaine's ears ring. Suddenly there was no more room. Thenrunners had reached the cliff wall. Alaine drew her sword and turnednto face the English. Her heart was racing. Her breath coming innpainful gasps. She was getting out of shape if a run as short as thatnwinded her. \"No point in resisting. You arenoutnumbered and trapped. Now where is the rest of you? Where isnWallace?\" Alaine kept her eyes on the Englishnofficer, but out of the corner of her eye she could see men steppingnforward to ring the top of the cliff. A stone, seemingly appearing out ofnnowhere, flew through the air and hit the officer's helm. Thenresulting rang echoed through the air. Alaine ducked and weaved around anrearing horse, stabbing a soldier as he reached to trip her. Anotherndeath to carry inside of her but this time the queasy feeling did notnappear in her stomach. Men were flailing all around her. She saw anyoung Scottish boy fall, his killer soon cut down by the boy'snolder brother. Horses screamed and danced through the seething massnof men. Arrows rained down from the cliffs, one barely skimmingnAlaine's back. She turned and searched for a way out of the mess ofnman and horse flesh. She shoved past two grappling men and duckednunder a sword thrust. Suddenly a hand gripped her arm andnhosited her off of the ground. \"Nae what did ai tell you aboatnstaying out of trouble?\" Alaine turned and found her face tonface with her brother. \"Let ma down Ham, you great lump.\" Hamish turned and set his sisterndown outside of the mass of men. \"Nae stay here and keep that thicknhead of yours down.\" He took the sword from Alaine's hands andnwaded back into the fight. The skirmish was fast and furiousnwith the British fighting for their lives. Alaine watched the rest ofnit from the edge, occasionally knocking heads or wounding with herndagger when the occasion called for it. As soon as it had began, the fightnwas over. A handful of British soldiers were left, throwing downntheir swords and surrendering. The moor was a mess with the moss andnstone slick with blood. Bodies littered the ground and the cries ofnthe wounded and dying filled the air. Alaine herself was covered in bloodnbut, after a thorough check from her father, none of it was her's.nHer hair hung in lumps, matted with who knows what. Her kilt was tornnand muddied. Alaine's knees were scabbed and she had a sizablenbruise around her eye where she had taken a fist to her face. She wasnbone weary, cold, and hungry. William approached her, looking asnfresh as a flower. \"Alaine…\" He held his arms out and held herntight to him. \"I do believe you are the toughest person here. Younare a true Campbell and warrior. But for now, rest, there are othersnwho can tend to the wounded and others to handled the captives. Gonnow, go back to camp.\" He released her, looking her over, searchingnfor any ills. He reached out, cradling her cheek in his palm, anslight grin crossing his face. \"That is quite a bruise you haventhere. See if there is any raw meat for you.\" His thumb strokednlightly over her skin. He stared at her for another moment beforenshaking his head with a snort and turning away to attend to thenaftermath. Alaine slowly lifted her hand to herncheek, touching where William's hand had just been. She smilednsoftly, all of her hurts and complaints gone for the moment. Oh hownthat man's blue eyes made her weak at the knees! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Hope you all enjoyed! Fun fact fornyou all: MacCutcheon was my grandmother's maiden name. I wanted tonwork it into the story somehow as a little tribute to her. And thanks in advance to all of yournlovely reviews uf04a Hugs and kisses, Ginger[Chapter 14] Sadly I do not own Braveheart ornanything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation andnthe so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildestnfantasies. Sorry about the delay again :/ Read and enjoy uf04a ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Part XIII The days were filled with runningnand warring. The nights were filled with hard stones and cold ground,nlittle sleep and hours on watch. Soon news of the rebellion reachednthe ears of the Scottish nobles. Slowly the northern lords lent theirnsupport. Fresh men joined William's army. Better weapons werenissued. Better meat was roasted over fires. Bread was no longer moldynand one could bite into it without fear of weevils. Alaine's armor became battlenscarred and pitted. Her boots became worn. New calluses formed on hernhands. A thin cut on her cheek, stretching from her ear to jaw becamena pink scar. While she carried her death within her, the act ofnkilling a man had become easier. She could no detach herself from it,nwatching her actions as if they belonged to another. Later, in thendeep of the night, the deaths played themselves over and over againnbehind her eyes and she knew only tears, and hardly slept at all. o0o Liam dipped his fingers into the potnand scooped up a handful of porridge. He was sharing the pot with thenthree Campbells and William. The porridge was warm as it trickledndown his throat. He ripped into a hunk of bread, chewing slowly. Alaine had no appetite, watching thenothers eat. She nibbled at the bread but could not swallow anything.nHer entire body hurt, the pain seemingly etched into her bones. Whilenit was no longer so cold during the day, she could never seem to benwarm enough. Life on the run was harsh and Alaine was slowly losingnher battle against it. \"Yae know, eventually Longshanksnwill send his entire northern army against us.\" William broke through the silencenthat had ringed the fire. \"There will be cavalry,\" Hamishnthe Elder added. \"Man and horse to shake the very ground.\" A shiver went up Alaine's spine atnsuch a thought. While they had managed fairly well against thenEnglish so far, if Longshanks sent his army against them, William,nher da, Ham, Liam, even herself, all of them would be crushed likenants under a boot heel. \"They'll ride right over us,\"nHam said, voicing Alaine's fears. \"What do we do?\" \"Run and hide, that's thenHighland way,\" Hamish the Elder said with a shrug. William's eyes casted around,nwatching the trees. Alaine watched him, holding her breath. \"We'll make spears,\" Williamnfinally said. \"Hundreds of them. Long spears,ntwice as long as a man.\" An excited looked crossed William's facenas he warmed to his plan. \"That long?\" Alaine finallynspoke, trying to imagine a spear so long. \"Aye,\" William answered. \"Some men are longer than others,\"ncame Ham. \"Telling stories about me again?\"njoked Hamish the Elder. He flashed an amused look at his daughter whonwas blushing red from the thought of such stories being told aboutnher father. The men all laughed. It was the first laugh they had hadnin days. A cry of \"Volunteers coming in!\"nbroke through the group. Alaine turned, craning her neck to see whonwas approaching. Two men wearing un-dyed kilts camenforward. One was slightly older, grey hair dusting through his brown.nThe other man had lanky black hair that fell forward into his eyes.nHe paced behind the first man, glancing this way and that. Alaine stood up, one hand going tonthe sword at her waist, the other automatically reaching for thenarrows at her back. William stepped forward as the oldernman fell to his knees before him. \"William Wallace, we've come tonfight for you!\" William shook his head slightly,nembarrassed by the man's actions. \"Stand up man, I'm nae thenPope.\" The man smiled and got to his feet.n\" My name is Faudron. My sword is yours. I brought you this.\" Henreached inside his tunic for something. Alaine and Ham reached immediately.nShe leapt for the man, one hand bringing forth a knife, the otherngoing out to steady herself. Ham reached for his arm, restraining thenman. Alan, the guard who had brought thenman forward, stepped forward. \"We checked 'em for arms.\" Faudron glanced at Alaine and Hamnamused. \"I brought you this.\" He pulled out a sash of a gorgeousndark color covered in white markings. \"My wife made it for you.\" Alaine took a step backwards,narranging her face into a mask of calm. She still kept her dagger outnand at the ready. William stepped forward and acceptednthe sash. As he did, a low chuckle soundednthrough the clearing. The smaller dark haired man wandered in frontnof Ham, laughing as he did so. A soft growl rose from Hamish'snthroat and his face flushed. \"Him? That can't be WilliamnWallace.\" The man, still chuckling, walked passed Alaine, notnsparing her a glance, and made his way to the pot of porridge. Henstuck a spoon into it, stirring the meal. \"I am prettier than thisnman.\" He looked to the sky before lifting the spoon to his mouthnand sipping. Alaine's hackles rose. Who didnthis man think he was? Coming into their camp, insulting William andneating their food. Why he must be mad for he kept looking at the skynas he spoke. \"Alright, Father, I'll ask him.\"nHe set the spoon down and with his mouth still full, he approachednWilliam. \"If I risk my neck for you, will I get a chance to killnEnglishmen?\" Hamish also took a step closer tonWilliam. \"Is your father a ghost, or do you converse with thenAlmighty?\" Alaine snorted softly. She couldntell this mad Irishman was getting under her brother's skin, muchnlike he was getting under her's. \"In order to find his equal, annIrishman is forced to talk to God.\" Alaine could see a hint of a dimplenin the man's cheeks as he answered her brother. \"Yes Father!\" He paused for anmoment before turning his head back towards Hamish. \"The Almightynsays, 'Don't change the subject, just answer the fuckingnquestion.\" \"Mind your tongue!\" The wordnburst from Alaine. She had had enough of this strange man and hisnconversing with the Almighty. The Irishman beamed at her amused, anwicked gleam in his eye. \"Insane Irish,\" Hamish the Eldernmuttered. With one smooth movement, thenIrishman drew a dagger, leapt across the space between them and heldnthe knife at Hamish the Elder's neck. \"Smart enough to get andagger past your guards, old man.\" Alaine started forward, her heart innher mouth. She came up behind the man, he was just a few inchesntaller than her, and whipped the knife around his head, holding it atnhis neck. Ham, William and Liam had all drawn their weapons, levelingnthem at the Irishman. \"That is mae friend, Irishman. Andnthe answer to yee question is 'yes'. You fight for me, you get tonkill the English,\" William said. The Irishman grinned wildly.n\"Excellent! Stephen is my name. I am the most wanted man on mynisland.\" He took a step back, forcing Alaine to lose her hold andnfall back. \"Except I am not on my island ofncourse. More's the pity.\" \"Your island? You mean Ireland.\"nAlaine asked, partly incredulous, partly sarcastic. Stephen turned to her, his hairnfalling into his eyes. He had blues eyes she could see now. They werenrather pretty even if he did appear to be a bit mad. \"Yeah. It's mine.\" A grinnednplayed on his lips. Hamish snorted. \"You're anmadman.\" Stephen laughed and nodded. Hamishnjoined in as did the other men. Alaine shook her head. While thenothers may be amused by this mad Irishman, she was not so acceptingnof him. \"I've come to the right placenthen,\" Stephen said. He tossed his head back and laughed. Alaine sheathed her knife. She did not know what to make of thisnstranger, with his probing blue eyes, and the way he stared at hernintently. She would bide her time and wait, watching him, trying tonfigure out what about him she just couldn't put her finger on. Yay! A new chapter, and an extranlong one at that. I hope you all enjoyed it. I promise to get thingsnrolling again and to have a new chapter up soon. Please review andnlet me know what you thought uf04a Love Ginger[Chapter 15] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. I apologize about the delay again. Due to a new semester starting and a death in the family, it's been hard trying to find time and the inspiration to write. But somehow I've found both of those and so here is a new chapter Hope you all enjoy it and thank you so, so much for sticking with me. As for Alaine and the Mad Irishman, well you'll just have to read on ;) Part XIV It was only a few days hence when Faudron tried assassinating William. He had gone hunting by himself in the woods that surrounded their camp. Stephen and Faudron had both followed him. Stephen struck down Faudron as he crept up behind William. The Almighty had tasked him to protect William, or so he said. This had earned Stephen a place around William's fire and a spot as his advisor. Alaine did her best to keep herself separate from the Mad Irishman. She could feel his piercing eyes on her, glittering with laughter. While both he and William had blues eyes, William's were a softer blue, with a hardness hidden just underneath. Stephen's eyes blazed. A mixture of laughter and madness and something else resided there. While William's gaze gave her butterflies; Stephen's made her skin hot and itchy, and she could not breath until he looked away. They had stayed at their camp in the woods for several days. It was a well protected and hidden camp. The hunting was good and they had a spring nearby to supply them good, clean water. The men needed a rest, a moment or two to gather themselves, wash bedding, repair weapons and armor, and to eat their fill of food that was not cold and hard from the road. o0o Alaine's muscles groaned as she bent over to set her armful of wood near the fire pit. Even though this was supposed to be a period of rest for them, she had spent her days hard at work, and her nights dreaming of battle when she did finally sleep. Alaine straightened back up, a hand going to her lower back to steady herself. Before going to war, she had always thought of herself as being in good shape; but now she knew that to be folly. The constant barrage of running and fighting had worked a set of muscles Alaine did not know she had. She was finally becoming accustomed to the endless movement and pain that throbbed through her body. Every day the pain became less and her muscles became a little bit stronger. The others had separated after breaking their fast this morning. Liam and Ham had taken a group of men to hunt. Her da was sitting with some of the others sharpening weapons to remove the nicks and scars of battle. William was sitting nearby. He was oiling his sword sheath. His large hands dwarfing the rag and sheath. Alaine watched his fingers as they worked the leather, smoothing the oil, working it into the sheath. His wild tangle of hair hung over one shoulder. A tendril of hair hung from his brow and danged in his eyes. Alaine wanted so badly to go to him, to smooth his hair back, caressing his brow. She blushed at this thought and turned away. With a heavy sigh, Alaine turned to her own bedroll. She had been putting it off but it was now time for her to go through her things. All of her clothing needed a good scrubbing but she still had to see which items needed to be repaired. Sewing, as were all of the womanly arts, was not Alaine's strong suit and she had little wish to sit there pricking her fingers on needles as she tried to darn a sock. Alaine paused as she saw her bedroll. She had made it this morning upon rising, tucking the blanket in and arranging her knapsack. But there on top of the blanket was a spring of small blue flowers. Alaine crotched down and studied the flowers. She had seen them sprouting between the roots of trees in the forest they were in. She did not know their name though. Alaine reached out and picked up the sprig. Each flower was small with blue petals and a creamy center. Alaine held the flowers up to her nose and breathed in their scent. They had a mild clean scent that was pleasant. Alaine smiled and twisted the sprig in her fingers. 'Who had left the flowers here?' Alaine wondered, glancing around. Her breath caught in her throat as her eyes met with Williams. He smiled, his eyes crinkling at the corners, and he nodded at her. 'Could he have given her the flowers?' Alaine's heart thudded in her chest at the thought. Alaine blushed slightly and looked down at the flowers once more. She caught her lower lip between her teeth, thinking of a way to preserve the flowers. Finally she reached into her satchel and pulled out a square of linen. The cloth was intended to be used when her flow came but the harsh life and lack of good food had slowed the process, making Alaine's monthlies few and far between. She unfolded the linen and placed the sprig of flowers in the middle, covering them up. She wrapped the flowers tightly without crushing them and placed them in the bottom of her satchel. Hopefully the weight from everything in there would help press and preserve the flowers. o0o Every day from then while they camped in the woods, a small present always appeared on Alaine's bedroll. One day it was a handful of delicious blackberries. Another day it was a rock that caught the sun and sparkled as Alaine turned it this way and that. One time it was another sprig of flowers, this time the flowers were a soft yellow color. Besides the berries, which she shared around the fire one night, Alaine kept every present. The flowers joined the blue sprig in the linen and the rock was placed with care in her bag. Every time Alaine discovered her gift, a pair of blues eyes smiled as he watched a grin of delight cross her face… Just a silly little fluff chapter to sort of bridge things. I know it's rather short. Don't worry, I'll have a new, longer, more exciting chapter up soon I promise I will now that things have settled down. Please review and let me know what you thought 3 Love, Ginger[Chapter 16] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. Argh, I am the most terrible person. I really apologize for promising to update more often and then failing miserably. It's my final semester in college and it has been hectic. But I finally have had some time off due to a horrendous spring cold So enjoy the new chapter and leave some love 3 Part XV Soon the word came that the English were raising an army, intending to march north and smash the Scottish rebels once and for all. Only Robert the Bruce answered this by raising what few of the Scottish nobles that followed his word. Once this news had reached the hills, the Highlanders set aside their petty disputes and began trickling down from their castles and keeps in search of a fight. This was no longer a band of rebellious farmers running around the countryside attacking whatever English soldiers they came across. This had grown much larger, more vast than Alaine, the Campbell men, Liam, any of them had imagined. Except for William, perhaps he had an inkling what he was getting all of them into. Perhaps he knew what he had created and what it was becoming. For it was no longer a rebellion, for now war had been declared. o0o The scent of smoke from the breakfast fires still lingered in the air. Alaine was bent over her bedroll trying to fit everything into it so she could finish packing. They were breaking camp and preparing to ride to Stirling. Word had it that the Scottish nobles had gathered an army there and were intending to stand against the English. Alaine reached to her side, absently mindedly searching for prized wooden spoon. Her fingers met something warm and smooth, something that was definitely not wood. She turned in surprise to find the Mad Irishman kneeling by her side. He had picked up her spoon and was holding it out to her. Her hand was still resting on his and she drew it back quickly, a blush staining her cheeks. \"Here lass.\" His words were soft and he glanced up at her through his wildly braided locks. Alaine snatched the spoon from him, her blush deepening. She nodded her thanks, not trusting her voice not to rasp or squeak. \"Yea prepared for what's to come?\" Alaine cleared her throat before answering. \"Aye. This isn't mae first time to do battle. I am more thane capable of handling myself.\" Stephen let loose a low chuckle. \"Of that I donnae doubt. But this lassie, this is something else. Something few of us hae ever seen before. Your da knows, but you and your brother, even Wallace himself, hae never seen battle on this scale before.\" \"So what is your point Irishman?\" Alaine was angry at the perceived insult against William moreso than herself and her brother. Stephen held up a hand as if to ward off her anger. \"No point Fair One, just wanting to know if you know what you're getting yourself into.\" \"I am more than ready for this and yea best nae doubt William nor his followers Irishman,\" Alaine hissed. Stephen chuckled again setting off another look of fury across Alaine's face. \"Well lassie, one of us has to keep yea out of trouble, it might as well be me.\" And with that he stood up and strolled off across the camp. Alaine watched him leave, barely containing herself from shouting after him. How dare he presume she was not ready for battle? She had killed before and was prepared to do so again. And William knew perfectly well what he was about to do. Why else would she or any of them be following him? \"The Irishman goading you again sister?\" Hammish came to stand by his sister, looking down at her with a bemused look on his face. \"Ach, he speaks without knowing. Asking if we knew what was to come. Acting as if we were nae prepared.\" Hammish knelt by her and helped her roll up her bedroll, tucking in the sides and securing it. \"Donnae let him get under your skin Wee One, but he does hae a point.\" Hammish held up a hand, halting Alaine's protests. \"None of us hae seen fighting on this scale. There will be hundreds, thousands of men at Stirling. We hae never gone up against an English army this well prepared. It will be a challenge for all of us, but one we will get through one way or another.\" He handed Alaine her bedroll which she tied to the rest of her pack. \"Now let's get you ready for battle.\" The two siblings helped each other secure the boiled leather and studded armor that the rebels wore. Over Hammish's right shoulder and across his chest Alaine secured a sash with the blue and green Campbell colors on it. He did the same, securing it with a large brooch depicting a thistle ringed with knot work. Alaine's eyes opened wide at the sight of the brooch. It had been her mother's most prized position. It had been in her family for many generations and was to be handed down to Alaine on her wedding day. Hammish the Elder had silently come up behind his children and had been watching them ready each other for battle. \"Yea mother wanted you to hae this. Since the prospect of yea wedding day never came, she thought it would at least bring you some measure of peace and protection.\" He came forward and clasped her hand, his other going to Hammish's shoulder. \"I cannae not be more proud of yea nor wish for better children for none are as fierce nor brave as thee.\" Hammish the Elder's emotions got the better of him and he fell silent, beaming at his offspring. Alaine could feel the prickling of tears in her eyes as she beheld her family. \"Da…\" She could barely get the words out. Hammish raised his hand. \"Nae, no more of this, it is time.\" I know it's a little short, but the next one will be much longer, I promise. Read and review Love, Ginger[Chapter 17] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. Here is another chapter for your reading pleasure Part XVI Stirling The Scottish army was assembled at Stirling intending to stand against the English. Outnumbered and faced with the prospect of three hundred heavy horsemen, talk between the Scottish soldiers was uneasy. Suddenly a forest of lances could be seen coming over hill, silhouetted against the blue-gray sky. The sound of thousands of boots pounding the ground echoed off the land, making it sound like rolling thunder. Hundreds of horse hooves trampling the grass added to the din, vibrating the ground beneath their feet. \"Alright lads, I hae no time for these bastards. Let's go home.\" At once a great commotion arose from the Scots. Men turned and began streaming away from the battlefield, heads hung low, feet trudging through the mud and grass. o0o William rode lead, his hair streaming out behind him. Almost his entire face was painted blue, only a triangular wedge across the left side of his face was kept clear of wode. Behind him rode the Hammishes, Stephen, Liam, Alaine and a few others of William's men. They slowed as they crested the hill, men streaming by them on all sides. Alaine glanced around confused. Where were these men going? Were they deserting? She had braided her hair back in three tight braids that began one at her crown, and one on either side of her head. The pressed flowers given to her from her secret admirer had been woven in, giving her the appearance of attending a village fair rather than riding to battle. Blue wode swirls decorated each cheek and flowed up her forehead to meet above her brow. All of this, along with the scowl fixed to her face, made her appear stern and foreboding. Because of the nature of this battle, her bow and arrows would be of little use to her. She was mounted on her roan and would be charging with the rest of William's group. Her father and brother were not happy with this but they needed every rider they could get and they had little choice in the matter. Instead she was armed with a long battle axe, its twin in her brother's hand. It was secured to her back within grasp should she need it. Her sword was belted on her right side and a small wooden shield with a steel cap was secured to her saddle on her left. --- A pair of blues eyes kept glancing back at her, checking to make sure she was holding up alright. The sight of his presents, the flowers, in her hair had made him smile. He had watched with admiration as she applied her war paint. While Alaine may have been lacking in the feminine arts, she possessed a gracefulness and a wild beauty he had never seen belonging to another woman. She spoke with precision, choosing her words carefully except when her Scottish temper got the best of her. He could see that she possessed fair manners despite living in a war camp among rowdy men. He smiled again at the sight of her scowl. He intended to stick close to her throughout this whole ordeal. For if she were to be harmed, or God forbid, die, he would never forgive himself. --- They rode through the rebel army, the men parting before them. Alaine could hear the men whisper among themselves as it dawned on them who they were. \"That cannae be William Wallace. He is nae tall enough.\" Alaine snorted at this. They had all heard the outlandish tales being told about William Wallace. She found the ones about him not being tall enough to be particularly humorous because from where she stood, he was plenty tall enough already. \"The Almighty says this must be a fashionable fight for it has drawn the finest people,\" Stephen joked as they reigned in their horses before the nobles. \"For presenting yourselves on the battle field, I give you thanks,\" William addressed to Lochlan, one of the Scottish lords. \"This is our army. To join it you must give homage,\" Lochlan responded. William smirked at this notion. \"I give homage to Scotland. And if this is your army, why does it go?\" He wheeled his horse around and began riding down the front line. An older soldier standing slightly behind Alaine's horse called out; \"We didnae come here to fight for them.\" A young soldier next to him added his voice to the argument. \"The English are too many.\" Alaine's horse shielded at the outburst of voices from the crowd. Stephen directed his horse close to hers in an effort to calm its nerves. \"Sons of Scotland, I am William Wallace,\" William called out, wheedling his horse and riding back down the front line. The young soldier who had numbered the English too many called out again; \"William Wallace is seven feet tall.\" William nodded. \"Yes, I've heard. He kills men by the hundreds, and if he were here he'd consume the English with fireballs from his eyes and bolts of lightning from his arse.\" Alaine heard a chuckle come from Stephen at William's comment. \"Now that is something I would like to see,\" he murmured to her. She could not contain her giggle at the mental picture this prompted. William turned his horse again and the wind carried his words away from her and towards the uneasy men. She watched his face, strong, proud and animated. He loved his country and he loved his countrymen. Her heart thudded in her chest. She tried to tell herself it was just from nerves about the coming battle, and most of it was caused by them. But watching William inspire the men made her believe in him renew itself and she could feel the love for him grown inside of her. \"Alba gu bra!\" William shouted. Alaine raised herself from her saddle and shouted with the rest of her Scottish countrymen. \"Alba gu bra! Alba gu bra!\" o0o I wanted to have the battle of Stirling up tonight but because it is such a large battle and such a pivotal part of the movie and this story, I want to take my time with it and do it right. I'll have it up by tomorrow night at the latest. Fun fact: Wode is a mud based blue paint most associated with the Picts of ancient Scotland. The Picts would tattoo and/or paint their bodies with wode in an effort to scare and confuse their enemies. In the film Braveheart their painted faces have always seemed to be a homage to the Picts to me and so I chose their word, wode, for the face paint in this chapter. Also 'alba gu bra' is a Scots Gaelic phrase meaning 'Scotland forever' and one of the many things I have tattooed ; ) Please review Love, Ginger[Chapter 18] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. Warning: This chapter concerns the battle of Stirling Bridge so there will be some intense battle imagery and bloodshed. Not to mention a bare arse or two ; ) o0o Part XVII Stirling Alaine reigned in her horse, turning it to face the open field and the English army on the far side. Four horsemen broke from the English lines and cantered across the open field towards the Scottish. The Scottish lords broke from them, Lochlan shooting a parting glance back at William. Stephen glanced at William. \"Ach fine speech. Now what do we do?\" William grinned at him, a wild gleam in his eye. \"Just be yourselves.\" Hammish smirked and glanced at Alaine, \"That shouldn't be too hard.\" Alaine glared back at him. \"And what does that mean dear brother?\" The two were interrupted by William wheeling his horse around to face the field. \"Hey where are you goin?\" Hammish called to him \"I'm going to pick a fight.\" And with that he took off trotting across the field after the Scottish lords. \"Well we didnae get dressed up for nothing.\" Alaine glanced at Hammish, rolling her eyes. It was just like him to offer a quip at a time like this. With a grunt Alaine dismounted, pulling her sword out of her way. She reached over the saddle and tugged at the ties that held her shield to her saddle. She slung the straps up her arm and secured the shield. Reaching out she slapped the rump of her horse sending it galloping off of the battle field. Hammish, Da, and Stephen was following suit, dismounting, gathering their things, and sending their horses away. William caught up with the Scottish lords as they reached the English soldiers. Alaine watched them, trying to gauge what was being said. The men were too far away for her to see their faces but she could tell from the way William was riding in circles around the English commander he was agitating them. A priest in a long dark robe walked in front of Alaine. He casted holy water on to her with a flick of his fingers and mumbled a few words in Latin. Alaine bowed her head and made her peace with God. The Campbells had never been a family much for religion but her ma had made sure they knew their prayers. She could not come up with a single word of those prayers now. Alaine closed her eyes and thought a few words, asking for strength not only for the battle but what was to follow after. Alaine's prayers were interrupted by William returning. He dismounted, sending his horse off of the field. He assumed his place in the line and knelt to one knee as the priest approached him. Alaine and the others followed suit. The priest mumbled more Latin words over their bowed heads. Alaine wasn't quite sure in this plan of William's but she figured they could take all the luck they could get. She raised her head and caught sight of Stephen out of the corner of her eye. His head was raised to sky as if he was conversing with his Almighty Father but he remained silent. Whatever he was saying was strictly between him and God. With a sudden wild scream William arose, lifted his arms into the air, lofting his sword and shield about his head. The rest of the army followed suit. Some yelled insults and hurled curses. Others just let loose primal screams. Alaine raised her sword, turning it so the flat of it was facing her. She brought her shield to rest in front of her body and began beating her sword against the steel cap on her shield. The resulting sound rang out true and clear. The man behind her began to do the same and soon the entire army was pounding their weapons against their shields, against the ground. One man broke through the ranks, going to stand in front of the lines. He lifted his kilt, exposing himself to the English, and began wiggling his hips, taunting the enemy soldiers. Hammish glanced at Alaine, while she was a warrior, she was still his younger sister and he was unsure of her reaction to the man's display. Alaine caught his eye and shrugged. \"I've seen bigger.\" Suddenly the entire front line had cast down their weapons, gripped the edges of their kilts and raised them high. Alaine stood stock still, her kilt still modestly around her hips. She fought with her instincts, trying not to peek at William. 'Just one little look wouldnae hurt,' she reasoned. The other part of her fought back. If she were to see William in all of his glory then it would be under much more private circumstances. \"Get an eye full lass?\" A man called to Alaine from the back. \"If not, I can always give you an eye full.\" His comments were met with snickers and jeers from the men around him. Alaine kept her eyes forward but a slight blush crossed her cheeks. The English lines parted, allowing their archers to come forward. The prepped their arrows, drew back and then let loose. The Scottish craned their necks, watching the arrows course through the air. Alaine bent down bringing her shield up. The rest did the same, some scrambling for their shields. The arrows thunked into shield and flesh alike. The screams of the wounded and dying filled the air. Alaine glanced around, checking to see if those surrounding her had been hit. All most as soon as it had started the rain of arrows stopped. Most had not found their mark, thudding into shields or harmlessly into the ground. Almost as one they dropped their weapons, turned and lifted their kilts to moon the English. This time Alaine followed suit and bared her arse with the rest of the men. Several men craned their necks, trying to get a glimpse of what she kept hidden under her skirt. She flipped her kilt down and turned, all in one smooth motion, to grasp her shield. Another hail of arrows rained down on them. This time the Scotts were not as well prepared and more arrows found their mark. William stood up and turned to his left. \"Ride!\" he yelled, waving his arms at the nobles. At once they turned and rode away from the battlefield. Sudden movement from the English army distracted the Scottish. The archers were moving, shifting, making way for the heavy horsemen to ride through. At a call from the English general the horsemen started trotting towards the Scottish, slowly at first but gaining speed as they came farther and farther. \"Hold!\" William called. \"Hold! Hold!\" Alaine's brow beaded with sweat. Her hands became clammy, her stomach churned and her heart began to beat faster than she ever imagined it could. Her whole body became taunt with waiting. The ground began to shake violently under their feet. The horsemen approached quickly. They flowed over a small rise in the field and were almost upon them. \"Now!\" came William's call. They bent down and picked up the wooden stakes that had been lying there. The horses and their riders were impaled upon the lances. The crash was terrible, men and horses screaming, gory flying through the air. Alaine dodged a dying horse, pulling her sword free from its sheath. She side stepped and falling man and brought her sword up to meet the blow of an English soldier. She parried and twisted, casting his sword to the side. This left his body open allowing Alaine to turn, bringing her sword around and cutting into his side. The man tossed back his head and screamed. His blood flowed from his body and down the length of Alaine's sword. She wrenched it free and turned to face her next foe. The Scotts turned and charged at the English. A wild, terrible scream ripped itself from Alaine's throat. Her vision was tainted red and she could see nothing but the enemy in front of her. The blood lust was upon her. Time slowed and became nothing more than an endless series of chops, parries and thrusts. At some point the grip of Alaine's sword became so soaked with blood she lost it. She unsheathed her axe, not missing a beat, turning and hacking at the man behind her. The ground was soon soaked with blood and covered with a mess of entrails, the dying and the wounded. Alaine had been sparring with an English soldier, deflecting his blows with the handle of his axe. Suddenly her foot flew out from under her; she had tripped over the arm of a dead man. She went down painful onto one knee, wrenching her muscles. The soldier grinned and thrust his sword at her. At first Alaine thought he had missed but a sudden searing pain ripped through her arm. She let loose a scream and arched her body in pain. The axe slipped from her fingers. She stared, her eyes open as the soldier's head flew backward and a hand reached around, slitting his throat. The English soldier dropped to the ground, a surprised look forever etched on his face. Stephen stood behind him, panting, his hair matted with blood. Alaine gasped as another spasm of pain overtook her and she knew nothing more but darkness. o0o Well there you go; another chapter. I hope you all enjoyed it. Please leave me a nice review Love, Ginger[Chapter 19] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. I had so much fun writing this chapter. I hope you all enjoy reading Thanks to all my wonderful reviewers, much love! And special thanks to Govener Fink for making my day Part XVIII The sword had pierced Alaine's flesh right below her collar bone. It had missed her heart and she would survive but it hurt like a bitch. She had regained consciousness after it had been cleaned and cauterized on the side of the field. She would have live with a bandage covering her shoulder and constricting her movements for a few weeks; and she would have a scar there for the rest of her life. All in all, she had been extraordinarily lucky. A inch or two lower and she would have never awoken…. o0o \"You donnae know how to embroider?\" Lady Lochlan's serving woman stared at Alaine in shock. Alaine casted about for the woman's name but she had been introduced to so many people in the last two days it was impossible to remember them all. \"What about music? Can yee play? Or dancing?\" The woman inquired further. Lady Lochlan leaned forward. \"Peace Eithne. Let Lady Alaine rest. She has chosen a different path from ours, one quite beyond our understanding.\" She ended this with a little sniff and shot a reproachful look at Alaine. Alaine blushed and fixed her eyes upon the square of coarse linen the women had given her to practice her embroidery on. She had managed a few clumsy stitches and the linen was only marginally spotted with blood from her pricked fingers. It would have been a struggle for her to sew with two hands let along one bound up in bandages. \"With your permission, Lady Alaine, my ladies and I will withdraw and leave you to rest.\" Alaine glanced up at Lady Lochlan and nodded, managing a weak smile. She watched as the women gathered their sewing things and quietly left the room. Finally! Alaine thought they were never going to leave. The ladies had sat there sewing for hours upon end and had only wanted to talk about people Alaine was unfamiliar with and who they were sleeping with, who were also people Alaine did not know. At one point the conversation had turned to William Wallace and his army of dirty but brave men. The ladies had giggled and twittered about William and his blues eyes. Alaine bristled at this. She could not imagine William actually paying mind to one of these simpering creatures. The dreadful Eithne had turned to Alaine and had asked \"What is he like? Is he as powerful as they say?\" Alaine rushed to assure the girl William was more than powerful, he had a strong arm and was a more than capable swordsman. When the women began to snicker at her, Alaine felt like she had fell into some trap. Then it dawned on her what Eithne had meant and she bent her head, blushing furiously. Lady Lochlan had scolded Eithne who protested that any woman who rode with the men must ride them as well, for why else would they keep such an unwomanly woman about them. Alaine sighed and dropped her linen square onto the basket sitting next to her chair. She stood and rolled her shoulders trying to loosen the stiffness that had gathered while she was sitting. The bandages prevented her from doing more to regain the feeling in her arm. William and his most closest had been invited to Castle Craig at the behest of the nobles. William was to be knighted upon the marrow. Hammish, Stephen and her father were all to be rewarded as well. Alaine would not be recognized by them as she was a woman and had no place in such going-ons as Lady Lochlan pointed out to Lady Craig. The last few days had been a flurry of activity. Alaine had been separated from the men almost immediately upon arrival. She had been stripped of her armor and given a bath. Her skin had been scrubbed so hard that she was sure she would have none left. Her hair was lathered with a foul smelling concoction and was abused by a stout woman wielding a bone comb. Her scrapes and cuts had been tended to. The wound by her shoulder had been cleaned properly and rebandaged every day with fresh cloth. With her hair clean and shinning and her cheeks scrubbed pink, Alaine was dressed in small clothes, a under dress, tunic and kirtle. Her legs were clad in knee high stockings that were itchy and far too warm. She was provided with a pair of slippers that would have been little protection should she leave the castle. Since her transformation, Alaine had only glimpsed the men at the grand dinners the nobles had every night. She was seated far down the tables from them among the lesser ladies. Hammish was too caught up in the feasting to pay her much mind, but William and her da always nodded towards her, offering smiles of encouragement. A pair of blues eyes often watched her during the dinners but without her noticing. He noted the changes Alaine had gone through and the unhappiness that seemed to hover around her eyes. While he was concerned and ill pleased about Alaine's unhappiness, she was a warrior and would eventually find her spirit back and set things the way she wanted with the women. There was no time for conversation with William or the rest. Alaine was hustled from solarium to solarium and was plied with an endless supply of coarse linen. When she protested about this, Lady Craig and Lochlan had smiled indulgently and told her there was no room for her in the \"dealings of the men.\" Alaine could not wait until the morrow when William would be knighted and hopefully they could leave this blasted place. o0o Alaine was woken before the first rays of light had shown over the hills. She scrubbed clean again and her hair was brushed until it shone and Alaine thought her scalp would fall off. Her wound was cleaned again and bandaged so that she may be dressed properly. She was dressed in a dark green under dress. Gold embroidery showed around the edges of her sleeves and around the neck of the gown. Over this went a lighter, almost mint green, kirtle. The kirtle was gathered at Alaine's right hip to better expose the embroidery on her under gown. The serving woman presented Alaine with her mother's thistle brooch and had her secure her kirtle with it. Over this a belt tooled with a little gold filigree went. It hung low on Alaine's hips, emphasizing her trim waist and curvy hips. The hair at the sides of her temple were drawn back and braided. Gold colored ribbon was woven into the braids. Alaine was presented with a polished copper mirror. She surveyed the strange woman would stared at her, wide eyed, from the mirror. She reached up and stroked her cheek with a finger. Maybe, just maybe, she would do. The arrival of Lady Lochlan and Lady Craig broke through Alaine's reverie. They were dressed in similar outfits to Alaine's but which were made of finer cloth and contained more elaborate embroidery. They looked Alaine up and down. Lady Craig reached forward and adjusted the folds of Alaine's kirtle. \"You will do,\" pronounced Lady Lochlan with a nod. o0o \"The Lady Alaine Campbell.\" Alaine blushed at hearing her name announced. She cast her eyes down at the floor as she waited for the heavy doors to open and grant her entrance into the hall. 'Why are yee looking down? Yee have nothing to be ashamed of.' The thought idly crossed Alaine's mind. Her eyes widened. She was Alaine Campbell, daughter of Hammish Campbell of one of William Wallace's most trusted. She indeed had nothing to be ashamed of. Perhaps she did not act like the noble ladies, but she was not noble herself. She was a warrior first and she was going to act like it. Alaine straightened her back and lifted her head. Her eyes snapped with mischief. Eithne would have a fit if she could hear Alaine's thoughts. She squared her shoulders and set her chin high and prepared to make her entrance. The doors swung open revealing a packed room. Men pressed in from every side. All heads were turned towards her. A small smile formed on Alaine's lips as she saw the look in William's eyes. His eyes opened wide at the sight of her. A look of astonishment and appreciation crossed his face. He smiled at her, bowing his head slightly. Her father was beaming proudly at her. Hammish, her brother, offered her his easy grin and a sarcastic eye roll. Alaine glanced at Stephen. She saw something in his face she could not identify but it made her redden and glance away. Carefully she descended the stairs and came to stand behind the men. The men turned to face forward with William standing slightly in front. He kneeled, his head held high. \"I knight thee Sir William Wallace….\" o0o The sight of Alaine entering the hall made up his mind.He would make her his. Well here you go. I hope you all enjoyed it. I know I took some liberties with the time period, no one back then would have been bathed that much, but it just seemed to fit. Please review Much love, Ginger 3[Chapter 20] Sadly I do not own Braveheart or anything connected with it. Alaine Campbell is of my own creation and the so-called plot to this story is the product of my wildest fantasies. Hey, sorry about the delay in posting but its crunch time at school and things have been hectic. I have decided that I need a beta reader. If you are interested in working with me, feel free to send me a private message on here with a little bit about yourself and a short sample of your work Thanks to everyone who leaves reviews and to everyone who is reading this. Special shout outs go to: Gaia'schild: First off, I love your name. Second, I am in total agreement with you about Stephen. Ginger Locks: Yay another ginger in the crowd! And thanks so much, I'm really glad you're enjoying Alaine and her story. Twilitefan: Thanks so much Also I cannot believe I'm almost up to twenty chapters with this…. Part XIX Alaine groaned softly and rolled onto her side. Her entire body ached. Her feet were sore. The muscles in her legs tingled after griping the sides of her horse for so long. Rocks kept digging into her back making it impossible to sleep. It was not any more comfortable on her side. Instead of her back, now the rocks dug into her hip. With a frustrated sigh Alaine flipped back her blankets and sat up. Around her William's men slept. It had been tough the last few weeks. William had the idea of striking back at the English on their own land and so the Scots had marched south towards York. The battle at York had been long, messy and ultimately successful for the Scots. Once again Alaine whispered prayers to whoever was listening for bringing those near and dear to her through the battle. The sights and sounds of the battle filled Alaine's head whenever she closed her eyes. Just another reason to add to the list as to why she could not sleep. Alaine rose slowly, careful not to make any noise. She grabbed the top most blanket and wrapped it around her shoulders as protection from the chill of the night. With slow, soft steps she made her way past sleeping forms and towards the dying embers of that night's fire. She settled herself near the fire, her fingers grasping an errant stick with which to prod the fire back into life. \"Cannae sleep?\" The voice startled Alaine, coming from the shadows on the other side of the fire. Alaine looked up, the sudden spark of flame blinding her for a moment. Finally she could make out the soft smile on Stephen's face as he leaned into the light. \"Trouble sleeping?\" he asked softly. Alaine nodded. \"My body is too tired to sleep and…\" she trailed off. Stephen flashed her a questioning look. \"And?\" \"And nothing.\" She would not admit to having nightmares. Stephen nodded knowingly and thankfully fell silent. They sat there companionably quiet, starring into the fire. Alaine watched the play of light across his face when she thought he was not looking. \"Tell me about your home,\" she said suddenly, breaking the silence. \"Tell me about Ireland.\" Alaine moved closer to the fire, moving to hear him better. Stephen glanced up at her, surprised by her sudden interest. A grin split his face and a twinkle filled her eye. \"Well it is just like Scotland, but better of course,\" he teased. Alaine chuckled and rolled her eyes a bit. \"Seriously, what is it like?\" Stephen's voice grew softer, his eyes distant. \"Rolling green hills as far as the eyes can see. There are more sheep than men it seems like. They feed on huge fields of clover. That is what I miss the most, the smell of fresh clover. There is nothing quite like it. So rich and earthy, fresh, clean.\" He paused for a moment. \"Pure.\" \"There are huge crags, older than man. Some say they were once giants who fell asleep for so long that they turned to stone. Lakes and streams are filled with the purest water. If you were to look you could see all the way to the bottom with no trouble at all. The mists creep in every night. They swallow the land whole. Waking every morning to find the world wrapped in gray….\" Stephen trailed off. They were silent for a moment, Stephen lost in his memories and Alaine studying his face intently. This was a whole new side of the Mad Irishman. A side that she was coming to tolerate, even like. \"Tell me about your family. Do you have brothers and sisters?\" \"Aye. There are enough of us to be considered our own tribe,\" Stephen said with pride and a smile. \"My dear sweet mother Deirdre raised all us with a quick hand and a long spoon. Seven boys and three girls there are. I am the third eldest. Padrick, the eldest, is following Da and taking over the croft. Marie is married with her own brood. After me are the twins Cormand and Dermont. Then Adara and Keira. Connor, Declan and Baby Liam follow.\" \"That is quite the family you have there Irishman. You must miss them.\" Alaine meant it as a question more than a simple comment. \"Ach, they are all as mad as me, if not madder and there is not room enough for all of us on my island. It is mah turn to venture and see what awaits me. My brothers are keeping my island for me while I am gone.\" Just as she thought he was capable of being serious, Stephen reminded her why they called him the Mad Irishman. Alaine shook her head and stood up. \"Thank you for answering my questions Irishman. You have bored me more than enough to send me to sleep.\" She tried to keep her voice flat but a teasing tone snuck in at the end. Stephen threw back his head and gawffed. There was some humour in her yet. Stung by his laughter, Alaine turned and stalked off to her bed roll. She flopped down and pulled the blankets up to her chin. Thoughts of misty mornings and green hills filled her thoughts as she drifted off to sleep… Well there ya go! I hope you all enjoyed it. Leave me some love ; ) Love, Ginger ","Summary":" I love Braveheart, andnbeing of Scottish descent, the story has always intrigued me. This isnmy eff"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"The Outcast","Author":"Veta-Chan","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/9485491","Passage":"[Chapter 1] The townspeople gathered around the podium as train tycoon Latham Cole made his announcement. \"Today, ladies and gentlemen, is the day of one of America's biggest triumphs; connecting America from east to west!\" Applauding came from everyone. \"And on top of that,\" Cole added, \"we all shall witness the hanging of the young and beautiful yet notorious Blake for her crimes of robbery and murder. And rest assured, outlaw Butch Cavendish will be caught as well.\" More applause. Cole made his thanks and steps down from the podium. One of Cole's fellow businessmen came up to him and said, \"Well done, Cole, sir! Now are you sure that Blake child won't get away? She's a sneaky one.\" \"Yes sir, Mr. Johnson. She'll meet her demise today for sure.\" Unbeknownst to either of them, an albino golden eagle watches over them and flies off towards to oncoming train just a few miles ahead. ... ... ... Texas Ranger Daniel Reid looks outside his window and sees the buffalo herd moving out of the train's way. He chuckles at the creatures, half of him feeling sorry for them for God knows what reason, the other half amused by the creatures. \"What's so funny?\" asks the woman in front of him. He turns his attention towards her and replies, \"Oh. Well, those buffaloes. They're mysterious things, aren't they?\" The woman nods back. \"I've never really seen those kind before,\" she adds. Dan nods in agreement and chuckles. But he sets his mind back to the prison cart, carrying two criminals ready to hanged for their own crimes. Dan looks back out, and he could have sworn he saw a large white bird fly swiftly past the car. He shakes it off and reads his pamphlet ... ... ... The only sound that fills the train car was the clacking of the new railway. Of course more cars were attached along with the prison cart that held a teen-aged girl, probably not much older than 15, dressed in black except for her creme colored button up shirt and scarf, her hair was short and beige with one half of it covering her icy blue eye, the other half exposing her maroon colored eye. Her black hat shaded her face. Another outlaw, around mid thirties and scraggly looking, was right next to her. The outlaw takes quick split second glances at the teenager. Something about her made him feel uneasy. She knows that he is watching her but doesn't acknowledge it. Both turn to hear the door open and see the warden with another round of booze. The warden comes up to her and stops and says, \"Lookin' awlf'lly too purtteh ta be hangin'. But it don' matte' now.\" Blake just looks up with a smirk and rolls her eyes. He, the warden, gave her a disgusted look and said, \"Them ol' Rangers'll wipe tha' damn smirk off yer face once yous in tha' noose!\" and gave her a little kick. This didn't faze her. She looks back at his partner shuffling a deck of cards. She notes that he had been doing that for ten minutes now. \"Ya gettin' bored over there~?\" she asks sarcastically with her grin. \"Why don'cha shut yer mouth, missy?!\" barks the warden's partner. Blake just nods, eyes on him as he makes his way back to the crate table. At the precise moment, when both had their backs turned, she reaches for the floor board and quietly fiddles with a nail, making her index finger and thumb bleed. As she does so, she sings a death tune: \"~O, Death O, Death Won't you spare me over til another year Well what is this that I can't see With ice cold hands takin' hold of me Well I am death, none can excel I'll open the door to heaven or hell Whoa, death someone would pray Could you wait to call me another day ,~\" She lifts the board. Under it was a knife. The other outlaw notices the movement and watches bug-eyed. \"~The children prayed, the preacher preached Time and mercy is out of your reach I'll fix your feet til you cant walk I'll lock your jaw til you cant talk I'll close your eyes so you can't see This very air, come and go with me I'm death I come to take the soul Leave the body and leave it cold To draw up the flesh off of the frame Dirt and worm both have a claim~\" Blake puts a finger to her lips as she makes the coldest of cold smiles. He shudders as he put the pieces together of her cold plan of escape. She continues with the cold song of death. \"~O, Death O, Death Won't you spare me over til another year My mother came to my bed Placed a cold towel upon my head My head is warm my feet are cold Death is a-movin upon my soul Oh, death how you're treatin' me You've close my eyes so I can't see Well you're hurtin' my body You make me cold~\" The men admit, however, that the song was sung so beautifully by such a cold hearted, blood thirsty girl. The tune of it can send chills down their spines. \"~You run my life right outta my soul Oh death please consider my age Please don't take me at this stage My wealth is all at your command If you will move your icy hand Oh the young, the rich or poor Hunger like me you know No wealth, no ruin, no silver no gold Nothing satisfies me but your soul O, death O, death Wont you spare me over til another year Wont you spare me over til another year Wont you spare me over til another year~\" ... ... ... A gang rides up by a cliff. There are supposed to be six of them; one being a bird; the other their boss, awaiting her execution. An Italian man in his early to mid fifties opens up a pocket watch and checks the time. Her train was arriving to the station just in time. \"Well! Just on-a time!\" The Italian man closes his pocket watch. \"Wh-what're we w-w-waitin' fo'?! L-Let's go!\" says a scuzzy New England outlaw An African American man chuckles. \"Alright. Let's move!\" The rogue gang rides out towards the train. ... ... ... Dan continues reading his pamphlet. He really didn't heed no mind to the other passengers in the same car as him. He manages to shake off the sight of the white bird. Dan looks at his pocket watch and notes that they should be arriving to the station on time. But then again, maybe not. From the corner of his eye, Dan could now swear that there is a silhouette of a man. And on top of the car. The sound of footsteps made the passengers look up, and that included Dan. The door opened. \"I hope y'all don' have anythin' impor'ant comin' inta town today!\" All heads turn to see two thugs at the door. One had a high Scottish accent and brownish-auburn hair parting from his forehead. He only wore a black vest barely tinted with green and dark jeans. The other was the scuzzy New England-er. He had a long nose and high cheek bones. His grin showed he has a missing tooth. His clothing consisted of a dark grey vest and white shirt along with jeans. Dan suddenly realized what was going on. This was a train robbery! ... ... ... \"Stretch break, boss!\" Blake announced. The warden rolled his eyes and unlocked her. \"Ya got five minutes, lady! And dis is your last one before ya go!\" Blake nodded and muttered, \"Right~.\" As Blake stretched out her back, the other outlaw tried to throw some pieces of wood at the warden and warn him. He even tried whispering to him. Not much luck. Two minutes passed. At his third go, he gets the warden's attention. The outlaw signs that Blake had a knife in her coat and was going to kill them. The warden shakily grabs his gun, but Blake was too fast for him, and took him down. She draws her knife, covers his mouth with her free hand and slits his throat. Blood spurts everywhere and on her face. The warden's partner is shaken by the sudden scene and tries to take his gun; once again, Blake was too fast as she draws her own gun and shoots him. Blake smiles grimly and turns to the outlaw, his hands in the air, pleading for mercy. \"Normally, I would spare ya~,\" she says slyly, \"but then again, I don't leave any survivors. And when I mean any-\" she shoots him in the head, dead right on the spot. \"-I mean no one!\" ... ... ... \"C'mon! Anyone gonna speak up?\" Nobody could say a word as the thug duo went up and down the aisle. Women were holding onto their children tightly. Elders saying their final prayers. But Dan; Dan wanted to stand up and defend the passengers. He was a Texas Ranger after all. He stands and says, \"What could you possibly want that's so damn valuable on this train!? There's nothin'!\" The scuzzy looking thug laughs at Dan for his obliviousness. \"V-Valuable? Y-You mean our b-boss?\" 'Boss?' Dan thought to himself. \"Who are ya talkin' about?\" That's when a scream and gunfire rang from the prison car. All turned their heads. The thugs laughed and exclaimed, \"That was Blake, now wasn' it?\" 'Blake?...' \"Blake!\" Without much thought, Dan ran out and to the prison cart. ' How did she get out?! I thought they knew better! ' Dan thought to himself. He found the car door, but it was a little too heavy to open. However, the peephole was ajar, and saw the girl with the other prisoner. He really couldn't hear her but he could make out this: \"Normally, I would spare ya~... But then again, I don't leave any survivors. And when I mean any-\" she shot and killed the other prisoner. \"-I mean no one!\" With all his strength, Dan pried the door open and got in. \"Texas Justice Department!\" Dan exclaimed. Blake gave him a cold stare and pointed the gun at him. \"Oh. Just another ranger, eh~?\" Dan's heart was racing, and he didn't know why. \"Sucks for you, do'en't it~?\" What did she mean? \"Blake! Put the gun down. Now !\" Dan ordered. Blake coldly giggled at his order and said, \"What would be the point of a stand off, dear Ranger~?\" \"Blake. There will be no stand off if you can just cooperate with me. You're gonna be hangin' soon.\" \"Oh~. I don't think so, my dear Ranger~.\" They both felt the train pick up speed as Dan went down but Blake held her ground. \"Looks like my boys did their job~.\" ... ... ... Blake locks shackle on Dan's ankle and smiles coldly. \"Well, well~! Looks like the tables've turned, Ranger~. I'll be sure that you be safe with those on.\" Blake backs away from Dan and laughs at his current place. \"Oh, yeah. You'll be secure alright~.\" The door slides open and her horse was waiting for her along with her gang and the white bird. \"Be seein' ya in Hell, Ranger~!\" she jumps right on the saddle and was out of sight. Only their cheers could be heard now. The most notorious female criminal was on the loose. And Dan had to get out. And find her.[Chapter 2] The loud obnoxious yelping from Blake's gang filled the saloon. Drunken laughter echoed throughout as they celebrated her escape. \"Eh, boss. I-uh-I shoulda m-mentioned this a wh-while 'go, but yuh still got some- some blood on ya,\" noted Scuzz. The beige haired girl licked her lips and said, \"Ey. Blood's blood. It's gonna wash off~.\" Scuzz gave a little nervous chuckle. To her gang, they thought it was a little odd for her not to be drinking any alcohol by now. She never did say why; but then again, she really didn't like talking about her past. \"'ey, yo, Wallowitz! Heard anyt'ang about dat train?\" asked Freighter, their muscle-man. \"I hear' that Ranger man got out an' saved th' train. Along wit' the passengers.\" \"I said I didn't want no survivors~,\" Blake muttered under her breath. But in admittance, she raised her eyebrows and added, \"But, I admit; He did have the guts to do so~.\" \"S-Sorry I got here late, boss!\" All except Blake turn their heads and see Jake coming towards their usual area. \"The Hell've you been, Jake? Hittin' on more whores, again?\" she asks rolling her eyes. Her gang laughs at her remark. Yes, true, Jake was the lustful type of guy, but his attitude can get in the way a lot. \"Well, ya know, I- never mind…\" Jake said in defeat. Blake does her nod that says ' Of course never mind, ya jack wagon! ' Edgar, the mustached Italian man of her gang, tapped her on the shoulder after her gang stopped laughing at poor Jake. \"You know, madame. I have heard from-a various other outlaws that there were rumors about a si-\" Suddenly, gunshots and loud yelping rang through the bar. All heads except Blake's turn to see another gang harassing a poor soul. Blake motions with her head to turn back to the front. \"Ignore 'em,\" she muttered, \"an' don't say anythin'\" They obeyed without question. Blake tried to hear what one of the men was talking about but could only hear \"Listen to me, an' ya better listen good! If I don't git that damn money in by tomorrow…,\" before the voice lowered into a threatening mutter. The mentioning of money, however, did catch her attention. \"What's he talking about?\" whispered Edgar. Blake just shrugged. \"Not sure, Ed,\" she muttered back. It wasn't long before the gang threw out the frail man out the door with them laughing at him. \"And don't come back 'til ya get it sorted out! Ya hear me?!\" one of the men yelled. The gang turned around and saw the people still staring at them, bewildered. \"What're y'all lookin' at?\" the same man yelled. Blake heard the chairs scrape and murmurs from the people and the sound of spurs clinking. She heard the clinking come closer and closer towards her gang's spot at the bar. From the corner of her eye, she caught a glimpse of one of the men sitting next to her through her side bangs. He was a bearded man who had black hair that went to his collar bone, a white feather in his hair (she assumed it was a hawk's feather), a scar on his lip that went up to his nostril, and eyes as blue as the dusk. Blake felt him glaring at her with a cold stare and said, \"You in my spot, lil' lady. Move, why don'cha, sweetheart~?\" \"…No.\" ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Did she just say ' no '?! He asked her again, this time in a more threatening tone. \"I said: MOVE !\" \"And I said: NO !\" \"What the hell part of ' Move ' didn' ya understand?\" Blake turned to him and flipped her hair out of her right eye, exposing her blue eye. \"An' what the hell part of ' no ' didn't YOU understand?\" Blake turned back to the front. Her gang gasped and smirked under their breath as Blake gave him her eye. That's it. He had it with her! The man pulls his gun out and points it towards her. Then both gangs pull their guns out and point them at each other, minus Blake of course. \"I wouldn' do that if I were you~,\" she tells them. \"And why not?\" the man asks. Blake just whistled a tune and her eagle Japhet flew right next to him. He looked at the bird and looked into his blood red eyes. The eagle gave a small screech before the man turned back to Blake. \"Reconsiderin'~~,\" she said slyly and with a sly smile. He rolled his eyes and put his gun back. Both gangs did the same. \"Fine,\" he said. \"Skinny! Gimme that damn crow,\" the man demanded. Skinny, in which Blake assumed was the bearded one, went out and brought back a crow. She just chuckled and said, \"A bird fight? That's what you're challenging me to?\" \"If that's the only way to make you leave,\" said the man with a grin. She raised an eyebrow and saw his silver tooth. ' Well, then… This oughta be easy ,' she thought. With the tables and chairs cleared out of the way, both bird holders took their places and walked slowly in a circle; with everyone watching. \"I hope that lil' birdy of yours doesn't fall too quickly~!\" \"Don't git your hopes too high, missy!\" Once the go was signaled, both let their birds fly at each other. Japhet locked talons with the crow, his talons obviously much bigger than hers. Screeching and cawing filled the saloon and people started to cover their ears from Japhet's screeching. Blake sat back and smiled her cold smile as the long haired man looked at the birds with a serious look. Japhet's fastest time to take down another bird was at least thirty seconds. He took the raven down in twenty five seconds. Japhet put his talon on the raven's neck, waiting for his master's go. \"Kill it!\" Blake yelled. Japhet didn't hesitated to drive his beak into the crow's neck, his free talon taking the chance to tear into her abdomen. Blood spewed on the eagle's face and body. The crow cawed her last. Japhet took the bird's heart and ate it. Blake smiled coldly and heard someone throw up in the background from the putrid scene. She whistled the bird back to her and the eagle came back all bloodied. Her gang congratulated her for yet another successful kill. The man and his guys looked at the dead crow in horror and thought how a girl could just smile at such a thing. The bar was filled with murmurs again as they tried to go back to their business, most still scarred for life after what just happened. The man with long hair sighed and walk towards her. \"Not bad, kid,\" he noted. Blake nodded and replied, \"But ya knew that raven wouldn't stand a chance against my dear Japhet~. Why'd ya do so~?\" He only grinned and told her, \"Wanted to see if that bird had anything.\" She gave the man a suspicious look. \"O' course. Japh's never disappointed me~.\" Few second's later, she asked the scar faced man, \"Who exactly are you?\" Her gang eaves dropped their conversation, hands on their guns. \"Well,\" he started, \"Name's Butch Cavendish.\" \"The-the man who eat-eats human flesh,\" Scuzz finished. Butch nodded. \"Butch, huh...? Pro'ly heard about you.\" \"And you might've heard 'bout what's in the Comanche territory. Haven't ya?\" Blake raised an eyebrow. \"Not so sure where ya gettin' at?\" Butch smirked and replied, \"I got myself a pretty good deal for such a lovely lady like you and your boys. I've got a silver mine just in the Comanche territory. We've got miners digging up more silver even as we speak. You and your boys can have them… If you join up with me a' my boys~.\" This sounded like the deal of her life. She could be richer than the Queen of England. All she had to do was say yes, and they can be on their way. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... But then again. What if this was just a set up? \"Ya think I'm gonna fall for that bullshit?\" Blake said after thinking on it, raising her eyebrow. Her guys gasped and looked at her in confusion and distrust, especially Edgar. They were whispering things to her like, \" Are you crazy?! You can't be serious about this! \" Butch thought she was crazy. \"You serious?! You are dropping an offer of your life, miss-\" \"Blake. But don'cha dare even call me 'Miss', 'Missy' or whatever the Hell ya call me! I know what yer up to!\" Blake started to walk out the bar but stopped and turned around. She gave her gang a ' Move your asses! ' look; and they followed nervously. Butch just shook his head. They stepped over the dead crow.[Chapter 3] \"With all due respect, Blake, but what you just did back there was absolutely INSANE!\" yelled Edgar. \"You just dropped an offer that could have possibly made us the wealthiest people in Amer-\" \"Ed! I don't care what that Butch guy said! For all I know, he coulda been lyin' to us about that mine!\" Blake rudely responded. The sun was setting and she already got tired of them mentioning the dropped offer. This was the sixth time Edgar had mentioned it. It's no wonder the man was so greedy. After a few silent seconds, Wallowitz just had to say it again. \"Ya know Ed's right, Blake. I can't believe ya-\" Wallowitz didn't even finish his sentence when Blake stopped her horse and turned to them, both guns out and pointing right at them. \"Say it again. Go ahead! Jus' try me!\" None of them said a word, but Jake was about to open his mouth when she lowered her gun to an area where it should hurt them. \"Do. I make. Myself. CLEAR?!\" she threatened. They shook their heads and protected their crotches. Blake grinned and put her revolvers away. \"Good.\" She made the horse continue forward with them shivering from her threat. ... The gang found a place to camp out for the night. Freighter found wood to build a fire and Japhet flew and found them game, maybe a little than they wanted. He was, however, very gluttonous. The gang gathered around the fire and told them stories of their life and some memories and a bit of their personality leaked out. Freighter was a free African man whose mother was also a slave in the South. But even after his freedon, he was full of his pride of being a free black man in a free country. Edgar came all the way from Britain as a former train tycoon. He was on the border of wealth and fame, and losing his job. That was because he was found corrupted and too greedy about his money. So they kicked him out and sent him to America. Scuzz wasn't the type of man that liked much work; Blake knew that for sure about most people. But his laziness and his unenthusiastic attitude got him fired from his one job as a bank clerk. Jake. Now Jake was a woman's man. He can swoon girls in any shape. Sometimes, he'd might go a bit over the edge, and may even sleep with them after 'their fun time'. Wallowitz was a man full of jealousy. He wished he had everything everyone wanted. But at the same time, he knew that wasn't going to happen. He usually became jealous of what other people looked like. He hated how he had a slight hunch back and tooth gap. But in the end, he said, that's just how you are. Well. Most of them. Blake never said a single word about her past, nor a single memory from then. \"Y-ya know, Blake. Y-ya haven't s-s-said anyth-thin' ab-bout yerself.\" \"Yeah, Blake!\" Jake noted. \"Why don'cha tell us somethin'.\" \"We told you ours. How 'bout you?\" Freighter asked. The camp went silent for a while. Blake looked away from them and said, \"Well... To be honest: I don't think it's worth discussin' about. Not really somethin' I should be talkin' 'bout.\" Some nodded in agreement, others, not really convinced by her reply. \"But, if ya really wantin' to know, then fine,\" Blake said after a few awkward seconds of silience, \"but it's kinda long. So hope y'all don't mind.\" Nobody disagreed with her and listened to her story. ... \"Ya see. I was born into a wealthy family. So wealthy, we owned some horses. Even ran in the Derby in Britain. But some would come in second, third, get money from a trifecta an' whatnot. Well, 'nyway. My papa taught me how to ride a horse, how to shoot a gun, and pretty much anything a boy could do. Cuzz I really didn't like the things most girls did. Now that was frowned upon these days, ya know? My mama taught me to cook, clean, an' all that girly shit. That really did much for me. I loved my fam'ly with ev'rythin'. The reason's probably cuzz I can just dsecribe our clan like this: We're bright as day, but also dark as night. It's like that cuzz our hair's bright like the sky, but we have dark eyes; dark as night. I thought it was a weird metaphor for us but, ya know, I bought it. And I still sorta do. But, I'm a little... Different from them, cuzz my eyes are two different colors. So I don't think it worked as much for me. And really; it's too bad I don't see 'em anymore. Well, actually, to put it this way: my family didn't last too long. See? I found this man, I don't remember what he looked like. But, I brought him to my fam'ly an' they took him in, hook-line-an'-sinker. When I saw him, I knew he had that look of insanity in him, but I really never mentioned it to 'em. Cuzz ya know, I wa'nt supposed to ask stupid questions 'bout stangers. Then, we got him all fixed up an' all that. I had a gut feelin' that wasn't a good idea. That night, we were supposed to be sleepin', and I didn't know this 'til next mornin... He killed them. Killed 'em all. All but me. I dunno why. But he spared me. An' I thought he did it for a reason. I'm still scarred for life after that. Makes me wanna... Well, actually, I guess that's why I sorta, ya know, ... snapped. Wanted revenge. Wanted his blood on me.\" ... ... ... Blake finished her story. Her men gave her looks of pity and sympathy. \"Wow, Blake... I had no idea,\" muttered Edgar. \"It's fine. It's just been a long time,\" she replied. \"I can only imagine,\" Freighter said. The sound of a coyote howling made them jump out of their skin. \"Such a lonely sound, don't'cha think~?\" Blake asked. Wallowitz nodded. \"Makes ya think that we aren't the only ones out here, ya know?\" \"That's fer sure,\" Blake murmured. ... ... The moon was up. It was a full moon. Everyone was asleep. Almost. There was something out in the darkness that kept Blake up. She knew they weren't alone. On a distant cliff, two Natives could see the group fast asleep. ... ... ... Scuzz woke up in a jolt. He looked around and didn't see Blake. He scanned their camp again and then found Blake standing on the border line of the desert. Scuzz gave a sigh of relief and walked up to her. Blake didn't turn around but knew that it was Scuzz coming up to her. He stood next to her and looked at her. She was looking out in the desert. He looked out in that direction and back to her. \"What? Whatcha see?\" he asked. Blake pulls out a knife and shows it to him. And it's not hers. Her gaze never left the horizon. \"What is this, Scuzz?\" she asked. He took the knife and examined it. \"It-it's an indian's.\" \"Comanche. Found it by me this morinin',\" she told him. Scuzz gave her a shocked yet confused look. \"Y-you do-don't think w-we're near the C-Comanch-che border? D-d-do ya?\" Blake looked at him with certainty and said, \"'fraid so.\" Both went back down to the camp and woke up the others and explained their current situation. \"Those indians'll do anythin' to make us leave their lands,\" Freighter noted, \"But what amazes me is that they even knew we were here in the dark in the first place.\" \"They're quirky people, alright,\" Edgar added. The gang talked about maneuvering through the Comanche lands and sneak around the tribe. Jake then had an idea. \"Well, hold on a sec. What if they just warnin' us to stay out? We can send someone to check it out.\" All nodded in agreement, and Blake was actually surprised by him, but didn't say anything. \"So then,\" Blake started. \"Any volunteers~?\"[Chapter 4] The sun was up and the heat was starting to make Blake feel a little uncomfortable. And her cuss rant didn't help. \"Yeah. Oh yeah! Ya get the bloody youngest one to go out here! Thinkin' they gonna get killed! They're just so fuckin' lazy! Oh, I know ! Why don't we jus' send someone dumb enough to even go out here. Oh an' while you're at it, DON'T GIT KILLED! God, those assholes! Lazy assholes more likely! I just know it! Even that damn bird didn't bother to come! Hell he's just a fatass bird! What the hell else is he gonna do?!\" She turned back to the direction she came from and yelled out, \"I hope y'all appreciate what I go through for you!\" Blake looked out for a while with an innocent look before returning to her set mood and flipping them off from a distance and continued walking. At least she appreciated that her horse Nightmare came along. Blake let him stay close by under some shade under a cliff. But he wasn't wanting to rest; something was bothering him. And it wasn't an animal. Above the cliff looking down at Blake, two Comanche tribesmen watched the teenaged girl cuss to herself and a little too loud. They glanced at each other and back to her. Blake continued, \"And on top of that, they think they can get away with what they just did?!\" There was a crunching of dirt, and then a clinking of metal. \"God I'm just gonna-!\" ... ... ... ... ... ... Wait... ... ... ... Metal? Blake took a look back but saw nothing. She sported the most confused look on her face as she walked back to where she felt the little bump on the dry ground. Blake moved her beige hair out of her eye to see well. She knelt down and felt for the bump. Once she found it, she brushed it off with the sleeve of her coat, and found something she knew that probably wasn't supposed to be there. Metal train tracks. Blake raised her eyebrow. ' Why the Hell would this be here? Especially in the middle of the bloody desert... And in Indian territory ,' she thought. Then it hit her. Blake snapped her head to look up and avert her gaze to her left. \"Oh Hell no!\" she yelped. Blake grabbed her revolver and shot at the air. Just as she thought. Unfortunately. Pieces of arrow fell a few feet away from her. It wasn't long before a second arrow eventually hit her on the shoulder. Blake grimaced in pain and went on one knee gripping her shoulder. She scanned the area and found two lone tribesmen, Comanche, she concluded, armed and ready to fire again. Blake grabs her other gun and shoots in their direction. Of course those were only warning shots. \"Don't come near me!\" she informed, \"Y'all know I'm just gonna shootcha!\" They ignored her and fired their arrows. She dodged them and ran back to find her horse. She didn't notice the tribesmen had left to mound on their horses. By then, when Blake had run a few yards, the sound of hooves could be barely heard from behind. Blake ran even faster, thinking she could get farther than them. The tribesmen fired more arrows at her, one hitting her in the back of her leg. She quickly pulls it out and limply runs. Blake eventually whistled loudly for Nightmare and he came running up to her. She mounds on quickly and turns back to the Comanche. What she saw was something she really wasn't expecting. \"Oh, you are fuckin' kiddin' me!\" Scuzz paced back and forth. \"Boss's s-sure been g-g-gone for a wh-whi-ile now, hasn't sh-sh-she?\" he stuttered. \"Jus' give her a little time, Scuzz,\" Freighter said. \"She'll be back.\" Wallowitz, however, was the most nervous out of them all. \"Somethin' tell me that Blake's gonna kill us when she gits back.\" Edgar couldn't have agreed more. \"She's a dangerous one, alright.\" Jake just sounded pissed for some reason. \"Jes shut up! Blake's just been gone for 5 hours!\" \"Speakin' of, Jake!\" Freighter announced. Everyone went up to Freighter and tried to see. \"There she is!\" Through his telescope (well, Edgar's really) he saw the black cladded lady-outlaw on her horse. But the look on her face really surprised him the most. \"And she's... Lookin' kinda frantic.\" All gave judgmental looks to Freighter. \"It's like she's bein' chased by someone.\" \"Who?\" Jake asked. \"Wait! It's those Comanches!\" \"Those?\" \"H-h-how many?\" Freighter checked again. \"Two.\" \"Okay. Not bad,\" Wallowitz said. \"If boss needs help, we'll-\" \"Hold on, Walli...\" And then at least 48 more Comanche warriors came into view. Cue the best combined look of 'holy shit' and 'fuck this shit' on their faces. Freighter collapsed the telescope and turned around slowly. \"Okay... How about: we forget everythin' bad we ever said about her. We go out there, and we apolo-\" He never finished his sentence when Blake came in and was thrown off her horse. She winced in pain. \"Blake! Y-ya alright?!\" Scuzz asked. She tried to get up. \"Y-yeah! I'm... I'm fine.\" She tried to walk forward but went down on one knee. \"Certainly doe'n't look like it~,\" Jake commented. \"Hey! Why don't you try runnin' away from a bunch o' Comanches an' gettin' shit in the leg by 'em?!\" Blake remarked. Jake stopped laughing afterwards. Now everyone wanted to know what happened. \"So what the hell happened? How'd they find you?\" Freighter asked. \"How... How far di-did you g-g-go?\" Scuzz stuttered. Blake went ahead and explained the railroad she discovered in the desert, the chase and her coming back. \"A railroad?! In the middle of the desert?! I thought that was part of the Comanche territory!\" Edgar said. \"That's what I thought, too...,\" Blake replied, \"Looks like that Cole guy really doesn't keep his word.\" Then something hit Edgar. \"Wait a minute, Blake! If there is that railroad... Then what if that leads to that silver mine?!\" \"Ed! I said-\" \"Hold on! I think he's right!\" Walliwitz interrupted. \"That track could take us to that mine that Butch guy was talkin' 'bout! How 'bout that, boss?\" Blake wanted to say something, but then actually thought about that. They probably are right. Maybe that railroad could take them to that mine. Maybe that Butch guy wasn't bluffing afterall. Maybe... \"Ya know... I've kinda always wanted to see a silver mine myself~,\" Blake finally said. \"Boys! Let's find ourselves a silver mine~!\"[Chapter 5] The moon was full. The light shined down on the gang. But it was no competition for the well-lit lanterns burning bright at the silver mine. They could hear the sound of metal hitting rock, soldiers barking orders, and occasionally dynamite explosions. The six climbed up the hill overseeing the mine, Japhet flew over the mine undetected. Japhet flew back to Blake and perched on her shoulder. \"Looks like that ol' Butch guy wasn't bs-ing afterall~,\" the black clad teenager said. \"All that silver...,\" Edgar muttered in Italian. \"H-h-how do you sup-p. Suppose we git some, b-b-boss?\" Scuzz stuttered, fixing his scuzzy dirty blond hair. Blake thought about her plan for a while and then shrugged. \"Well, we're gonna have ta steal at least one of those cars. But yeah I know there's a shitload o' workers an' soldiers around, so it ain't gonna be easy.\" \"We could kill some o' the workers an' git their clothes,\" Freighter suggested. \"Oi! We can go disguised an' unnoticed, boss-mate!\" Walli whispered. Blake thought of this for a few seconds and agreed. \"Okay. We'll go with yer'all's plan. Kill those miners, git anywhere near one of those cars, try ta unhook 'em, an' git the hell outta here!\" \"An' don't make a sound!\" the African man added. \"I'm sure y'all can handle that,\" Blake commented. Cue the loudest belch from Freighter ever. The sound was so loud, it had echoed throughout the mine and caused everyone to stop and find the source of the sound. And cue the best 'what the actual fuck, Freighter?!' looks on the gangs faces (minus Freighter, of course). Freighter recoiled from the belch and sported a confused look then a look of realization. \"Sorry...,\" he muttered. Lights suddenly blinded the gang momentarily. They have been spotted. Once the gang regained their vision, Blake ordered, \"Everyone run!\" Shouts of Chinese and English orders had echoed throughout the mine as the gang ran down the hill. Scuzz tripped and rolled down the hill, twisting his ankle and cussing under his breath. He limped as fast as he could to catch up with the others. It had not taken the soldiers long to find them and point their rifles at them. Blake commanded the gang to split up and scatter. Blake and Scuzz went towards the mine, Jake and Walliwitz went towards the forest line, and Freighter and Edgar headed back towards the hill. Blake and Scuzz grabbed shovels and thwacked soldiers and miners with them. Occasionally, they had to shoot them dead. One commander had his rifle pointed right at their faces. They dropped their shovels and had their hands up slightly. \"Make one move,\" the commander exclaimed, \"an' you two are gonna regret it!\" Scuzz noticed a looped rope right where the commander's foot was, which led to a pulley tied down by a tree and then weighed down by a rock. \"Al-alright,\" Scuzz said. Blake shot him a look. \"N-n-no rush~.\" Next thing they knew, Scuzz shot the rope, which chain reacted by closing the hole and dragging the commander by the ankle, sending him high up towards the tree, and knocking him out. Blake looked at him with amazement. \"Nice one!\" \"Th-thanks, boss,\" he replied. Jake and Walliwitz strutted towards the forest line and to their horses, the soldiers right behind them. The red head glanced back and dodged a bullet (literally). The duo climbed up a tree and waited for the soldiers to leave. \"Jake! Ya know dis ain't gon work, mate!\" the Aussie muttered. \"I know, ya jack wagon! It's jus' called 'improvisation',\" Jake claimed. They saw the troops split and searched the forest. \"W'll now what, genius?\" Walli asked. Jake and Walli thought of a plan when they remembered the horses a few yards out. Jake grinned and looked at the green-eyed Australian. \"Ever stood on a horse before~?\" Walli gulped. As if it looked like the duo couldn't be found, the sound of neighing horses were heard from a few yards out. The commander ordered his troops to be ready to fire. A brown-white horse came sprinting right towards them, and with Jake standing right on its back. Jake pulled out his revolvers and shot the troop. Only five were left. Jake grabbed a branch and swung and perched right on it. Another one came from the left as Walli clung on to his horse's side, a bloodied branch in his hand like a lance. The remaining soldiers started to run but all were impaled by him. Walliwitz let the branch go and fell off his horse. Jake showed off by doing a flip off the branch and helped the hunchbacked Aussie up his feet and catch up with Freighter and Edgar. Running up the hill was just as bad as just climbing it up. Edgar was already out of breath and Freighter had to carry him up the rest of the way. They reached the top of the hill before the troop had arrived. There was only 15 soldiers and Freighter could have just taken all of them down... If he hadn't wasted his ammo on the way up the hill, that is. He put Edgar down and turned to find the troop caught up with them, their rifles loaded. Edgar put his hands up but Freighter just kept calm but concerned. The commander said, \"I wouldn't do anythin' stupid right about now if I were you.\" The African man glanced over to Edgar's side and saw Blake and Scuzz with another commander. But then he spotted an opening for them to slide down the hill to. Freighter raised an eyebrow and said, \"What would we do that's so stupid?\" and kicked Edgar down. Edgar must have yelled something in Italian while sliding down the hill because he really sounded mad. Scuzz shot his gun at a tree as Freighter went down the hill following Ed. Jake and Walli made it to the top right when the troop turned their attention back towards them. They had no choice and Jake grabbed Walliwitz and went down as well. The gang was all caught up and they ran towards the mine. Scuzz's ankle was still twisted and he collapsed to the ground on the way. Freighter and Walli picked him up but were stopped by a miner. Jake, Edgar, and Blake turned and saw them stopped by the Chinese man, who was of course, saying something in Chinese. Blake could probably make out what he was saying. \"What's goin' on? What's he sayin'?\" Jake asked. Blake translated, \"He said don't move. The Union soldier's will kill you. And that we can't go in the mine.\" She rolled her eyes and got her gun out. \"Frickin' snitch,\" she muttered and shot and killed the miner. Blake motioned to keep up and move along. Suddenly the troop showed up and the two holding Scuzz dropped him and ran towards the mine. Scuzz yelped in pain while Blake ran and helped him up. \"Y'all go! We'll catch up!\" Blake told her gang and they ran in. They could hear the troop come closer as they ran to the mine. That was when Japhet flew in and dropped a stick of dynamite right between them. The troop stopped and turned around before the stick blew up. Blake and Scuzz turned to where the explosion was and saw that it had sent the troop flying. They caught a glimpse of Japhet flying towards the mine. \"That is one smart ass bird,\" she commented. The two were finally within three yards from the others when Edgar found a way out. \"Down here! We have to get out!\" he exclaimed. Blake told them to just go and that they will catch up. They all went down the tunnel while Scuzz told Blake to let him go and try to walk again. He could but he was limping very painfully; Blake had to stop every other foot to let him keep up. The two made it and they had to slide down the tunnel, apparently, in order to get out of the mine. Blake went first then Scuzz, who came down in a painful way. Just as he recoiled, two, no three, barrels of some sort of fluid came tumbling down the secret shaft. Scuzz and Blake lifted one of the barrels and examined it. \"Uh, b-b-boss... This... This is ke-ke-r-kerosene,\" he stuttered. That was when they look at each other in realization. An old sergeant, followed by one of the few remaining miners, followed the two outlaws into the mine and threw the barrels of kerosene down the little shaft. He ordered the miner to give him a stick of dynamite and lit it. With a shocked look, the miner asked in his best English, \"You can't be serious! Are you blowing up this mine?!\" the sergeant replied, \"These fellas need ta learn how ta stay off of fed'ral property!\" and threw the dynamite down the shaft. By that time, Blake and Scuzz were getting closer to the opening of the shaft. Blake saw something light up where they had just left, and then an explosion; and it was big. Japhet was screeching really loud and Scuzz limped painfully but fast. They found the opening. \"Scuzz! Jump!\" They made it out before the explosion had reached them. The blow had sent them flying out and down towards the water. A large piece of wood, probably a support beam from the shaft, hit Blake on the back of her leg before the jump. They hit the water in a very painful way, forcing them to swim up fairly conscious. With the last amount of consciousness in them, Scuzz, Blake and the others finally made their way towards the shore line. Of course, somebody just had to throw in a sulfuric gas bomb* at them to knock them all out. \"Gas! Don't open yer mouth!\" Blake commanded with a covered mouth and coughing. Japhet perched on a branch and managed to avoid the gas; Jake had collapsed from the gas and hit his head on a rock; Edgar coughed up water and was out from the awful smell; Freighter had to pull Ed from the current and had taken a blow on the head from a huge log that was flowing down stream and the gas that had pounded his windpipe; Walli did get shot once but it wasn't too bad, he had coughed up some water as well before collapsing from oxygen deprivation; Scuzz and Blake kept up before falling to the ground. Freighter saw the wood sticking out of her leg. \"Hey *huff* Blake... *huff**cough* You. You *huff* got some *cough* thin' *cough* ...\" and passed out. Blake tried to stand but fell, not only from the explosion impact, but from the wood still in her leg. Scuzz eventually goes out before Blake. Blake tried to stay conscious, but her vision, and muscles, felt blurred and weak. She went face down on the ground, her eyelids fighting to stay open. Her eyes eventually were shut but she fought to keep them open to see a pair of what seemed to be black boots. Even in the night, she could fairly see who or what was surrounding them. Eyes closing and opening, mostly closing, her vision blurred. The boots stopped right in front of her and she looked up; but she couldn't see whose face she was looking at. The teen couldn't make out what the person was saying; because by then she had already passed out. Author's note: Okay. I did do some research on that sulfuric thing. It was invented back then but I wasn't really sure what to call it. Probably should've said 'grenade' but I can't remember if that was also invented yet either :/[Chapter 6] Blake woke up with a jolt. She looked around and saw the rest of her gang, including Japhet, who was perched on a window sill. She gave out a sigh of relief. \"Heh... Thank God... It was jus a dream...,\" she muttered with a grin and put her head back on her pillow. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Wait. ... ... ... ... ... A pillow? Blake got back up again, this time with a look of confusion. She examined the room again. 'How the Hell did I get here?' Blake thought to herself. She got out of the bed and quietly walked over to her clothes she spotted by Scuzz's bed. Blake nearly fell over but caught herself. Why was her leg in so much pain? ... ... Oh right. The wood. She saw that her leg was all bandaged up and rolled her eyes. Blake could have wondered how her leg got like that, but she didn't want to sound stupid either. Once she got dressed, she petted Japhet and chatted with him for a bit. \"Looks like yer alright~. You see who got us here~?\" Japhet just cocked his head at her and gave a small screech; then he turned his head to a door on the left. Blake looked to where Japhet was looking, and then looked back to the albino eagle. She gave her bird an unsure look and murmured, \"I can't tell if yer one of the smartest birds in the world, or the stupidest bird in the world...\" Japhet only gave her a small chirp sound; that made Blake want to take that bird to a butcher and eat him. But she just rolled her eyes and limped towards the door. She looked out the window of the car and noticed that not only was it around midday, but the car wasn't moving. Maybe not yet. She then turned her head towards the door to see who was there. She couldn't see anyone and found the other door to the next car; but that wasn't the only thing bothering her. 'How long've we been out?' she thought. Blake slid the door open quietly, stepped out, and closed it quietly. She brushed her hair over her right eye and made her way to door. She looked into the window but didn't see anyone in there. Blake quietly opened the door and entered the car. She had her back turned and never saw the person at the table. Once she closed the door, she took a few steps back, turned, and fell face down from a throb in her leg. Blake took only two seconds to recover and rub her eyes and curse under her breath. Blake opened her eyes and saw a pair of black boots in front of her face. She thought she had seen those from somewhere before. She looked up to the owner of the boots. ... Oh. Now she remembered. The black clad man chuckled and said, \"Didn' think that's really lady-like~.\" Blake rolled her eyes and got up. \"If I was a lady, I'd rather be in tha' ol' whore house,\" she said sarcastically. Butch smirked. \"Why don'cha have a seat? Betcha awf'lly tired by now,\" he offered. Blake took a seat just across from him at the edge of the table, and then put her legs on it. \"Now, gimme a really damn good explanation here, Butch; How the hell long 'ave we been in this son-o'-a-bitch?\" she demanded. Butch chuckled again and bit into an apple. \"I admit, y'all are pretty heavy sleepers-\" \"How long . Have we been out?!\" He raised an eyebrow and continued. \"Eh, if I did keep track o' time,... It was at least three days.\" ... ... ... ... ... ... Three days? Blake put her feet down. \"... What?! \" \"Yeah. Ya heard me. Three days. That stuff must've knocked y'all hard.\" Blake leaned back into her chair; then it hit her. She leaned forward in her chair and asked, \"Okay. I understand ya wanted me ta partially run a silver mine, but how in the hell did ya even know we were right there? Were you followin' us, er somethin'?!\" Butch laughed at her blind wrath. \"I had some o' mah boys follow ya,\" he said. Blake leaned back in her chair, an eyebrow raised. \"But I can tell ya, the real reason I'm wantin' you, Blake, you are a very demanding girl.\" Blake averted her eyes down and raised both her eyebrows and replied, \"I can git my way wit' mah boys, if that's whatcha mean.\" The room fell awkwardly silent for a moment before Butch wanted to know more about her. \"You don't seem ta be that ol'. How old are ya, 'nyway?\" Blake smirked and said, \"May not look like it, but I'm 15.\" ... ... ... Fifteen years old. She just looked too damn young to be considered an outlaw. Not to mention a killer. How could she be like this already at such a young age? All these thoughts ran through Butch's mind as he wanted to know even more. \"Why d'cha go this way?\" Blake looked at him, an apple in her hand. \"What d'ya mean?\" \"...Why d'cha be a criminal? An-\" \"Outcast?\" Well not the word he was looking for but it'll do. Blake put her feet up on the table and said, \"It's not a kinda story I'd repeat. But if you wanna know, then I guess I can.\" Blake told Butch the exact same story she had told her gang the other night. Once she was done, Butch sort of couldn't help but to feel kind of bad for her. He assumed she was out for revenge. \"That's a... Deep story,\" he commented. Blake only shrugged and said, \"Well that's all in the past. Really cain't do anythin' 'bout it now.\" Butch nodded at what she said. But he still didn't forget about his planned deal. \"Well, anyway, about that silver-\" \"I know. You weren' bullshittin' 'bout it. Whatcha wantin' ta deal me with~?\" ... ... \"Can ya see anythin', Jake?\" Walli murmured. Jake tried to look into the window. \"Not really. Cain't see shi-\" He stopped. \"Wh-wh-what?!\" Scuzz whispered. \"Yeah! I see the boss! Looks like she's talkin' ta someone,\" he quietly reported. \"Who?\" Freighter demanded before Edgar thwacked him on the head. \"Quiet, ya git!\" he muttered. \"I dunno. I cain't tell,\" the red head whispered. ... Butch smiled his signature grin, pulled out a small map, and said, \"That silver mine right there; it could be yours.\" Blake put her feet down and got closer to him. \"All o' it?\" she asked. Butch nodded. \"But under one condition...\" 'Ah fuck...' she thought. \"An' that would be?\" she asked. Butch just smirked his signature smirk. \"You an' yer boys work with me ~. Whaddya say 'bout that~?\" Blake hesitated for a moment. She knew there had to be something else to this deal. \"What's the catch?\" she asked. Damn this kid was smart! Butch had to admit that. \"An' also: we'll split th' silver.\" 'Split it, huh?' she thought to herself. \"How so~?\" \"90-10. We git the 90. You an' yer boys'll take the 10.\" Way too low. \"How 'bout… 85-15?\" Was this girl playing with him? \"Fine. 80-20.\" Oh. Now he was asking for it. \"25-75.\" \"65-35!\" \"60-40!\" ... \"Oh. Hell…\" Jake muttered. \"What?\" Freighter wondered. All Jake could see was Blake and Butch in what seemed like an argument. But about what? \"I dunno...\" ... \"You wanna drive a hard bargain, don'cha?\" \"I can be stubborn.\" \"So what? 55-45?\" \"45-55.\" And in unison \"50-50!\" Blake and Butch looked at each other for a long time before Butch said, \"Yer one tough lady~.\" Blake smirked and said, \"Like I said, I like to have my way.\" \"So I guess it's a done deal now, eh?\" Blake nodded. \"Yer damn right.\" And with that, they shook hands on the deal, each with their own smirks. After shaking hands, Butch raised his eyebrows. \"Jes' wonderin', do they always do that?\" he asked pointing to the car door. ... Jake's eyes widened when he read Butch's lips and Blake's eyes glance at him. \"Git back in the car!\" he said through his teeth. The rest of the gang made a mad dash towards the car, shoving and pushing each other out of the way. ... Blake averted her eyes towards the door and saw Jake through the window. She looked back at Butch and just shrugged. \"Eh. I guess you can call it 'normal'.\"[Chapter 7] It had only been two weeks since they had made the deal. And from the looks of it, Blake and her boys seem to be pleased with their fair share. Along with that, Butch couldn't help get the feeling that Blake was somewhat like him. Then again, she does imitate a few things from him. But not only that, Blake did teach him a few things from her life time. Not surprisingly, Butch's gang and Blake's gang noticed that their relationship was getting stronger; but they wouldn't dare say anything about that, knowing them. The next town the gangs arrive at had a saloon. They figured they could stop here for the night and get something to drink, too. They entered the saloon, and, not surprising, the place was filled with scandalous women with at least two to three men at once. Blake rolled her eyes. \"I was afraid we'd run inta all this shit…\" she muttered to Butch. They turned and saw Jake flirtatiously walk towards one of the women. While the rest of the men chuckled at Jake, Blake just face palmed herself. Jake went to one of the women and said, \"You come 'ere of'en~?\" and was bitch slapped by her. The gangs muffled their laughter, even Blake tried not to giggle. \"Okay… Didn't think I deserved that…\" he muttered, recoiled and tried again. \"Sorry. Didn' introduced myself~. Name's-\" and was bitch slapped again. Blake couldn't help but giggle. \"Think you deserved that one?\" she said. Jake nodded. \"Yeah. I think so…\" he muttered. They all just laughed. She felt a hand on her shoulder. \" That normal?\" he asked. \"Beyond,\" she replied. Butch smirked and said, \"Why don'cha git yerselves a table? I'll be over there.\" He pointed to an empty bar stool next to a man dressed in ash grey. Blake nodded… But then her look changed. She kept staring at the grey cladded man. Had she seen him from somewhere before? The grey just looked really familiar- \"Blake? Whatcha thinkin'? Blake's train of thought was interrupted by Butch's slightly concerned tone. She blinked and looked right at him, saying, \"Oh, uh… It's-it's nothin'. I jus'… jus' though he-\" she pointed to the man \"-looked familiar.\" Butch looked to where she was pointing. Blake shook the feeling off and said, \"Well, alright, you can go o'er there. We'll be sittin' here, m'kay?\" Butch nodded and took the seat next to the grey cladded man. He told the bar keep to give him a thing of whiskey. Butch looked into the mirror where the drinks were. He couldn't help but to see the man's eyes. The dark grey-blue eyes against his white beard- \"See something?\" the man asked, making Butch jump from the man's Hispanic accent. He looked to his right, then back to the man before pointing to himself. \"M-me?\" he muttered. The grey cladded man chuckled and nodded. \"Of course you, Butch. Who else would I be talking to?\" Looks like the man already knows who he is. The grey cladded man glanced over to Blake's table and said, \"So I see you're with the Seven Deadly Sins.\" Butch nodded without thinking and replied, \"Right.\" The bartender brought him his whiskey and nodded his thanks to him. ... ... ... But after a second, Butch's face went from stern to confusion. He turns to the man and repeats, \"Wait… The Seven Deadly Sins?\" The Hispanic accented man nodded. \"Haven't you noticed?\" he asks. \"Their characteristics… Their personalities… Everything?\" Butch looked back at Blake and her gang's table and back to the grey cladded man. Well, okay, Jake was pretty obvious but the others? What did this man know about them that he didn't. \"What're ye tryin' ta git at?\" Butch asked. The man only grinned and pulled out a paper from his coat, looking back towards Blake's table and placing the paper between them. Butch raised an eyebrow when the man opened the paper. The paper had her gang's faces on them, including the bird's, like they were from wanted posters. The faces were neatly arranged in a seven pointed pentagram; on top of the pictures were the names of the seven cardinal sins. Butch looked at the man and said, \"The hell is this?\" The man grinned and gave a reply that made Butch frustrated. \"The seven sins. Envy, greed, gluttony, lust, pride, sloth, and wrath-\" \"I git that!\" Butch replied angrily. \"I mean: why the hell do you have them like this? What's the point?\" The Hispanic accented man knew he was getting irritated, so he gave him his best straight forward answer, \"Each one of those people are representations of the seven sins. Each with their own story of how they came to be.\" Butch's curiosity got the best of him. \"How are they represented?\" His question was more concerned towards Blake, because she was underneath ' wrath '. The man smirked and started, \"I like to go in order, so let's start with envy…\" … … \"Walliwitz is an Australian born man. His whole name is Louis Walliwitz, but prefers to be called by his last name. Now yes, Walliwitz is in fact a Jewish name, but he was not born or raised Jewish. He was a Catholic man. But as he grew up, Walliwitz was usually ignored by his family, due to having his back hunched up like that. They considered him deformed and an outcast. Never giving him what he wanted, just giving him second had items. He wanted to join the Royal British Army, but they refused him. This kept up for a very long time. His envious attitude kept up to the point where his devoted Catholic family thought he was possessed by some 'envy demon'. All he wanted was what everyone had. And it had angered him. He wanted to be normally formed, he wanted… well anything, really. He finally had it and left his home and came to America. But even so, he saw that people had everything he did not have, and was, therefore, envious.\" … … Butch looked at Walliwitz after the man finished his story. He now wanted more information. He wanted to know everything. \"Envious for more, Butch?\" He looked back at him with a blank expression. The man took his knife off of Walliwitz's and went to Japhet's. How could a bird be part of the seven sins? \"W-wait. How in the hell's a bird part of this mess? What does he have ta do wit' anythin'?\" Butch asked. The man didn't hesitate to stab the bird's picture and continue… … … \"You know why that eagle is much bigger than any other bird? It eats. Now you may think that's normal, but this bird eats more than he needs to. He will hunt anything and eat it. He even eats the humans' scraps. Sometimes, he brings more than is needed to the gang. He has eaten so much, that he is getting bigger every time. He gets more muscular with all the things he eats. It will not stop until it thinks it is full. Now how he came to Blake was interesting. The bird had mistaken her for a horse somehow. The bird was about to eat her alive; but it didn't. It just perched on her horse and gave Blake its game, once it realized she wasn't an animal.\" … … 'Well that explains that bird's size…' he thought. \"Now Edgar,\" the man said, making Butch look up. \"Edgar's is… very interesting as far as greed…\" … … \"Edgar Tosonini was born to wealthy family. The family owned one of the best railroad companies in Italy. That's where they get their wealth. He had loved being brought up in such a wealthy family. Now, when it had come the time for an heir to keep the family business going, his older brother got the job. Edgar was the second of five children; two brothers, two sisters. His brother Tony was the one who got the inheritance. This made Edgar furious. He wanted the money for himself, and no one else. So, then, as an act of jealousy and greed, Edgar went into his oldest brother's room… And killed him in his sleep. He got rid of the body before anyone noticed. When the family found out about the death, they had no choice but to give the inheritance to him. Little did they know that the murder was out of the cold hearted greed lying inside of him. They never realized how out of hand this greedy soul has gotten. Once the company's employers found out, they had him reported to family. They realized that he was so corrupted with greed, he would only give the employers just barely half a percent of the money earned from the railroad. The company demanded the family remove Edgar of his position and have him exiled from Italy. They listened to the employees, striped Edgar of the wealth and told him to never come back. The furious Edgar then took himself to America. It was then he had heard the rumors of silver being found out here, and moved out here.\" … … Now that sounded awfully too much like Latham Cole. In fact, he thought that Edgar man was somehow related to Cole. Guess not. \"Now I bet you are thinking about that Jacob boy, aren't you?\" the man said taking a swig of whiskey. Butch just gave him a look, definitely not amused by his joke. The man looked at Butch then raised his eyebrows and continued... … … \"Jacob Herrington and his sister, in their older years, could dance, not only for performance, but for... other things. Jacob went his way with women while his sister... Can't think of her name; anyway, she went off in her own direction with her dancing career. Her brother, not much older than her, would go with women each and every night. His actions gave him the reputation of-\" \"I think I've heard enough already!\" Butch said with his hand raised to make them man stop talking about Jake's little sex life. The Hispanic accented man pursed his lips and took another swig of whiskey. Butch looked over at the table. \"How 'bout that 'Freighter' guy? What 'oes he got ta do wit' anythin'?\" The man smiled and simply said, \"Pride.\" … … \"Freighter, not sure how that name came to be, he is really named Ray Sanchez Voluncostene; born into slavery many years ago. He had always dreamed of being a free man. Now knowing the laws of the South, he knew this would not be so easy to achieve. You may have heard about the North's fight to free the slaves, haven't you? Well, young Freighter had to escape to the North in order to be free. Of course he was caught just before he could even cross the border to his freedom. The next month, he was set free. Ironic isn't it? You go an' run to get your freedom an' get caught and the next you are a free man. This had gotten to head too quickly, and is proud to not only be a free man, but a free African man.\" … … \"That woul'n' surprise me as much,\" Butch muttered, glancing at the muscular African man, \"for a guy like him to do that...\" The grey cladded man took a sip of his whiskey and said, \"Neither would I.\" \"Now we have the last two, right?\" Butch asked. The man nodded and commented, \"Sloth and wrath... For sloth...\" … … \"Demitrius Poloski, or if you hadn't noticed already, 'Scuzz', was not a working man. All he wanted to do was laze around and sleep. He had a job at a bank up in New York but lost that due to his laziness and unorganization. His family have said he was a disgrace to the clan and had beaten him for his behavior. All Demitrius wanted to do by then was to escape the life of the big city and come out to where there was hardly anything happening. And so, Texas was, to him, the place for him. By the time he got here, Demitrius has not found a single job; but then again, \"the man chuckled, \"the boy was 'too tired' to find a job.\" … … That left the man with the last sin: Wrath. But that didn't seem to be right. Butch has not ever noticed anything too wrathful about Blake; except maybe a few of her threatening actions, of course. So how could she be the sin of wrath? \"H-hold on a sec!\" Butch exclaimed. \"...This doe'n't make any sense. How is Blake even wrath? She never once said anythin' 'bout anger issues. How could you be sure o' that?\" The man looked at Butch with a concerned look. This made Butch feel a little uneasy. \"An' she said that someone had killed her whole clan dead.\" Why was this man giving him this look? \"What did she tell you?\" he asked sternly. Butch went ahead and summarized Blake's story, glancing at her table to make sure she wasn't looking. The man in grey just stared at Butch before taking yet another shot of whiskey and saying, \"She lied to you.\" What? Lied ? What was he talking about? \"She told you, and her men, her 'dream family'\" Okay. What in the hell is guy talking about? What is this 'dream family'? \"She told you about a family she had always wanted but could never have. Blake would dream of this family each night... But she probably doesn't anymore.\" This didn't sound too good. \"What did happen? What's she hidin'?\" Butch wondered. The man took his knife off of Scuzz's picture and examined it for a few moments. \"All she was hiding this whole time,\" he said, \"was what she never wants to mention again for as long as she lived. Something… very awful...\"[Chapter 8] \" Blake has probably told you about how she was raised into a wealthy family, right? Yes. This is true. She told you about the murder, didn't she? That is also true. But this is the real story about her.\" \"Blake was indeed born and raised into a wealthy family. And sometimes, the wealth was abused by the use of alcohol. The whole Thuuman clan was addicted to the taste of alcohol. They needed it to keep their lives in order. But this only made the family three times dysfunctional than they were already. This was something young Blakely could not avoid, even if she had the power to. Blake was, by far, the only Thuuman to never have taken a drink of any type of booze. It was, to the family, a 'rite of passage' to have their first drink at a young age. And Blake refused. She had the gut feeling to not drink the cursed liquid. Of course, this made her family irritated. Many times, they would force whiskey down her throat and she would scream in complete terror. She would spit it out; sometimes, it would not work. They would beat the poor child until she bled. Even do things to her she would not want to talk about. There was even one instance where she had to serve drinks for a dinner party. The poor girl was rarely given food; that's why she is so skinny to this day. Anyway, one of her aunts had gotten up and dragged Blake to a room. There, some things had gone terribly wrong. The woman, too drunk to know what she was even doing, took Blake and did things in a sexual matter. This was the same for the men. It all left Blake completely hopeless and in fear for her life. She wanted to escape her reality and be free from all the corruption her family was placed in. And so, in a result of her insanity, Blake found.. a 'special' friend. A friend that had only lived in her mind. The creature was named Lamia. Lamia was a kind boy just a few years older than her, maybe in his early teens. He was the one who showed her a better side of her life. He was... her only friend. The two would be together, even in the school house. He would be there for her and never leave her side. The family, however, noticed that Blake was acting strange with her friend. They had realized that she was becoming... well, not herself anymore. Lamia was dragging her into their own little world. A world where she did not have to face the darkness of her reality. Even through their drunken state, they knew she was becoming insane. Then, one night, Lamia told her about a certain feast... A feast where they were able to drink the blood of humans... \" \"A vampire...\" Butch muttered. The man nodded and continued... \" But this was not a sort of lifestyle Blake would have wanted. Lamia insisted that she take this path and be out of her hell of a prison. This was the point where Blake would not have trusted what Lamia would say. He was not surprised, but was disappointed. Lamia had figured that, in her young age, she will lose her sanity completely, and be changed for good. He was right. One night, Blake's uncle smashed a whiskey bottle across her face. But there was something inside of her that had snapped. Completely. Blake had lost her senses. She attacked her uncle with a large piece of the broken glass and stabbed him multiple times. He survived, but he needed to have the wounds stitched up. When Blake had finished attacking him, she felt... a power. She felt a burst of strength inside of her. She wanted more of this. She wanted blood. These actions went on for many months. Blake would curse them, make them bleed, break a bone or three, even humiliate them. This time, her clan could not do anything to keep her rage contained. They would threaten to send her to an institution in New York or Philadelphia, but she would retaliate and release her wrath upon them. Blake's last action on them to their fate. As soon as the whole house was fast asleep, Lamia woke her and told her to end them. End them all. She was hesitant at first, but Lamia showed her the way to a knife found in the kitchen. When she held that knife in her small hands, she knew what to do. Her first victims were her own flesh and blood parents. She had brutally stabbed them while they were asleep; their throats slit open. The blood was out. Lamia told her to drink it. She did. Her thirst for blood had grown quickly. She went to the other rooms and repeated the process. Even had the heart of a cousin's cut out; she ate that. Blake, following whatever Lamia wanted her to do, burned the house down to rid of any evidence of her massacre. The light of the fire had woken many of the folks of her town as they had tried to put the fire out, not being very successful. The militia wanted to know who had started the fire, but Blake had already run away before they could question her. After this incident, Blake has turned from the innocent beaten child she was to a cold hearted murderer she is to this day... \" ... ... ... All Butch could even do was sit there, and take all of this in. Blake. Only a child. Had her heart turned dark in that short amount of time. This was just too unreal... \"Surprised?\" the man asked. \"Jus'... tryin' ta take in all that you jes' said...\" Butch muttered, looking back at Blake's table. \"I... I jus'... Can't even imagine how she had to endure all o' that...\" The man nodded and took another swig of whiskey. Butch just stared at his untouched whiskey. \" But . There was one little thing she missed.\" Butch turned his attention back to the man. What now? \"There was one person who saw what had happened. He escaped before he could've been killed or burned alive.\" Butch gave the man a confused look. ' Now what's he sayin'? ' he thought. \"Nobody really knows what came of him. Some say he went off to New York. Some say he owns a plantation. No one knows.\" 'Why the hell would I care 'bout that, ya crazy lil' shit?! ' Butch said mentally. \"Well I best be get going!\" the man announced, taking the paper. But Butch placed his hand on the paper before he could take it. The grey cladded man stared at him in amazement. \"Hold on a minute,\" Butch said, \"that don' make any sense. How the hell do you even know 'bout all them? Even more 'bout Blake?\" The man grinned and let Butch have the paper. He sat back down and said briefly. \"Blake had a caring uncle named Joe. He treated her very kindly and not like how the clan did. He was the only one who didn't drink heavily. Blake trusted him so much, she had told him about her little world and friend. He even noted her development from sane to insane. Even, like I said, escaped her wrath.\" Butch didn't know what he was talking about. \"Where ya goin' wit' all this?\" he asked. The man grinned again, got up, and was right next to Butch's ear when he whispered, \"My name is Jose 'Joe' Montezuma. I am Blake's sole surviving victim. Her uncle by marriage.\"[Chapter 9] Author's Note: Sorry this took a while to upload. I had to force myself to stop playing Unfair Mario/Platformer XD ... Butch sat there in shock and confusion. Joe? He made it? But what was he doing here ? He did realize Blake was just a yard away from them, right? \"Wai-what're ya-\" Butch couldn't finish his sentence, because Joe was nowhere to be found. Butch looked all over the saloon to see him, but couldn't. He was gone. Butch then started to stare out into space, so lost in thought. \"Butch! Ya feelin' alright?\" The sound of her voice nearly made him jump out of his skin. He looked over at Blake and her gang, Blake's eyebrow raised. Butch hesitated, then shook his head and said, \"Yeah. I'm fine... I-I'll be o'er there in a bit.\" Butch grabbed his whiskey and moved over to Blake's table, still not noticing the looks of the gang on him... ... ... ... That conversation kept replaying in his head all night, making him toss and turn in the bed. He just couldn't sleep thanks to him. The gangs decided to rent rooms in the saloon for the night, in which Blake and Butch shared one. 'My name is Jose 'Joe' Montezuma...' Why does that name keep ringing in his head? 'God jus' lemme alone !' he thought. He couldn't stand it anymore and sat up in the bed. He slicked his hair back and looked over to where Blake was sleeping. Her back was facing him while Japhet slept in her hat, mimicking a bird's nest. Butch wondered what the girl could be thinking of; what she was dreaming of. He would have asked her, but that probably wasn't the smartest idea. That one time he was only given a vague answer... ... ... ... \"So, uh, Butch? Could I, uh, ask ya somethin'?\" Blake asked taking her hat off. Butch looked at her with his eyebrows raised. \"Who were ya talkin' to o'er there at the bar?\" she asked. He stared at her for a few seconds, realizing she was talking about the man in grey; her cousin Joe. \"Eh jus' some crazy ol' guy. Think he was a lil' too drunk,\" he replied with a lie. Blake giggled. Japhet perched on the arm of the couch before Blake had to shoo him off and make him get in her hat. Then Butch had to ask. \"Blake. I'm jes' curious...\" Blake turned to him as she was taking her coat off. She raised an eyebrow. \"...Did, um... Did you ever... Had an urge to kill a mass amount o' people?\" Blake stared at him for a good long 10 seconds before responding. \"If I did, then that woulda been a dream. I wouldn' even think about doin' somethin' crazy like that,\" she said taking her coat off and leaving her corset top on; but Butch knew better. He knew she was lying. But he also knew she was just trying hard to keep that dark secret to herself; and that she doesn't want anyone else to know about it either. \"Why'd ya ask?\" she asked. \"I, um, was jus' wonderin'. Curious...\" Butch muttered, unbuttoning his vest. Blake kept looking at Butch with a puzzled look on her face. She wondered as to why Butch had even asked that question, like he had somehow figured out what her past was like. Butch noticed her staring at him. \"You alright?\" he asked. Blake blinked and replied, \"Um yeah. I'm fine...\" she muttered. Blake stretched. \"Well I'm gonna be sleepin' here,\" she said before plopping on the couch and falling asleep. \"Night...\" she muttered. Butch turned out the light. \"Night,\" he replied before taking his shirt off... ... ... ... He knew that if Joe and Blake had ever met again, then certainly, something bad would happen. He had to not let her know about Joe's survival. Only God knows what her reaction would be; and he knew it wouldn't be pretty. Blake flipped over to her other side. Of course, he knew Blake had her gang to rely on, even if some of them were a bunch of greedy jackasses. Seems like she didn't mind that fact. Butch chuckled to himself at the thought. He looked down at the floor, hearing the dying commotion of the saloon from below, then back at Blake, slightly shivering from the cool of the desert night. He could see Japhet ruffling his feathers and settling back into his makeshift nest. He felt a little tug in his heart when he heard Blake mutter something. Butch slicked his hair back while keeping his eyes on Blake, just wondering what was going through her mind. He, without thinking, got out of his bed, adjusted his pants, and got his coat from the nearby chair. He crept over to where Blake was and gently put his coat on her. Butch knelt down by her side... and smiled. Not his signature one, but an actual one. He realized that she didn't look all that threatening when she was asleep. Butch glanced over at the sleeping white monster bird and back to Blake, and placed a small kiss on her forehead. He ruffled her hair, keeping the smile on his face, and stood up. The sound of a bird chirping nearly made him jump out of his skin. Butch found the source of the sound and realized it was just Japhet, staring right at him with his crimson red eyes. Butch glared at the eagle and muttered, \"You say anythin' ta her, you'll be on the table all roasted.\" Japhet only ruffled his feathers. ... ... ... Butch laid there wide awake. He had that same scenario playing in his head again and again. What if Blake and Joe did ever meet again? Which one would go down first? What if... What if Blake got killed? How could he- Butch snapped out of it and kept staring at the ceiling. He massaged his face and thought to himself, 'She can't know about this. I jus' know it. She...' He didn't need to finish his thought. He knew what he had to do: Protect Blake. Like a father would. And keep her alive and away from Joe as much as possible.[Chapter 10] It had only been three weeks since Butch had his meeting with Joe. And since then he knew he had to protect Blake from him. God knows what would happen if they ever came each other's paths. 'Jus' keep 'er away fro' him!' he thought. 'It'll be fine...' As Butch thought about this, he and his gang caught up with Blake's. They were on their horses, close to the ledge of a cliff, looking out in the horizon. She was trying to explain something to them before she stopped and looked over her shoulder seeing Butch and his guys coming up. \"What're y'all talkin' 'bout?\" he asked out of complete curiosity. \"There's a train a-comin' up. An' we're supposed to rob it,\" Edgar summarized. Blake nodded and added, \"Heard dis one's suppose ta have a shitload o' rich people in it.\" Blake smirked. \"This oughta be fun~,\" she added. Edgar got out his pocket watch and checked the time. \"Should be coming right about now,\" he announced. Edgar took his hat off and slicked his blonde hair back and put the hat back on. Freighter looked out over the track's direction and saw black smoke coming towards them. \"There they are!\" Freighter announced. Both gangs snapped their heads at Freighter's direction, seeing the smoke as well. \"Right on time,\" Edgar muttered. Blake smirked again and got something out of her bag. Her horse snorted and acted a little nervous like it knew its master was about to do something evil. Blake put on a deer skull mask except its antlers were missing. She had somehow replaced the front teeth with wolf's teeth. The others took out bandanas and covered their half their faces. Ray tapped Butch's shoulder and whispered, \"Whaddya think they're doin' wit' those masks?\" Butch shook his head. \"God knows...\" He muttered. \"Maybe that mask's why she's also called 'Night Demon',\" Skinny murmured. Well now that was new on him. Then again, that name did make sense. Blake turned her head towards Butch and his gang. \"While we git on that train, we wantcha ta git as close to th' engine as possible, slow or stop that train, an' if ya can, make sure th' ol' conductor do'nt squel 'bout this~,\" Blake explained to them. Hold on. She didn't mean kill the guy, did she? \"Gotcha, boss-ma'am...!\" Ray said. Butch slapped the poor fellow on the back of the head; Blake rolled her eyes in amusement. They heard the train horn blow. \"That's ou' signal, boss-mate!\" Walliwitz exclaimed. \"Right...,\" Blake muttered. Japhet took off flying. \"Let's go!\" And they rode off. ... ... ... Butch watched as the gang rode off after the iron horse. He turns back to his guys and says, \"Well you heard the lady!\" And rode off in the train's direction. The gang nervously followed suit. ... ... ... Thomas, a Texas Ranger, was among the three Rangers in the train. He didn't seem to mind the chatter of the plantation owners visiting Colby. He never noticed the difference between a western and a southern accent so this was really nothing to him. Dan Reid came up to him and jokingly commented, \"Doe'nt look like these southerners don' need to get around Colby, now don' they?\" Thomas chuckled and replied, \"Might not wanna judge these folks too soon.\" As the Rangers kept an eye on the party, Jake and Walliwitz jumped on the train and climbed up on the roof. Scuzz and Blake took the one with the Rangers in it, and Freighter and Edgar got another. The sound of boots on metal could be barely audible over the commotion of the party. Dan and the other two Rangers looked up to the ceiling towards the sound. Thomas looked out the window and saw two silhouettes ON THE ROOF OF THE TRAIN ! The sound of boots stopped and the sudden sound of a door slid open and then: \"Hope y'all don' have anythin' importan' in town!\" The Rangers turned and saw two masked thugs; one with a skull mask and the other with just a blue bandana. They must have used these masks as a way to intimidate the owners because it was working; but not for them. The Rangers pulled out their guns as Dan yelled, \"What th' hell do you two think yer doin' here?!\" Blake and Scuzz saw that there were three Rangers in the car. \"You jes' had ta pick the one with damn Rangers in it, didn' ya?!\" Blake pouted, looking at the grey-blue eyed young man. Scuzz rolled his eyes in annoyance and said, \"Well s-s-s-sorry!\" ... ... ... Jake adjusted his light purple bandana (commonly mistaken for pink) covering his face while Walliwitz opened the door. The duo went in and the folks, more plantation owners, were either shocked or scared. \"Looks like none o' y'all 'ave ever seen anyt'in' like us!\" Jake exclaimed. \"Now jes' come clean, an'-\" \"What's wit' th' bandana?\" asked one of the plantation owners, pointing out Jake's 'pinkish' bandana. The owners laughed under their breath. This had angered Jake, and so, as a result, he shot the owner square in the head and killed him. The car went silent, now knowing this is a serious matter. \" ANYONE ELSE ? \" Jake asked. Everyone shook their heads and passed their valuables up to the masked men. Jake and Walliwitz chuckled at their success. ... ... ... \"C'mon! Don' be shy! Jus' put 'em in the damn bag !\" Freighter ordered. Edgar examined one of their prizes: a beautifully welded dagger, hand-and-a-half long blade, silver handle. He stepped out of the gruff African man's way as he went down the aisle, stopping at the last seat. \"'Ey! Cha hear me?! In the damn bag, rich man!\" he yelled pointing his gun at him. The man had not moved nor looked up at him when he came up. But the sound of his voice eventually made him look up. Freighter was caught off guard when he saw that the grey cladded man was not even surprised or frightened by this situation. He grinned and dropped something in the bag. \"Make sure she gets that...\" he said. Who in the hell was he talking about? 'She'? He mean boss?' ... ... ... The conductor, a man in his mid-fifties, gruff, bald man, was minding his own business, chatting with his assistant. Suddenly, they thought they heard a screeching sound. They checked the engine and found nothing. Seconds later, they heard it again. This time, they found a ginormous white eagle staring directly at them. The conductor told his assistant to get the shovel... but he never showed up. He was lying on the ground dead, bleeding from his back. The conductor looked in horror at the dead. He decided to grab the shovel and kick the bird out but a gun clicking made him stop right in his tracks. \"I wouldn' do that if I were you~.\" He turned his head and saw Butch pointing his gun right at his head. The conductor raised his hands over his head, but Japhet attacked him and he fell off the train and broke his neck and died. Butch smirked at the bird and said, \"...I knew there was a reason I liked ya.\" Japhet screeched. ... ... ... Blake and Scuzz had been standing off with the Rangers for what felt like hours when really it was just two minutes. They kept negotiating. \"'Kay now look here, Rangers. We can do this th' easy way, or th' hard way. We git our riches an' jes make our way out. Or ... Jes' take a bullet in th' gut. Yer choice, dear Rangers~,\" Blake said slyly. Dan knew this situation was going to turn bad if they didn't do anything. \"If you... Either of you were to so shoot any o' these good fellas, you two'll be hangin' high in town,\" Dan said. \"I-I-I don' th-think that'll be n-n-n-necessary,\" Scuzz stuttered with a grin. Suddenly, the train jerked forward, the train had started gaining speed. The Rangers went forward face first, but Blake and Scuzz held their ground and started shooting. The plantation owners went for cover, screaming in terror. The duo grabbed as many valuable that were dropped and high-tailed it out of there, running for the engine. The two climbed to the roof of the car, seeing the rest of the gang up on the roof of their cars and run to them. Scuzz and Blake lead them but were stopped by a Ranger. Wait. There were only three from what Blake saw. Where did this other Ranger come from? \"Goin' somewhere , thieves?\" the Ranger asked. Scuzz looked at Blake, who had her hands raised. \"Yes, sir!\" she said. Scuzz remarked, \"No we're not!\" \"Yes we are !\" \"No we ain't !\" The Ranger looked back and forth between the two robbers like they were an old married couple. He soon had enough. \"Will you two quit ! Yer actin' like lil' kids!\" The two looked back at the Ranger, Blake's arms still raised. Scuzz now realized why she had her arms raised: there was a hook on a incoming pole. \"Yeah. We, uh, we-we're goin'!\" said Scuzz. Before the Ranger could do anything, Blake and Scuzz were lifted off the train. The duo came back around and Scuzz kicked him in the back, making him fall off the train. They landed on their feet back on the train, and they smirked at each other. The gang climbed down and found their horses waiting for them while running. Japhet flew towards Blake and screeched. Blake looked at her gang and said, \"Let's git outta here!\" and jumped on her Nightmare. The rest got on theirs and rode off with their collections. Butch and his guys caught up with them and they rode off, leaving the runaway train rescue to the Rangers.[Chapter 11] The two gangs gathered around the campfire, checking out their 'new' possessions. Everyone was laughing, especially Edgar. Knowing him well. Each went around and showed everyone what they had. \"Got me this real nice lookin' knife~. Got some silvah on it. Reeeal nice~,\" Freighter said, putting the dagger in his own holster. \"Well technically, Freighter, I was the one who-a took it,\" Edgar noted. \"Shut it, Mafia boy!\" snapped Freighter. Everyone chuckled, minus Edgar of course. Blake got out a silver pocket watch. It was tarnished but she said, \"It could be worth somethin'. Who knows.\" Scuzz started fiddling with another pocket watch that Freighter had. \"Aint it weird tha' all those folks had were pocket watches?\" Frank asked, fiddling with the floral bonnet on his head. Blake wondered why he had thing on his head. \"Might as well say all those rich fol's were jes a bunch o' plantation owners down south,\" Blake noted. \"What kinda plantation?\" asked Frank again. \"The hell I'd know. Tobacco in Kentucky. Cotton in Tennessee an' Mississippi.\" Scuzz opened the pocket watch. \"There's so many plantations I prob'bly wouldn' keep track o' dem all.\" \"Hey! Um...Th-th-there's someth-thin' etched in, eh, h-h-here!\" Scuzz announced. All head turned to him. Ray leaned down and whispered in Blake's ear, \"Why's he stutterin' like that?\" Blake shook her head. \"Been doin' that since we recruited 'im.\" The hearing of an etching in a pocket watch caught her attention though. \"What's it say?\" she asked. Scuzz tried to read it... but: \"I, uh, I d-dunno, b-boss... It's wr-wr-written in, uh... In some sorta... Sorta weird langu-uage.\" And he shook his head. \"Wha'? Too illiterate?\" Freighter said jokingly. The whole crew laughed at the joke, Blake just rolled her eyes. Scuzz glared at the Freighter and replied, \"If I...If I was, th-then why'd you git st-stuck wit' a smart ass l-like me?\" The echo of 'Oooh's went around the fire, Freighter death glared back at him; Scuzz smirked. Scuzz knelt down towards the fire and muttered, \"Really... C-c-cain't see real w-well...\" He pursed his lips as he tried to read the etching. \"...A T-t-ter...tergo... uhm, n-n-nunq-q-quam rec-cedat domusq-q-que...,\" he interpreted. Blake's heart stopped, her eyes widened and jaw dropped. \"Whaddya sup...suppose tha' mean-\" Scuzz saw Blake staring directly at him. He looked back with a confused look, eyes darting left and right and back to her. \"...What?\" \"...gimme that watch,\" Blake muttered holding her hand out. Scuzz became even more confused when she said that. \"Wh-wh-whaddya-\" \"Gimme. The goddamn-\" He tossed it over the fire with a whimper before she finished, knowing her short temper. She caught it with her eyes still on Scuzz. She brought the watch closer to her as Butch looked over her shoulder. Blake opened the watch and looked at what Scuzz was trying to read. \"A tergo nunquam recedat domusque...\" Blake muttered. No. It can't be. \"What does that mean?\" Skinny asked. Blake was silent for a few seconds before replying. \"It says ' Don't Leave Your Family Behind '. It's in Latin.\" \"Who in their right would-a speak Latin these-a days?\" Edgar blurted out. Blake looked at him and remarked, \"Apparently someone who's damn smart enou' ta even know that...\" Blake kept staring at the pocket watch. Memories came flooding in from nowhere and into her mind... ... ... ... Running on her way to the local bank, Blake giggled as she couldn't wait to see her cousin Joe. She also couldn't decide whether to cover her left eye or her right eye with her hair, but that really didn't matter. Blake found her way to the doors of the enormous bank and pried open the doors. She straightened out her raggedy dress and went off searching for her cousin. After five minutes, she thought he had left already. Blake felt a little sad, when suddenly: \"What's a pretty primanita like you doing here?\" Blake's heart jumped and she turned around and saw the tall Hispanic accented man dressed nicely in grey kneeling down to her eye level. She gave him her genuine smile and said, \"Ya scared me, Joe!\" Joe chuckled and said, \"I'm terribly sorry, Blakely. Well I'm off now, so... Want to get ice cream?\" Knowing a young child hearing this offer, she by impulse nodded happily and smiled widely. \"Yes!\" and took his hand. The two came back to the steps of the bank after treating themselves to a cone. It was rare for Blake to get such a sweet treat, knowing her crap living conditions. Joe couldn't help but to give a smile as he watched her lick the frozen treat off the cone. He took one lick and took out his silver pocket watch. He opened it and scanned the etching in the lid of the watch. \"Whatcha got there?\" Blake asked, very curious. Joe looked at her and leaned down to show her the watch. \"This was my father's. He handed it down to me before he... went to The Other Side. And it was even his father's,\" he said. Blake finished her ice cream and licked her fingers off and held out her hand. Joe grinned and gave it to her to look at it. Blake noticed the etching in the watch's lid. \"What's this say?\" she asked. Joe noted her confused look at the Latin etching. He gave her a smile and explained, \"It says ' A tergo nunquam recedat domusque .'\" Blake giggled. \"What 'oes that mean?\" \"It means ' Don't leave your family behind' . And I have kept that motto with me ever since my father, your great uncle, gave it to me. And I think you should carry that message with you as well.\" She figured he meant he wanted her to have it. But she knew she couldn't keep it either, knowing that her parents would accuse her of stealing it. So Blake shook her head. Joe understood, and said, \"I know. Maybe when you are older. And you decide to leave town...\" ... ... ... \"No. I'll think on it. Maybe I will~!\" Blake said to herself. And out loud. Every one of the guys, even Butch, stared at her with a mixed look of confusion, shock, scared, and what the fuck. Blake still didn't realize they were looking at her in such a sudden cheery mood. Frank leaned over to Jake and whispered, \"Okay. Yo lil' boss is really startin' ta creep me out. She eveh like tha'?\" Jake shook his head slowly and replied quietly, \"Not once. An' Ah don' blame ya.\" Butch had enough with the creepy talking-to-yourself from Blake and shook her shoulder to snap her out of her trance. Blake blinked rapidly and snapped her head up, seeing that everyone was looking directly at her. She blushed madly by this and said, \"Wh-why're y'all lookin' at me like that?\" Freighter pursed his lips and pointed his finger up to the sky and said hesitantly, \"...Yooooou were... Uh, how could I say this, talkin' to yoself...\" Blake's blush deepened as she sighed. \"I did it out loud, din' I?\" she asked. Freighter nodded, pursing his lips again. Blake, mortified, buries her face in her hands and curses to herself. Butch shakes his head and sighs as the guys chuckle at the little incident. After recovering from her embarrassment, Blake stares off into the fire, not really caring about what the guys were talking about. Her one hand held her chin, the other fiddled with the pocket watch. Her rusty red and blue eyes gazed on the slowly dying fire, more memories flooded in. She thought she was hearing screams of terror around the camp... … … … The whole house was in flames. Nobody can do anything. All they can do is panic and scream. Their screams made Blake feel good inside. She wanted them to be in pain just like she was. \"Did I do good, Lamia~?\" Blake asked. The British boy came out from the flames unharmed with a demonic grin. He replied softly, \"Yu did fine, Blake~. Now we have to run.\" And so they ran. Ran far away before any of the militia arrived to put it out… … … … \"Blake?\" Butch said shaking her shoulder. Blake snapped out of her trance and looked at Butch. ' Oh God did I do it again? ' she thought. \"Thought chu was dead there for a sec!\" Butch joked. She just rolled her eyes before rubbing them. \"Welp, I'm getting' kinda tired, 'nyway…\" Most of the guys were asleep as well. Butch leaned on the log supporting him and put his hat over his eyes, crossing his arms over his chest. She looked over at Butch and had a small grin on her face. Blake glanced up at the night sky then back to the dying fire. As Blake lie down, she put her head against Butch's shoulder and put her hat over her eyes. It took Blake a while to actually fall asleep, however. She had a felling… that she was being watched.[Chapter 12] ... \"Yer a thief !\" ... \"You ain't not'in' but a liar! \" \"You cain't do not'in' right! \" ... \"Why don'cha jes go ta Hell ! Ya lil' brat! \" \"Ya don' like it here?! Git out then!\" \"GIT OUT!\" Blake snapped her eyes open, bolted straight up and started to hyperventilate. She scanned the camp while wiping the sweat and tears from her eyes. No one was awake yet; but then again, it was still dark. Blake looked over and saw Butch still asleep. Blake rubbed her eyes again and checked the camp again. She thought- No. She knew there was something out there. Or maybe some one . Blake quietly stood up, never bothering to put neither her hat nor her coat on. All she did was place her revolvers and knife in their holsters and stepped over the sleeping men. Blake looked around again and didn't see anything that looked out of the ordinary. But one thing that Blake did notice, however, was a pathway that she thought was not there earlier. Blake walked towards the pathway and looked around. All there was, as she was expecting, was trees… and dirt. But she still had that gut feeling that someone was out there, watching her every move. When she knew she had gotten far from the camp, she called out, \"Anyone out here?\" Silence. Blake rolled her eyes in annoyance. \"C' mon ! I know yer out there!\" Silence again. A twig snapped. Blake quickly drew her gun out and pointed it at the source of the sound. Nothing was there. Blake took her knife out. \"Come on ! Stop fuckin' around!\" Whatever this was, it was starting to make her furious. That's when she heard it. That chuckle. Blake looked around to try to find the source of that laughter. By now the laughter was rising and this was driving her insane. The laughing had stopped but she thought it was still going on. She felt like the patch was spinning in circles. She needed it to stop. The patch seemed to have stopped spinning. The laughter finally stopped as well. \"Haven't changed a bit the last time I saw you,\" said a deep British voice. Blake's heart skipped a beat by the voice. She definitely knew that voice. There was no mistaking that voice. She turned to the sound of the voice and saw the glowing pale blue-green eyes looking right at her. Blake put her gun down and relaxed. She knew those eyes from anywhere. \" Lamia ...\" Blake muttered, barely audible. The figure chuckled and stepped out of the shadows and into the moonlit opening. The figure turned out to be a British accented man with wavy dark brown hair, dark blue-green eyes, a black suit and white shirt, black pants and boots. He had high cheek bones and a raucous nose. (Author's note: If you guys are trying to figure out what Lamia looks like, think of Benedict Cumberbatch wearing Robert Downey, Jr.'s Sherlock Holmes outfit. And then think of him as being his Sherlock Holmes. Same attitude and personality) Blake bluntly looks at Lamia and says, \"Thought I wouldn' see yer face again.\" \"Very true, dear Blakely~. Now : How long has it been since we last saw each other~?\" He sarcastically asked in his usual sly tone. \"Not since I destroyed mah whole clan like ya tol' me to...,\" Blake muttered. The spirit man nodded. \"I knew you had to escape from that damned hell of a place they so called a 'home'. You knew you wanted to escape from your cursed reality. You can't tell me I am denying that, can you~?\" He said. Blake didn't make eye contact with him, but she knew he was right. \"Sometimes I thin' that... Maybe you coul' somehow be wron' 'bout somethin'... But I jes don' know what...,\" she said looking back at him. Lamia figured she meant intentionally killing her family not because she had hated them, but for something else. \"Well what other choice did you have? You knew you wouldn't survive the next day in that place,\" he stated. \"True... But I coulda jes ran off an' never come back-\" \"They would have killed you if you got anywhere far from there.\" \"Well what other option was I suppose ta have?\" \"You summoned me from your own blood!\" She definitely couldn't deny that; he was right about that. She did summon him with her own blood. She actually remembered that night in her room after taking one of the black magic books she had borrowed from her cousin... ... ... ... After Blake had finished serving the party beverages and was given her tips (she really didn't get to keep them however, and instead her parents snagged them from her), she snuck out from the party and went up to Joe shyly. \"Could I borrow one of yer books, please?\" she asked politely. Joe smiled and gave her his keys to the room. \"Make sure you give them back, Blakely,\" he said gently. Blake nodded with a smile and went upstairs to find his room; which it really wasn't a room, it was more like a miniature library. Once she found the room, she examined the rows and rows of books. Once she found the book she wanted, a summoning spell book, she closed the door quietly as to not make a ruckus down stairs. Once Blake locked the door, she went to the attic and put the book down and brought the keys back to Joe. Blake ran back up to the attic and closed the door. Blake gathered all the materials she needed for the ritual. She opened the book and scanned through the book to see what she would want to summon. Blake figured a vampire would be too cheesy to appear, definitely not a werewolf or a witch. She did, however, stop at a page that caught her attention: a boogeyman. She smiled from excitement and kept the page open and found her knife. She drew a pentagram, lit the stick-like black candles, placed a small bowl in the center of the pentagram and placed herself there as well. She put the bowl between her and the book and began the spell. \"Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc. Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc. Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc !\" Blake took the knife and slowly put the knife dangerously close to her eye and brought it to the bridge of her nose. She took the blood from the cut and placed it in the bowl along with the hair she had put in there earlier and started chanting again, this time she had enormous amount of energy in her body. \"Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc.\" The candles flickered. \"Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc !\" The pentagram glowed. \"Natum ad a necral dona in tan la noc!\" The candles went out. The glowing ceased. Blake was knocked out... ... ... ... In all honesty, that was all she could remember before she had blacked out. Blake looked at the ground in defeat. \"You see, Blake, you were desperate to have someone to talk to. So you used your own blood and hair to find me,\" Lamia stated. Blake kept looking at the ground. She felt him come closer to her. So close even that he was already within an inch from her. \"So you summoned someone who would teach you how to put a knife through someone, use a gun against a man. You... you summoned me ...\" Blake nodded slowly and replied softly, \"I figured I couldn' do ever'thin' alone... I needed help...\" They stood there in the quiet for a few moments before Lamia said something. \"I need you to do one request for me.\" \"An' wha' would that be...?\" \"I need you to go to some place. A place you may remember...\" Blake looked up at the spirit man. \"...You need to go back...\"[Chapter 13] \"Whaddya-\" Then a huge wave of pain flowed through her body as Lamia jabbed her. Her eyes widened from the pain. Her world was spinning, making her nauseous. Lamia leaned down and whispered something she thought she wouldn't hear from again. \" Clarton... \" ... ... ... Blake awoke with a jolt. She looked around and saw that the guys were still asleep. Blake wiped her forehead and noticed she was sweating. She looked up and saw that the sky was just breaking into dawn. Japhet came flying down with a rabbit that he must have recently caught. He gave it to her for her to have breakfast. Blake grinned and nudged the eagle with her index finger and took the dead animal. But before she took it, she felt like she was being watched. She looked around but didn't see anything. She shrugged the feeling off and took her knife out. She was going to skin it but she looked up and saw Lamia standing right at the foot of the camp. Blake nearly jumped out of her skin when she spotted him. They looked into each other's eyes for a moment before Lamia said, \"Go back… To Clarton…\" before they felt a slight breeze and he disappeared. Blake stared at the space where Lamia had stood and muttered, \"I gotta start drinkin' water before I go ta sleep…\" … … … The gangs have been riding for about 4 hours in the blazing heat now. She knew they were aching to at least get off their horses for just a moment, but she also knew they couldn't stop and needed to keep moving. Blake was leading the gangs to the town; her hometown. She really hasn't said anything in those past hours, minus what looks like talking to herself. \"Ha'en't been back to dat damn place since tha' incident… Wonder if anyone would remember me…\" Lamia, who was walking beside her (and unnoticed by the others) nodded slowly and adjusted his coat. \"It wouldn't be much of a surprise, too, if they didn't remember. People, Blake,\" he said, \"will tend to move on with their lives.\" She couldn't disagree with him on that. \"Suppose so…\" she muttered. Behind her, Butch was starting to get worried about Blake's behavior now. Ever since Scuzz had gotten that pocket watch out the other night, she had been acting like the watch was a long lost friend. He suddenly felt a nudge on his arm. \"Whaddya suppose 's bitin' Blake?\" Ray whispered. Butch only shook his head. \"Migh' have somet'in' ta do wit' that watch fer all I know,\" he replied. \"Y-y-ya know, I.. I,uh, I coulda jes t-t-t-taken tha' ol' watch b-b-b-back, Butch,\" Scuzz offered. Butch looked over at the stuttering scuzzy young man right next to him. \"Ya really don' have ta-\" \" HOLD UP! \" Blake ordered raising her hand up for a halt. They all stopped their horses just a few feet away from Blake and her horse. Something was making both Blake and Lamia uneasy. \"Somethin' do'en' feel righ'…\" she announced. \"Well now what's the bloody problem?\" Edgar complained. \"Not so sure, Ed…\" Blake quietly replied. She smelled the air. It was filled with some sort of burning smell. \"Anyone else smell that?\" Blake asked making sure she wasn't crazy. The sniffed the air. \"It ain't you,\" Skinny replied. \"It's pretty fain' though, si- er, I mean, ma'am.\" Blake nodded and smelled the air again, not hearing Butch all her name. That's when it had hit her. Burning wood… and flesh. Blake took off on her horse; Japhet took off flying in her direction. Butch screamed her name before she had gotten too far for her to hear them. He looked at the gangs and yelled, \"The Hell y'all lookin' at?\" and took off after her, the gangs followed suit. Blake had a gut feeling now that something was not supposed to have happened all those years. Blake didn't hear them catching up to her and yelling her name. \"Now wha' de hell's up wit' her?\" Freighter asked loudly. Butch replied back, \"Jes' catch up ta her!\" ' Blake, ya better be careful there… ' he thought. Blake could see the smoke rising as she got closer, panic filled her face. Her heart was racing by the second. \"Something's wrong! I don't sense any sign of life in this place!\" Lamia explained as he was right beside her. ' Tha' didn' help! ' Blake thought to herself. Blake found the sign pointing to her town but it was all tattered and chopped up. The smoke filled her senses as she got even closer to the town… And found something she was never expecting. Clarton. Her home… Was in ruins. Blake got off her horse slowly and just looked about at the burned down city. Her eyes widened in horror at the sight of the destruction. She heard Butch call her name out. \"Blake!\" but she didn't turn around and watch them come in and see the looks of shock on their faces. They got off and stood next to Blake, gaping in disgust and horror. \"Dios mío…\" Jesús muttered in his native tongue. The whole town was in complete burnt ruins. Bodies of innocent townsfolk were everywhere. The bodies were either shot to death, had a limb lost, gutted open, or stabbed to death. Ray had to turn around and throw up from the sight. Blake was the first one to slowly step into the destruction and take a better look at it. She took her hand and gently slid it against a hitching post. She could see quick visions of people screaming in terror, running like a chicken with its head cut off, buildings collapsing from the burning fire. Blake stopped at the bank and said, \"See if y'all can fin' any thin'. Find somethin'. I don' care what it is…\" and went further down the down. Butch turned to the gangs and nodded. He went and followed Blake while everyone else spread out. Edgar took Scuzz to the bank and investigated the destruction in there. Scuzz, however, stopped at the door way. He felt like he had been here before. \"Ed!\" he called out. Edgar turned around to him. \"… Wh-wh-what was th' n-name of this p-p-place again?\" he asked. Edgar replied monotonously, \"Clarton. That's what-a she said.\" ' Clarton… ', Scuzz thought… … … … \"Do you really have ta go, Scotty?\" whined Clarabelle. \"Y-y-yeah.. Mah boss'll h-have mah h-head if I d-d-don' show up,\" Scuzz sadly sighed. He had only been here for two weeks, but that was his only time away from Blake, his boss. And now he had to leave. \"Surely yer boss would understan' 'bout us.\" \"I'm s-s-sure 'bout it, b-b-b-but knowin' th-that girl…\" Scuzz muttered. \"But y-y-ya know wh-what.\" Clarabelle looked up at her fiance, \"I-i-i-I'll be back…. Fer th' b-b-both o' ya,\" he assured putting his hand on her slightly swollen belly. She gave him her beautiful smile and pulled him down for a kiss. The two kissed passionately for a while until Scuzz broke it to breathe. He mounted on his horse and bid his lover farewell, and rode off… … … … \"SCUZZ!\" Scuzz jumped on his spot and didn't realize he was still at the doorway. Edgar gave him a 'hurry up!' look and went up the stairs. Scuzz stepped over the bodies and followed Edgar. … … … Blake kept walking until she found a school house. She stood at the entrance for a long time, just looking at it. She felt Butch coming from behind. \"I use ta go ta this school…\" she said in a quiet tone. \"I kinda assume ya didn' have alotta friends back then,\" Butch wondered out loud. Blake nodded. \"Yeah. Not a lot.\" Blake walked up to the one room building and saw the inside. Not much changed since she was there years ago. Minus the dead bodies of course. She looked over in the corner of the room and saw bodies of young kids piled up. It disgusted her. She looked over in the other corner and saw the body of the teacher, a woman probably in her early twenties. Blake turned to leave the school house… until she heard something move. Butch came in and saw the mass pile of bodies in the corner. He just shook his head slowly in disgust. Blake slowly walked over to what she assumed was the teacher and knelt down to examine her. She nudged the woman to see if she was really dead. Blake raised an eyebrow as she noticed the woman was holding on to what she thought was a baby. The woman opened her eyes widely. Blake yelped and crab walked away from her before she hit a desk. Butch turned around and saw Blake; her look looked like she had seen a ghost. While still trying to collect herself, Blake lifted her finger and pointed to the woman, saying shakily, \"I-I think sh-she's still alive!\" He though the talking-to-yourself was weird enough, but to say that a dead woman was still alive ?! Butch gave Blake a judgmental look. She saw his look. \"I'm serious! Look at her!\" The woman lifted herself and said in a low tone, \"I'm sorry…\" Okay. Now he definitely believed her. Blake put her hand over where her heart was and said, \"Good God ! Don' do that ta me!\" The woman nodded and apologized again. Butch walked over to the woman and knelt down to her eye level and asked, \"How long have ya been here?\" \"'bout a few days…,\" she recollected. Once Blake recovered from her jump scare heart attack, she scooted over to hear the conversation. \"Wha' de hell happened here?\" Blake asked. Butch turned to her but the woman replied, \"Someone.. A man-\" \"Nobody was wit' him?\" She shook her head. \"The man, didn' really git ta see what his face looked like, he… he had a book. He used it an' next thin' I knew, th' whole town got caught in all these flames… He.. I think he summoned these demons of some sort…\" Butch looked at Blake and whispered, \"Whaddya think?\" She hesitated for a moment. Then she asked, \"Did ya, by 'ny chance, see wha' th' man looked like?\" The woman tried to remember but she weakly shrugged and replied, \"All I remember is he wore grey.\" Cue Butch's look of realization. Joe! \"Is… Are you Blake…?\" the woman suddenly asked. Blake, still looking at the woman, points to herself in slight confusion. \"Why?\" She smiled, \"Is… is Scotty wit' ya…?\" 'Scotty?' That's when she realized the woman meant Scuzz. \"Oh! Yeah, he's here! He's with us.\" The woman smiled weakly. \"Could any of you bring him to me…?\" Butch nodded and stood up to walk out the door. He stopped and turned to the woman, saying, \"By th' way, what was yer name again?\" She simply replied, \"Clarabelle…\" … … … Scuzz stumbled on the dead bodies going up the steps to the second floor. ' Damn! Didn't thin' a bank coul' have dis many floors! \" he thought to himself. He followed Edgar into the second floor's safe area. More bodies were thrown everywhere. Edgar pokes one of them with his cane. \"Looks like every one o' them's been dead for a few days now!\" He lifts one of the heads. \"Definitely not something a normal human could-a do.\" Scuzz noted then that burn marks on the bodies weren't something a torch would do. So how could this be possible? \"Scuzz?!\" a voice called out. Scuzz lifted his head and looked at Edgar. \"Who-\" \" SCUZZ! \" called out the voice but louder. This time, Scuzz ran down the stairs, but tripped on the last few steps and face planted on the floor. Butch face palmed himself from the humility. Once Scuzz recoiled from the fall, he came up to Butch and asked what the deal was. \"Well, um.. did you know anybody tha' lived here?\" Scuzz thought about it for a second before shrugging and said, \"Well, um, I, uh, I g-got a gir-er uh, f-f-ianc-c-e Clarab-b-belle. Why?\" \"We found her.\" … … … \"You been hidin' here for how long now?\" Bake asked. \"Three days…\" Clarabelle said tiredly. \"How 'bout th' baby? How long's he-\" \"It's a girl.\" \"Oh. Well,uh, how long's she been born?\" \"Just a week…\" The sound of her tone didn't sound so good. \"You think she'll be able ta see him?\" \"'fraid not…\" \"Why's that?\" \"…She's been dead for days…\" … … … Scuzz ran ahead of Butch to where the school house was. When Butch told him about Clarabelle, he knew the look of despair and worry on the young man's face. He didn't think he could have taken it any harder than that. Scuzz found the school house and ran up to the entrance. \" CLARABELLE!? \" he called out. Inside Blake turned her head and saw Scuzz's silhouette stand at the entrance of the school. She couldn't make out the look of horror, despair, and sadness filling his bearded face. In reaction to his appearance, Blake had on a look neither Butch nor Scuzz have ever seen before: sadness. The twenty-three year old man slowly walked over to his dying lover and knelt down to her. Blake got up and put her back against the wall putting her hat over her eyes. \"C-C-Clarabelle…? It's me…\" he said softly to her, fighting back the tears in his eyes. Clarabelle stroked his face and smiled. \"I knew you'd come back, Scotty… Jes' like ya promised.\" A tear fell from Scuzz's eye. \"I know, Clare… I-I told ya I'd n-n..never break someth-thin' like that…\" ( Author's note: This is the part where you can look up and play It's Hard to Say Goodbye by Michael Ortega. It's really sad and it about made me cry when I wrote this to it. Play it throughout the rest of this chapter) Butch, leaning on the doorway, hung his head and hid his eyes from either of them, including Blake, because now they were filling up with tears. He had been down that same road one time too many. Blake didn't want to watch this from where she was and found a desk to perch on, watching with sadness in her eyes. \"Tha..tha' ahre baby…?\" Scuzz muttered. Clarabelle looked down at the bundle and frowned. \"Yes… But…\" He didn't like that sound in her voice. \"B-b-but wh-what?\" He choked up. She gave him the bundle. \"She's been gone for a while, hun… I couldn' do anythin' 'bout it…\" Scuzz held the bundle and looked at who could have been his daughter. His bottom lip quivered as he shuddered, losing his battle with the tears as the flow down his face. \"Her…? M-m-m-my… My Annabelle,\" he uttered in a cracked voice. Clarabelle leaned on his shoulder. \"That's what ya wanted to name her…?\" He nodded silently. \"I think it's beautiful…\" He nodded again. \"I know…\" he said resting his scuzzy brown haired head on hers. He put an arm around her and held her close to him. Scuzz averted his sky blue eyes to her and placed a kiss on her head. Blake couldn't take it anymore and got up from the desk and rushed outside, getting out of Butch's way, never looking at him. Butch lifted his head up a bit and saw the couple's last moment together. His face filled with the expressions he never felt in a long time: regret, sadness, questioning, and sorrow. He knew exactly how Scuzz was feeling. \"Could you do one thin' for me, Scott…\" Scuzz looked down at his lover. \"Yeah…?\" he replied softly. \"Hold me… and Annabelle…\" Scuzz didn't hesitate to do so and was losing the fight to hold a sob. \"You think… they'll be there…?\" she asked. Scuzz hesitated, stroking her dirty blonde hair. \"…I know they will…\" Clarabelle looked up at him as Scuzz looked down at her, closing the gap between them. The two kissed for a long time before they broke apart. Clarabelle whispered, \"Thank you, Scuzz… For everything…\" And passed. Scuzz felt his shoulders move up and down when he realized Clarabelle had passed. The tears he held in his eyes now came down like a waterfall. The building was soon filled with the sound of him crying. He brought his two girls together and never wanted to let go. Scuzz never heard the sound of spurs clinking and never noticed Butch kneeling down to his eye level. Butch gave out a heavy staggering sigh. \"Son…\" he muttered making Scuzz look at him; but Butch had his eyes right at the floor. \"Son… I-\" He was caught off guard when Scuzz put his arms around his neck and cried on his shoulder. Butch, though a little awkward in this situation, wrapped his arms around Scuzz and just not say anything to him. It took him a while to speak up and comfort him. \"Son. I know sometimes it's hard lettin' go an' say good bye… I would know that…\" Scuzz kept crying. \"An'… I'm sorry…\"[Chapter 14] As Butch let go of Scuzz and stepped out of the destroyed school house, he wiped a tear from his eye. He never realized how damn horrible it was to lose someone you loved for so long. And to even lose a child you never got to meet. She was just a baby , for Christ's sake! Butch gave out a heavy sigh of distress and pushed his hair back. He glanced over and saw Blake leaning over a hitching post in front of what had looked like a mayor or governor's office. He slowly walked over to her and heard Blake mutter, \"Life's not fair, is it?\" He admitted she was right about that. \"Sometimes ya jes gotta work wit' wha' life's gonna throw atcha... At least that's kinda what I thought...\" Butch replied softly. Blake lifted her head and commented, \"So what're ya gettin' at?\" Butch shook his head. \"I mean, I guess that, things gonna happen. An' ya cain't do nothin' 'bout it, if ya can.\" Blake turned to Butch but had her head hung low and was silent for some time. Neither of them said a word until Blake said, \"I jes' don' get why somebo'y could even be so damn heartless to cause this much destruction...\" Butch looked at her and put a hand on her shoulder and replied, \"Ya know, I thought we coul' be so cold. But this...\" Blake lifted her eyes up to him. \"This is jes' too damn cold...\" He saw that Blake had a guilty look in her eyes, like she may have regretted something. \"But it ain't yer fault, kid. Don' blame yerself...\" Blake glanced at the ground for a while and then back up at him, and gave him a small smile. \"I'll be fine,\" she murmured barely audible. The sudden sound of a screeching eagle made the two jump out of their skin and see where it came from. Japhet was perched on a door knob as he had opened the door and flew right in the building. \"That es one weird bird...\" Butch muttered. Butch and Blake entered the half ruined building and seeing various paintings either trampled on or burned. Blake stepped on one of them and bent down to take a closer look at it. She realized she could recognize the family. \"You knew 'em?\" he asked. Blake nodded in response. \"I was close friends with the daughter. Name was Monica,\" she recalled. \"I remem'er her brothers woul' tease me 'bout me bein' blind an' all tha'.\" \"Why woul' ya look bli-\" She showed him her blue right eye before he could finish his sentence. \"Ooh.\" She nodded. \"But it really ne'er bothered me. I git it alot.\" They heard Japhet screach again from the second floor of the building. Blake didn't hesitate to run up th stairs and wait for Butch to climb the 20 sets of stairs. Once he caught up to her, he was already out of breath when Blake tried not to giggle from this and patted him on the back. \"Gittin' kinda ol' fer tha'?\" He looked at her with a look and muttered \"...Shut up...\" As Butch regained his breath, Blake looked around to see where Japhet went off to. \"Now where's tha' stupid bird run off to?!\" Butch glanced around and saw him by a door perching on a doorknob. \"O'er there,\" he said. Blake turned her head to where Butch had pointed to. The two saw that the door was ajar. It looked like someone had busted it open and nobody did anything to repair it, then again, every single person in this town was dead already; so why bother? Blake took a step forward and tried to remember the hallway. The memory, however, was fairly foggy. Lamia came up to her from behind and said, \"This is the Masterson's residence.\" Blake nodded. ' Yeah. Go figure,' she thought. \"I know you told me that you always came up here to Monica's room and-\" \" MONICA! \" Blake suddenly said as she dashed to the doorframe. When Blake reached the door, and as Japhet perched on her shoulder, she opened the door and saw the damage done to the room. But what caught her attention even more was seeing Monica's body on her bed, her arms and legs tied to the bed posts, and blindfolded, mocking her blindness. Of all the disturbing things that she had to see, this was over-the-top sickening. She heard Butch come up behind her and see what she was seeing. Blake hesitantly walked over to her bed and kneels down on one knee and brushes a hair out of Monica's face. Some reason, she knows Monica is somehow still alive. \"Moni...? It's me. Blake...\" she muttered softly, her eyes watering. Butch just leaned against the wall by the door, watching his... daughter talk to her friend. Blake watched as her dear friend slowly turned her head to face her despte being blind folded. \"...Blakely? Tha' you...?\" said Monica in a raspy voice like her throut was dry. Blake nodded slowly. \"Yeah... It's me,\" she replied with a gentle grin. \"How'dcha manage ta su'vive this crazy shit?\" she asked in a joking tone; a tone in which Butch had never heard of before. \"I... I dunno... I couldn' tell wha' was goin' on. All I heard was screamin' an' wood burnin'...\" Monica recalled weakly. Blake pursed her lips and licked them due to them being dry as hell. \"An' then wha'?\" Blake asked. \"I... Felt someone taking me from the action, an'...\" \"An' what?\" \"... I don' wanna tell ya...!\" \"He took yer eyes out, didn' he?\" Monica weakly turned her head to the ceiling and her lip quivered. \"As if I wasn't blind enough already.\" After hearing her story, Butch had the gut feeling of disgust, sympathy, and sadness. Why take someone's eyes out if they were blind already? Blake took her hand and placed it on top of Monica's pale hand closest to her. She had her eyes on the floor all watery. \"But ya know what, Blake?\" Blake averted her eyes to her as Monica turned her head towards Blake. \"At least ya came back, like I've been prayin' for...!\" Blake was speechless by her words. \"Really...?\" she said, her eyes now full of tears. Monica smiled and nodded in a weak motion. \"An' I knew ya woul', too... For my last wish.\" Blake felt her heart stop. Butch knew what Monica meant by that. \"Wh-what?\" Monica explained, \"I know I ain't gonna live much longer... I can't take th' pain 'nymore... I don' like bein' blinded like this... I don' wanna continue on life like this... I hated bein' called a bat after all this time. Blake... I wan' you to end me...\" Blake had on a look of shock with tears trying to escape her eyes. She darted her eyes to Butch, then down to the floor and back to her dear friend. \"...No... No. No! NO! I ain't doin' it! I don' wanna! Yer my only friend!\" Blake said in protest, tears finally out of her eyes. Monica had her head still on Blake as she insisted. \"Blake. Ya know well that I never liked bein' blind like this. Why let me live my life beaten like this after what that man had done ta me?\" Blake gritted her teeth and had hot tears of anger rolling down her face, but soon after, her face turned calm and sad. Her eyes kept to the floor, she wanted to refuse again, but after hearing her merciful plead, why should she? \"Are... Are ya sure...?\" she asked in a quiet sad tone. Monica gently smiled and said, \"I'm sure.\" More tears came out of Blake's blue and rusty eyes. Butch just stood there watching all of this happen. He felt his eyes tear up by all of this. He somehow knew he wouldn't want Blake to go through something like this, but he couldn't do anything about it: it was her decision to make, not his. He watched as Blake slowly stood up and shakily take her gun out of its holster. More tears fell down her face. Blake shakily raised the gun, pointing it to Monica's head. Butch took a step forward as Blake loaded her gun. Before Blake could do anything, she looked at Butch and saw something she had never seen before from him: pain, regret, worry, and sadness. \"Blake? Are you okay...?\" Monica asked out of the blue. Blake looked back at Monica's dying self. She nodded. \"Yeah... I'll be fine...,\" she lied. Blake put the gun against her lips and whispered, \"I'm sorry... I'm so sorry.\" She aimed her gun back to Monica and pulled the safety back. Blake bit her lip to make it stop quivering. She shut her eyes tight, not wanting the tears to come out again. Monica gave her one last smile and muttered, \"Thank you, Blake... For everythin'...\" Blake pulled the trigger. ((Author's Note: Okay. Play the piano version of Leaving Earth from Mass Effect 3. It's soo sad and fitting! ;n;)) Butch felt his heart shatter; a tear falling down his face. Blake stood there and opened her eyes. What lay in front of her was now the lifeless body of who was once her only friend in the world. And she had to get rid of her. Blake slowly put the gun back into its holster and kept standing there. Butch took some steps further but Blake turned and stormed out of the room and out of the building. Butch followed her fairly close out of the building. He saw her turn west of the building and noticed a house uptop a hill, seeing her storm toward it. He was about to go after her but he heard the hefty voice of a certain African man. \"Butch! De hell happened?\" Butch turned around and saw Freighter coming up behind him. \"I hear' a gun go off! Ev'r'thin' alrigh'?\" Butch just looked at him and said motioning his head in Blake's direction, \"She's headin' tha' way.\" The two men caught up to her and went in the house. Actually no, it was more like a mansion. Now that they thought about it, was this actually Blake's house? Joe did mention to Butch she was born into a wealthy family, so that probably explains it. Freighter looked around and found Blake staring at a wall. Butch saw what Freighter was looking at and also watched as she took her hand and placed it on the wall. The two men kept watching as she made her hand into a fist and bang lightly at the wall at first. After a while, she kept hitting it not too roughly. Then she hesitated. Her hand curled tighter and began pounding the wall harder and harder, until Blake became enraged by everything that had happened and began to truly punch the wall. Even though Blake forgot how thick the walls were, it didn't stop her from trying to make a hole in the wall. Blake began to curse aloud, tears of hot anger flowed down her face. Butch was about to stop her from this behavior, but then he felt a hand on his shoulder. He looked back and Freighter muttered, Let 'er do it…\" And so, he had no choice but to watch. He watched as she punch the wall until her knuckles bled and she eventually stopped. Blake put her back against the wall while looking up to the ceiling and slid down to the floor. Blake cradled herself and began crying, never hearing the sound of footsteps coming towards her. She eventually looked up and saw Butch right in front of her with Freighter behind him, both down on one knee. Butch had on a sullen look on his face as Blake examined her knuckles, realizing how much pain she had forced upon herself. Butch put a hand on her shoulder while she was distracted and then pulled her close to him, not too worried about the fact that she was getting a bit of his jacket wet. He felt her arms go around his neck and hold onto him tightly. Freighter took the opportunity to wrap her knuckles in bandages; he was lucky he even had the bag with medical supplies. Looking at the kid, he never realized she truly had this side of sadness. Inside him, Freighter felt really bad for her after what Butch explained to him. Butch put his hand on the side of her face and wiped the tears from her eyes with his thumb. \"...I'm sorry, kid…\" was all he could say to her.[Chapter 15] The two gangs sat there in complete silence, not one of them wanting to say something. Butch had Blake close to him with her head on his shoulder. She just kept staring into the flames at the center of the camp. A sound, besides the occasional coyote howling, came from Scuzz who was still grieving his losses. Freighter gave him a sympathetic look and put his hand on his shoulder. Scuzz muttered, \"I... I-I-I-I... I c-c-cain't! I jes'-! ...I j-j-jes cain't!\" Blake turned her face towards Scuzz and adjusted herself a little, letting Butch put an arm around her protectively. Frank was about to say something to her but Butch glared at him and mouthed, \"Not now!\" Frank sat back up and shuddered a bit from the glare. After some time listening to Scuzz's soft crying, Blake finally spoke up, \"...It... it's so damn wrong.\" Butch looked down at her. \"Somebody had to've been sick in their damn mind to begin with...\" Butch brushed a hair out of her face and rested his chin on top of her head. Edgar shook his head with a sigh and thought aloud, \"Well, if this so sick, then why in the-a hell would they be even doing this in the-a first place?\" \"All I know is, he coul'n't 'ave done it by himself...\" Blake replied. Then, to change the subject, something hit Walliwitz. \"O-Oi, boss. Uh, how d'ya s'ppose we git rid o' these bodies? We jes' gon burn 'em, o' wha'?\" Blake looked at Walliwitz, then to Scuzz, then back to him and replied, \"I suppose we could burn 'em all... But not all o' them...\" Scuzz knew what she was talking about. \"Right?\"she asked looking at Scuzz. He lifted his head and sighed shakily. \"I...I, uh... I s-s-suppose so... But.. I... I wan' it ta be... a sp-special one, ya know...\" he offered and wiped a tear from his eye. Blake nodded. \"I understand...\" ... ... ... Butch couldn't sleep. Not one bit. And he knew the two youngsters couldn't sleep either. He looked over to check on Blake, but she wasn't there. He sat up and looked around and saw that not only was she not there, but Scuzz was missing as well. He got up and brushed the dirt off his coat and quietly stepped over the sleeping thugs. The first place Butch checked was the school house. The sound of clinking spurs quietly echoed throughout the skeletons of the once thriving buildings before he found the school in the dark of the desert night. He stood in the doorway and, by the light of the full moon, saw Scuzz embracing his late-fiance and daughter, just like yesterday. He knew he didn't want to bother the grieving kid and left him alone. His next destination was the govenor's office; and he knew where to find her. He found the stairs and slowly treaded up the 20 flights of stairs, noticing the door was wide open. He walked over and peered in to find Blake sitting next to Monica's bedside, just looking at her body. He noted that she looked like she was in deep thought sitting there. He knew he couldn't let her suffer anymore like this and pulled up a seat next to her; Blake, however, knew Butch would find her and be there with her and didn't move. The two sat there in silence before Butch spoke up. \"... Ya know you were righ' back there.\" Blake glanced at him before averting her eyes back to Monica. Butch continued, \"I also know tha' it can be har' ta lose someone close to ya... I woul' know, cuzz... I been there b'fore...\" Blake finally took her eyes off of Monica and looked right at Butch, who was staring at Monica. \"How so?\" asked Blake in a curious tone. Butch hesitated for a while but then she noticed a tear or two fall down his scarred face. That made Blake raise an eyebrow. He sighed and told her his story, \"Ya see, me an' my sister... We were very close ta each other. I never wanted anythin' ta happen ta her...\" \"Wha' happened...?\" A tear escaped Butch's eye. \"We... We got raided by those damn Comanches...\" He had to rub his eyes when his mind flashed back to years ago. Butch was forced to remember his father firing warning shots to the raiders and how he had taken an arrow to the heart. He had to remember his mother being taken away and never seeing her again. Lastly, he remembered his sister... and how a Comanche warrior took her and slit her throat while he couldn't do anything about it all. \"I... I dunno... I was... I guess I was too scared... Too scared ta do anythin'...\" Butch said in a shaky voice, now not even caring that a few tears were rolling down his face. Blake was speechless by his story and stared into the floor for a while. Then she looked up and said quietly, \"I'm... really sorry, Butch.\" He shook his head and said, \"Don' need to... I kinda learned how ta git o'er it an' move on.\" He wiped his eyes and turned to Blake. \"You gotta do tha' yerself. Don' let it hang o'er ya. Jes' go on wit' yer life.\" Blake looked at him like he was out of his mind. \"Y-You tryin' ta tell me tha' I gotta... Gotta let e'erythin' I lost jes' slip away?\" Butch tried to assure her that everything would be alright. \"Blake. I know it ain't easy, but jes'-\" \"No! No I won'!\" she fired back standing from her chair. \"Blake. Please-\" \"Butch! You don' understand! You don' understan' wha' it's like fer me! You don' know how much I had ta leave b'hind! After all these years!\" Blake exclaimed as she choked up and had tears flooding her eyes. \"Kid-\" \" SHUT UP! How coul' ya think that some damned murderer like me could forget th' feelin' o' regret hangin' o'er ya like a deadman on a noose!? It do'en't work like that!\" Tears began to fall down her face. Butch didn't say anything, he could only watch her. \"Even now, I still live wit' th' fuckin' regret of killin' th' people who were meant ta be m' family! Why woul' I wanna live like that?! \" Right there, Butch knew she had admitted to massacring her whole family; her secret she kept for so long. Blake and Butch looked into each other's eyes for a while before Blake began to breakdown crying. \"I... I,\" was all she could say at the moment. She dropped to her knees and kept crying. She didn't notice Butch going down on one knee but did feel him place a hand on her cheek to wipe a tear from her eye. He brushed her hair out of her right eye which made her look up to him. Even from the darkness he saw how bright her blue eye was compared to how dark the rusty red eye was. He saw the tears glistening in her eyes. Some reason, there was something about her eyes that fascinated him like nothing else. But for Blake, she was jealous. Of him. But then, why would she be? He had nothing against her, right? The next thing Butch knew, Blake collapsed onto him and clutched onto his coat. He didn't care if she was getting his shoulder wet anyway; she needed it. He felt her shoulders move up and down as he wrapped his arms around her and held her tight. The kid needed someone to cry on and that was okay with him. He placed a hand on the back of her head and gently stroked her short beige hair. \" Shhhhh... \" was all that could come out of him. He felt that her shaking was easing down, and before he knew it, she fell asleep on him. He looked at her and gently smiled. He picked her up and brought her out of the building with Japhet following him by quickly gliding from one stopping point to the next. He was about to the camp when he got the feeling someone was following him. He stopped, and, while letting Japhet perch on his shoulder, heard the sound of dirt crunching underneth boots stop just a yard behind him. He knew who would be following him at this time. \"Ya hear' e'rythin', di'n' ya?...\" He muttered out loud. He heard the voice stutter, \"Y-Y-Yeah... I... I never kn-knew 'nyth-th-thin' 'bout th-that. I... I,uh, I didn' r-r...re'lize sh-she e'en had all th-th-tha' regre'.\" Butch looked down at her and listened to him. \"D...d-do ya th-th-thin' there w-was someth-th...somethin' I c-coulda done?\" Butch thought about that for a moment. Could he? ... \"'Frai' not, boy...\" Scuzz looked at him in defeat. \"E'en she coul'n'ta done not'in' 'bout it...\" He took a few more steps towards the bank when: \"S-Sir...!\" Butch stopped and turned his head in his direction. He didn't know what made the scuzzy outlaw call him 'sir', but he had no choice but to listen to him, even if he had to sound like a broken record. \"...Y-y-You don' th-th-thin' tha' you w-woul' a b-been… Er… n-n-n...never mind…\" The two were silent for a long time. Then Butch said something that caught Scuzz off guard: \"...Ya worry 'bout her, don 'cha…?\" Scuzz couldn't think of anything to say; How did Butch know that? \"H-h-how did-\" \"I can tell. Ya worry fer her life. E'en if she has had a broken past…\" he muttered and brushed a hair out of her eye. \"Am I right?\" Even if Scuzz had wanted to deny his secret connection with her, why would he want to? He was the only one to figure it out. Now in fear of him tellling the others, he sighed and admitted, \"I… I kinda though' o' her as… as a s-s-sister. I… I th-though' sh-sh-she h-h… had some'hin' w-w-wron'...\" Butch nodded silently. He looked up and said, \"Son.\" He felt his eyes on him. \"We didn't have this conversation. Righ'?\" Scuzz nodded and replied, \"Yessir.\" and the two walked back quietly to the camp. Scuzz fell asleep right away. Butch, however, couldn't make Blake get off of him. So, he decided to let her sleep with him for the time being. As he lie down, he watched as Blake adjusted herself in her sleep. He smiled gently and put his arm around her shoulder, then he leaned down a bit and put his lips on top of her head and said quietly, \"I'm sorry, Blake…\" and fell asleep. Unknowingly, Blake had woken up and heard what Butch said. In her own response, Blake slowly smiled and said in a barely audible voice, \"I know, daddy…\" and drifted off to sleep.[Chapter 16] The blazing sun woke up Butch first. He looked over to check on Blake; and she was missing. He bolted straight up and scanned the camp. He then looked over to where she initially was and found her a few feet away. And he had to contain his laughter, too. He saw that Blake was still asleep, and she had her arms around Frank's neck in handcuffs; as for Frank, his was around her waist and cuffed as well. He quietly woke up the rest of the guys and told them to not to laugh or say anything until he said so. Once the gangs had gathered around Butch, and muffled their laughter, Butch called out in a loud voice, \" Rise 'n' shine, love birds~! \" Blake and Frank opened their eyes from both his voice and in confusion. And let's just say, Frank sounded more like a woman more than Blake when he screams. The camp started bursting in laughter from their reactions. Blake and Frank tried to get out of each other's arms but soon realize they can't due to being handcuffed together; and ankles cuffed as well. \"Frank! I swear ta God! Ya better give me a good ass explanation fer this!\" she yelled, her face tinted with red. \"I-I-I-. I swear! I ain't got no idea how dis happened! Don't kill me!\" The more they struggled, the more they now realized that not only were they cuffed together, but Frank and Blake's neck and belt loops, respectively, were clasped with the chains. The gangs kept laughing. During their struggle, Blake noticed a pair of black boots and pants right behind Frank. She looked up and saw the lanky silhouette of a certain British spirit man. She couldn't see the smug smile on his face as he raised his hands like he was putting two heads together and mouthing \"Kiss kiss~.\" ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... ... Wait ... ... ... He did this?! ... ... ... ... ... Boy. Was she mad as Hell. \" Why you-! \" Blake growled through her teeth as she jerked her hands up, completely forgetting about them being cuffed together. Once she jerked them up, the force brought Frank's face (and lips) right on Blake. She fell backwards and made Frank go on top of her. If there were tomatoes around, their faces would be redder than those. The laughing stopped and was replaced with whooping and whistling. Lamia had already disappeared and placed the keys in Jake's back pocket. By chance, Jake had reached down in his pocket and found the keys. \"Knock it off already! Where th' hell are th' damn keys?!\" Blake yelled wanting them to stop. Jake stood up and, in a sexy cowboy way, made his way over to them, spinning the key ring on his finger. He sported a smug look on his face. \"Ya knoow~, if I dose letch'alls go, wouldcha consider-\" He didn't even finish his sentence once Blake gave him a 'Say it, I'll kill you' look. The red head rolled his eyes and set the two free. Blake curled up in fetal position while Frank bolted up immediately and hid behind Butch. \"B-Butch! P-Pleease don' let her kill me!\" he whimpered hiding his face behind his bonnet. Butch chuckled. \"Ya migh' wanna give her time b'fore she'll do that,\" he said jokingly. Lamia came up to her again and tried to not laugh at her muttering. \"You done, deary~?\" he chirped. Blake turned her head to him and got up, still red in the face. She gave him a pissed off look before putting her hat on and walking away from him. She hung her head low but she was able to bark out, \"Get packin'! We're ditchin' this stupid ghost town!\" But there was one thing she didn't forget, however. \"But b'fore y'all do, fin' any leftover wood an at least burn th' bodies… An' dig up three graves while yer at it.\" She said the last part while glancing at Freighter and Ray, and the two got straight to work. The guys were starting to bring in the dead bodies and piling them up on top of the wood pile. Butch was getting his things pack when he noticed Blake sitting on the steps of the bank awaiting for Japhet to return with game. The bird came back with a rabbit and dropped it in her lap before perching on her shoulder. He watched as she sported a sort of smile and nudging Japhet's white feathery crest with her index finger, and proceeded to skin the rabbit. Butch walked over to her and sat right next to her. \"Ya like birds, don'cha?\" he asked. The teen looked up from the rabbit and replied, \"Yeah. I always did thought it'd be pretty cool ta be a bird, ya know?\" Butch nodded and the two looked up and saw an incoming murder of crows circling from above. \"It's jus' the fact that they can fly so freely, while we…\" she said, \"... we're jus' stuck down here on this godforsaken earth…\" Butch looked down for a moment and back to her, who was still looking at the crows. \"But still… that'd be pretty cool, righ'?\" He thought about that for a while before smirking and putting a hand on her shoulder, making her look at him. \"Only you coulda though' 'bout that, right?\" Blake smirked and replied, \"..Eh, yeah, sorta.\" Still keeping his smirk, Butch gently patted her back and said, \"You dream a lot. I can tell. An' tha's jus' you, kid.\" Blake replied, \"...Well, yeah-\" \"Er, madame?\" called out the voice of a certain Italian. Butch and Blake turned their heads towards the bank's doors and saw Edgar pop his head out the doors. And he looked like he either just saw a ghost or was lost. \"I, uh, I hate to-a interrupt your little conversation, but, em… You-a might wanna check this out…!\" and went back in. Butch looked really confused. \"Where th' Hell'd he come from?\" Blake shook her head. \"I don' e'en know…\" She stood up and went in Edgar's direction with Butch following suit, and called out his name. The two entered and the first thing they noticed was bodies aligned perfectly. U-Up here!\" Edgar called out from the second floor. Blake went for the stairs and climbed up. \"Were they like that when y'all were here yes'erd'y?\" Blake asked. \"I have-a brought Scuzz with-a me to confirm to you that I am not-a crazy!\" Scuzz came up from the ledge. \"It-It- It's true, boss!\" he called out. Butch asked, \"All o' dem were like this?\" \"Not like so…\" Edgar said shaking his head. \"An' fro' what it-a looks like, it couldn't-a been done by one sane person. They had to-a been a total nutjob to even make them all so… so…\" \"Wha'? Ungodly?\" Blake finished. Edgar nodded. \"Si! Like that!\" Butch and Blake saw that some individual bodies were laid out like they were being crucified and they were enclosed in a pentagram. \"This is way beyon' crazy from wha' it looks like…\" Butch muttered. Scuzz sat on the railing looking over the main floor of the bank when they came around the bend. \"So what is it yer tryin' ta make us look at?\" Blake asked. Edgar pointed over the ledge and let the two come over and see what he was talking about.; and it was something they were not expecting. They couldn't see the pentagram from the main floor but they could definitely see it from above. The pentagram was six pointed, and on the points were the six bodies. The center had one sole body. And they were all laid down like they were on a crucifix. \"Y-Ya see! We.. We ain't crazy!\" Butch shook his head. \"N-No. Yer fine… Blake! Y' alrigh'?\" Blake wasn't paying attention to any of the background noises. She had her focus on the pentagram. She knew she had seen it from somewhere. Blake still didn't hear Butch say her name again and again, but the sound of an Aussie did. \"Boss-mate!\" Blake looked down at the doorway. \"Boss? Where'd ya- Oh there ya are. Wha's up wit' all o' this?\" That's when she had an idea. \"I dunno, but can you do me a huge favor?\" He nodded his head rapidly. \"Yeah! Wha'?\" \"Alrigh' I got a book in one o' my bags on m' horse. It's a pretty thick one. Could you go git fer me?\" Walliwitz gave her a thumbs up along with a toothy grin (not to mention the noticeable tooth gap) and went out. Edgar and Scuzz looked at her with an eyebrow raised. \"You can read?\" Edgar idiotically asked. Blake gave him a look and said in a sarcastic tone, \"No I jes' have blank pages an' I jes' think o' words…\" The two didn't know whether to be scared or confused. The answer came with a smack on the head along with a \"O' course I can read, ya ding-bats!\" Edgar rubbed his head. \"Well that was quite-a rude…\" he said. Blake rolled her eyes. \"Shut up,\" she said. … … … \"Joe! Anything?... Joe. Can you hear me?\" Joe opened his eyes from his vision. He looked up and saw Latham Cole looking at him. Joe gave Cole a grin as he got up from the couch and said, \"I'm terribly sorry, master Cole. I was just… enjoying my vision~.\" Even though Latham had told Joe not to address him as ' master ', he got to the point where it never occurred to him to say anything about it. A spider Joe considers his pet came crawling up the table and onto Joe's hand. Cole shuddered. \"How do you know you can see so well?\" Cole asked out of curiosity. \"I left one of my dear spiders back at where I used work. It allows me to see anything from just about anywhere.\" Cole nodded. \"So how did you manage to set up all of that? To let you see the girl?\" \"He had me do it! And that was by far the most putrid thing he could've made me do!\" Joe and Cole turned and saw a 5'8\" tall, blue eyed, brown-grey haired, British man with a cane (not to help him walk or anything, just for the hell of it). \"I hate those bloody spiders, and those damn scorpions...\" he ranted to himself. He wore a black suit with a creme colored shirt. His hat was small and black, matching his suit. His suit, however, was covered in blood, and not only did he look tired, but he was pissed. \"Oh! And to make me get my new suit all dirty, Mr. Montezuma, was completely unnecessary! This suit was made from the finest wool of Ireland; and you know well the expenses I had to go through to get this made!\" Joe just rolled his eyes in annoyance like a teenager being lectured by their parents. \"And quite frankly, Mr. Montezuma, there were better ways to let her know you were there than to bloody wreck havoc on that town!\" Joe snapped his fingers. \"And I also-\" and his mouth was shut tight, unable to move it; and unable to let him talk. ((A.N: I imagined Dr. Davison being portrayed by David McCallum aka Ducky Mallard of NCIS . Just go with that, m'kay?)) \"I'm sorry, Dr. Davison, did I give you permission on how to carry out my plan?\" Davison shook his head and gave him a look of 'I get your point'. Joe turned back to Cole. \"Now. What were you saying, master Cole?\" Cole gave him a blank look for a second before remembering his question. \"Ah! Yes! What about the girl? Are you gonna do anything about her?\" A spider crawled up Davison's cane and he became disgusted. Joe explained to him, \"I need her to come here. It's the only way I could see her suffer for myself for what she has done.\" Davison flicked the spider over in their direction and signed, ' You aren't considering killing her, are you? ' Joe nodded and said, \"He quenches for blood, Davison~. He needs it to live on~.\" \"I forgot to mention: Did you by chance see if Butch and any of his men were there with her?\" Joe hesitated. \"I'm waiting.\" He replied, \"...He's with the girl… Along with his own.\" Cole shook his head. \"I knew there was somethin' with that man when he left with her. Just like you said.\" Davison got their attention again and signed, 'From what it had sounded like, Butch must have formed some sort of bond with her. It would be hard for him if you killed her.' Cole protested, \"We need to get rid of that child soon! No. Make it now, Joe! If you think she's the cause of all this nuisance, then I suggest you-\" Joe snapped back at him with, \"You must not underestimate us! The minds of a sociopath must be incomparable to that of a sane man. She needs to know what my life is like now! From the time of the massacre, she has to live that experience!\" Cole had nothing to say after that. Joe sighed heavily and got out a cigar from the drawer of his desk and he lit it. \"Los siento, senior… But you are right. I have a strong urge to kill her right there…\" He took out a blueprint paper of the Clarton Bank and began to sketch the pentagrams from memory, which was accurate as hell. \"If you ask me, I would much rather have a personal encounter with her... I'm the type that needs to see the full, personal experience of pain from another person.\" Cole stood there and said, \"I see...\" Then, Joe asked Cole the one question he had been keeping in mind for a while. \"Unless, you would like to help me. To help me get rid of that demented child.\" Joe got out a nice, brand new revolver from his drawer. \"This gun, master Cole, was made from the finest silver. And the silver used to make this came directly behind you~.\" Cole looked out and back to Joe. He hesitated on his decision to assist him. ... But of course, he agrees to help. \"If killing her is the best way to make it look like she never even existed, then I shall be of assistance.\" He takes the revolver and replaces his one revolver in the holster. Cole looks at Cole in the eyes and says, \"Now what?\" Joe gives Cole a smile. A smile that only Davison could tell he is definitely up to something. Something that is no good. He picks up the blueprint of the bank and says, \"Now... I warn them~.\" ... ... ... \"Blake, are you-a positive that penta-whateverit-a-is is even in that book?!\" Edgar asks out of impatience. Blake had been flipping through the thick book for about ten minutes and has found nothing in it about the pentagram. She closes the book and stands up to stretch her back. \"Rrrgh... Nope! It ain't in here. Bu' ah know ah saw it somewhere!\" She says. As Blake, Edgar, and Butch converse about the situation, Walliwitz and Scuzz decided to kill time checking out the bank... Or at least what was left over of it. Walliwitz found a broken paper weight and examined it. He smirked as he awed it. He turns to Scuzz and shows him the paper weight. Scuzz just chuckles. Scuzz didn't know what to do, so he walked up to one of the bodies and, out of boredom, got a piece of wood from a support beam and started poking the body. 'Somethings jes' gotta go li'e tha'...' he thought. Suddenly, the circle began to glow. Scuzz jumped backwards and whimpered to himself. He went and grabbed Walliwitz and pointed to the pentagram , saying, \"W-W-Walli...! Wh-wh-wh-wha th' hell i-is that?!\" Walliwitz gave a 'what the hell' look and said, \"I shoul' be de one askin' ya tha'!\" As the two argued, Edgar, Blake, and Butch turned around to see what the commotion was about. That's when they noticed the glowing pentagram. \"Now what did you-a two do?!\" Edgar asked out loud. Scuzz and Walliwitz stopped arguing, looked at the trio, at each other, back to them and shrugged. Just then, two lines came out from the pentagram, connecting the two pentagrams beside it, which then repeated itself for the rest of the pentagrams. This kept going until the lines reached the bigger one on the main floor. They all came to the railing and watched the unusual phenomenon unravel. Edgar had a look of slight realization mixed with uncertainty. \"I don't-a know about you, but that-a looks like some sorta count down,\" he said. ' Count down?... ' Blake thought. Then it hit her. Blake gripped the railing tightly... And in the scared as hell way. She was too nervous to move away and out the door. Butch was the first one to see her reaction to Edgar's thoughts. \"You okay, kiddo?\" Butch asked raising an eyebrow. The rest turned and saw her. \"...N-No,\" she muttered. \"Why not?\" asked Edgar. He and the rest of her gang have no once seen her so scared before. \"... This thin's like a time bomb. It's gonna blow...\" ... ... ... \"You sure this would work?\" Cole asked as he and Davison watched Joe perform his black magic ritual. \"If possible, the explosion will be only done onto anything that is dead. It won't harm anything living, however...\" That was the last thing Cole needed. \"Just get it over with!\" Joe smiled and carried on with the ritual. ... ... ... \"Oh so now you-a recognize it! Bloody fantastic!\" Edgar exclaimed. When Blake told them that it was a self-destruct spell, Scuzz and Walliwitz were out the door faster than lightning. \"Well ya know my memory ain't all tha' grea', Ed! So don' go blamin' me fer anythin'!\" For Edgar, that seemed like a vague answer, so he protested, \"Blame you for what?! Causing a setback for your-a slow processing?\" Blake stopped in her tracks, turned and walked up to the blond Italian and said, \"Ya know wha'. Why doncha take tha' ol' pers'nal opinion o' yers, shove it up yer ass, an' jes' zip yer screaming howler!\" Edgar looked at her in an insulted way. \"An' I mean that in the most caring way possible,\" she finished. Edgar was silent for a moment before saying, \"So in other words-\" \"Shut th' hell up, Ed,\" Blake finished. Edgar and Blake stared at each other for a long while, the countdown coming closer and closer to detonation. \"You-a mind getting out of the way,\" said Edgar in a tone Butch couldn't understand. Blake's response: \"Fo' what? Yer fancy lil' rich attitude or yo rich-ass self?\" \"Both. To be-a precise.\" \"Fine then, Edgar …\" \"Now move, Blakely …\" \"Uh, guys.\" Edgar and Blake turned their attention towards Butch. \"De place's gonna blow in, like ten seconds,\" he reminded, pointing his thumb back at the pentagram. Butch has handled situations like this, but at this sort of moment; just no. As rude enough as he is, Edgar blurted, \"My pleasure~\" and shoved Blake down the last few flights of stairs. Blake caught herself as Edgar tipped his hat and smirked like a scalito and left. Butch picked her up by the hand and ran for the door just as the pentagram hit the center. From the train, Joe was telepathically able to watch his former workplace go up in flames from his time-bomb black magic. The explosion caused Butch and Blake to go flying. The shock wave also caused the others to go flying backwards. Butch held onto Blake tightly until the aftershock wore off. Once it had worn off, Blake could only hear the ringing inside her head from it being so loud. She didn't hear Butch asking her if she was alright. \"Mmhm?\" Her hearing cleared up and she was able to hear \"Ya alrigh'?\" from Butch. Blake shook her head to get rid of the feeling and muttered, \"Y-yeah. I'm fine…\" The gangs recovered and saw the bank now engulfed in black and gold flames. Blake took a step closer to the fire and could have sworn she saw a figure within the flames. The figure, however, died out before she got any closer. Whatever that figure.. and explosion was all about, she knew one thing; someone wants them dead. Or maybe even her. From the corner of her eye, she saw Edgar picking up something from the ground. \"Ed. Whadderya doin'?\" she asked Edgar. Edgar quickly looked up and saw her coming towards him. He immediately stood up straight and stuttered slightly, \"Oh! W-well, uh... Nothing...\" Blake then gave him a look of 'Don't lie to me...' He gave in and said, \"Just... collecting my treasures.\" Blake immediately looked confused. 'Treasures? De hell ya talkin' 'bout?\" Edgar pulled out at least $300 worth of money from his coat pocket. She looked at him in complete shock. \" ED WHAT TH' HELL? \" she exclaimed. The Italian shrugged innocently. \"Well, you-a know me... I can't-a help it...\" Blake gave him a couple of bitch slaps... and a kick in the crotch. … … … \"Well? What happened?\" Latham asked rather impatiently. Joe looked up to Cole and said, \"Well, the girl is spared along with the men.\" Cole shook his head and said, \"Well that was a waste of perfect black magic and-\" Joe snapped immediately, \"And what did I say exactly?!\" Cole looked at him in shock. \"I need her to be alive! I need her to fulfill my powers! Is that clear?!\" Cole remained silent. Joe took out a cigar from the desk drawer and lit it, apologizing, \"Los siento, master Cole. I know what you said is quite true. But I have my own motives.\" Cole could only nod his head and accept the apology. The two men then looked over to Davison, who was still muted by Joe. Joe smiled and said, \"Oh I'm sorry, Davison.\" and snapped his fingers. Davison became unmuted and gave Joe the lecture of his life. \"For God's sake , Mr. Montezuma! Why must you do that every time! You could have told me to shut the bloody hell up instead of using your little black magic-finger-snapping!\" Joe rolled and Cole smirked. \"And don't you roll your eyes at me, Mr. Montezuma! I swear, you're like a child sometimes. It's always the same with you! You and your little assumptions.\" The British doctor began to pace in the car. \"I warn you, I'll do the same! For example, when you are asleep, I'll just assume you are dead and bury you far away from this mine!\" As Davison kept on ranting, Cole murmured, \"Exactly how did you meet him again?\" Joe shook his head and quietly replied, \"It's… a long story.\" ((A.N.: Oh God I am so sorry for not updating this as much as I used to earlier this year! ;n; I've been caught up with not only school but my swim training's been back up and it's been getting harder for me to even write this story! I apologize again and please be patient with me for the next chapters! ^^))[Chapter 17] Four hours. That's how long it has been since the two gangs left Clarton. The ride was silent most of the time. Butch looked back and saw Blake and Scuzz having their heads hung low. Butch turned back and muttered, \"Ya cain't help but ta feel bad fer 'em...\" Freighter must have heard him when he said, \"Cain't reverse time an' death. Least they got themselves a proper burial.\" Butch nodded and said, \"Ya know. I thought we'd be so damn used ta death cuzz o' wha' we do fer a livin'... But looks like it ain't th' same fer a loved one.\" Freighter couldn't have agreed more. In the back of the group, Blake looked over to her 'brother' and saw a tear roll down his face. It wasm't the fact that he had to bury his late fiance and daughter, but just seeing him cry like that sort of broke her inside. Blake looked up and saw Japhet leading them to the closest town he could see. She looked back down and tried to cheer him up a bit. \"I bet I coul' take down one o' th' ol' geezers in a shootin' contest.\" Scuzz didn't look up. The silence made Blake feel a little awkward. She tried again, saying, \"I can bet yer better than me!\" After more awkward silence (and realizing she's horrible at cheering someone up), Blake looked ahead and gave a look of awkwardness. The silence became deafening... Until Ray spoke up. \"I think... We're lost.\" Blake shook her head and replied, \"We caint be. This trail should take us to some city er town er whatever.\" Ray looked back at her with a look of disapproval. \"Yer meanin' ta tell me tha' th' only thing yer relying on is yer wits?!\" A look of 'You're pushing it' came from Blake and Lamia, who came out of nowhere again. \"Come again~?\" she asked. Ray hesitated before answering, \"Y-You heard me!... You did, didn't you?\" His voice sounded shaky when Blake brought her horse over to him. Blake raised an eyebrow as Lamia whispered to her, \"He clearly does not know what he is thinking about. He needs to learn not to interfere with you~.\" Blake smirked. \"Oh he'll think twice abou' this,\" she murmured back. \"Now. Tell me again, Ray~. What. Were you tryin' ta tell me~?\" Ray felt the extreme rage around her and he flustered his speech. \"W-Well, uh... Why don'cha wait 'til dusk er somethin'- AAAAUGH! \" Before he knew it, Blake grabbed the noose around his neck and groped his groin. All the eyes of the men were upon Blake filled with fear. \"You wanna try me?\" she said intimidatingly. With panic filling Ray's face, all that could come out of his mouth was: \"...W-What?\" Blake let go of the noose, pulled her gun out abd pointed it to his head and threatened, \"Say it! Say 'what' again! Say it one more time! I dare ya- I double dare ya, ya barrel boarder! Jes-\" \"Okay! Okay! Okay! I get it! Lemme go!\" Ray begged not wanting to be killed by her. Blake looked at him for a few seconds before shoving him off his horse. All Ray wanted to do now was to lay there and curl up from the pain. No one, not even Butch Cavendish himself, was more afraid of a woman (especially a teenager) than Ray... except for one, of course. \"You on th' rag again, aintcha?\" Jake retorted. Soon, Jake joined Ray on the ground with a bleeding head. Blake had thrown a rock at his face. \"Ask me tha' again, I'm gonna chuck a bigger rock at yer purtty face,\" she threatened. Not much longer, Japhet came around the corner. He swooped down and landed smoothly onto Blake's arm, dropping whatever it was from his talons to her hand. She examined the item and smirked. Blake lifted her head but didn't turn to them, saying: \"We're good ta go. I know 'em!\" ... ... ... \"Now how exac'ly do ya know these two?\" Butch asked after some time. Blake shrugged a bit and said, \"I used ta do some work fer 'em fer a while. They're train mechanics like I said.\" Butch raised an eyebrow. \"A while?\" he asked. Blake shrugged again. \"I was eight when I started workin' wit' 'em.\" This gave Butch a chance to be an ass to Blake. He smirked his signature smirk and said, \"Now are these guys actual guys ya know, or are these a couple o' boys an' yer really jus' sayin' tha'~?\" Blake quickly turned to Butch and gave a 'are you fucking serious?!' look. She was flustered. \"Oh fer th' love o'- Ew! Butch, you asshole! No!\" She pulled the brim of her hat over her blushing red face. The guys just laughed while Butch kept his smirk. Blake muttered under her breath, \"I hate you so much...\" Butch shook his head and said, \"I know you don't.\" \"Fuck you...\" and rolled her eyes. He did the same. The sun beating down on the gang made them even more eager to at least get something from the town's saloon. Suddeny, Japhet started to act up by flapping his wings. Blake got a little startled and tried to let him fly. \"God. What th' hell, Japh? Easy there.\" Not much longer, Scuzz's horse started to act up as well. \"B-Boss?\" he called out. Blake got Japhet to fly off but he suddenly started screaching his head off. \"Wha' the Hell's wit- GAAAAAAH!\" Butch fell off his horse after an arrow hit him in the shoulder. Jake looked up to the cliff and could see someone on the ledge. A Comanche. \"Boss! A Comanche!\" Jake reported. Blake looked up a saw few more tribesmen loading their bows. \"Ev'rybody shoot an' run!\" she ordered. The gangs scattered and quickly took out their guns and started shooting. Butch got back up as soon as he pulled the arrow out and mounted onto his horse and followed Blake's orders. Gunshots echoed as arrows came down like rain, hitting every single person taking them and their horses down in seconds. Blake and Butch got a little farther than some. An arrow came down, hitting Blake's horse on the hind leg and collapsing ontop of Blake. She struggled to get the horse off but was far too weak to do so. Butch looked back and saw Blake down. He turned his horse around and came back to her. \" Blake !\" he called. She looked up and saw him reaching his hand out to her. \"Blake! Gimme yer hand-\" An arrow hit Butch on the side and fell off his horse. \"Butch!\" With all her strength, Blake pryed the horse off of her and began to make her way towards Butch. She turned him over and quickly took out the arrow. He grabbed his side where the arrow hit him and yelped in pain. Blake helped Butch up to his feet and assisted him to her horse. \"You... You gonna make it?\" she asked in a worried tone. Butch shook his head and cursed under his breath, saying: \"Y' damn may as well be th' only one ta git th' hell out alive...\" Blake sported an almost determined look and assured, \"No way... in hell... Ain't no one gonna di-\" An arrow hit Blake right on her side. She stood there for a moment in shock before another hit her on pelvis, forcing her to collapse and drop Butch. When she went down, she was just inches from his shoulder. The next thing she knew, everything went black. She had passed out from blood loss. Moments later, Butch opened his eyes and could see Blake's eyes closed. Without thinking, he brought her close to him before going unconscious. The battle ground became silent. Long minutes later, a horse drawn cart driven by two African American men, one robust wearing overalls and a white button-down shirt, another thin and lanky in a white button-down shirt, dark jeans and an apron, had arrived to the scene by accident. The duo stopped the cart and the slightly heavy set man jumped out of the cart and checked on the fallen outlaws. Of the 20 gang men (and girl), 18 were still alive. The man looked up to his companion and commented: \"We're gonna need a bigger cart.\" ... ... ... Blake was the first to wake up; all she could see was nothing but darkness. Where ever she was, she was going to get out. Unless she hit her head on something then that was unlikely. Blake rubbed her head and felt where she hit her head. She managed to find out what it was: a shelf. Now Blake became confused. What was she doing on a shelf? More improtantly: Where was she? \"I'm gettin' th' hell outta here,\" Blake muttered as she rolled over, only to hit the floor two feet above from where she was resting. She landed with a thud. Before Blake could even stand up, she felt a heavy force come down on her and hear someone curse to themself. \"Fer God- Who th' hell is this?\" she demanded. \"It's me!\" the voice replied. Blake rolled her eyes from the stupid answer. \"An' tha' woul' be?\" she asked in an annoyed tone. \"...Uh, Freighter...?\" the voice replied. Now that Blake got her answer: \"Okay great. Now could you git off me. It's gettin' a lil' awkward.\" Freighter got his heavy muscular body off his young boss. \"Where th' hell are we?\" he asked. As Blake felt around for his face, she answered, \"I'm not sure. But where ever we are, I cain't see shit.\" Once she found his face, Freighter grabbed her hand and noted her finding it. \"Also: Do you even remember wha' happened after th' attack?\" he asked again. Blake couldn't even figure that answer out. She shrugged. \"Nope. Nothin'-\" Suddenly, the lights came on and the same heavy set African man blared the trumpet at their faces. The sudden sound had eventually woken up the others; and possibly given them heart attacks. Blake jumped and held onto Freighter as the whole place screamed their heads off. The man stopped playing the trumpet and began laughing. Blake took a good second to recognize the man. \"Marty?\" she exclaimed. The man, Marty, tried to breathe as he spoke. \"Oh hooo man, you guys! Y'all shoulda seen y'alls faces! Priceless !\" Blake let go of Freighter and went up to Marty. \"Wha' th' hell was tha ' for?\" she demanded. Marty's face went straight (but with a grin) and said simply: \"Wake up call!\" \"While th' rest of us nearly died?\" Freighter added. Marty gave a thumbs up and said, \"Yup!\" Blake looked at Marty with a pissed off look and said, \"Y'know I never did like it when ya did tha'...\" Marty saw her look and gave her puppy eyes and apologized. \"Er... Sorry, Blakey...\" The men looked upon the stare down feeling the tension arise between the girl and this wacko guy... Until the two tried not to laugh, that is. The two then began laughing their heads off. Not a single person understood what had just happened. \"Oh God, Marty! How coul' I still be mad at you?\" Blake said after regaining her breath. Marty replied, \"Blakey! It's so good ta see ya again! Lemme hug ya!\" and gave her a bear hug and lifted her off the ground. \"Whoaa! Okay, big guy.\" Freighter and the others couldn't help but laugh a bit from Marty's goofy personality. Blake soon had to tell him to put her down. Then Blake introduced Marty to the gangs, in which they seemed to accept him. Blake then said, \"He an' Sid 're th' main mechanics in this town.\" Marty interupted, commenting, \"Mainly train engines. Theyse a beauty.\" \"I suppose so,\" Butch muttered. Frank looked around the shop and noted that Sid was missing. \"Oh him? Yeah, I thin' he's workin' on a prototype engine using only fire an' brimstone! He thinks it's gonna work fine!\" he said. Every single person, including Blake, looked at Marty like he was speaking another language. \"...Uh, Marty... Did you just say 'brimstone '?\" Marty nodded with his grin. \"Yeah,\" he said. Blake's look became unreadable as she questioned Sid's intelligence. \"...Marty. Brimstone wit' fire is highly explosive! We fig'red that out last time, remember?\" she said. Marty just kept smiling dumbfoundedly and said, \"Yeah, wha' about it?\" Blake raised her eyebrow in a way that says, ' You do realize what I'm talking about, right? '. That finally hit Marty. \"Ooh...\" KABOOM! \"What th' Hell?\" Butch exclaimed. Another voice cried out, \"I can't breathe!\" The strong smell of brimstone soon filled the small workshop faster than the time it took for every person to evacuate the shop. Nobody felt more relieved to breathe in fresh air than the tall and lanky Sid bursting out the door last. Sid took off his goggles and blinked rapidly and said, \"...I didn't mean for that to happen... But it happened!\" The gangs looked at Sid like he was a total nut (not that they thought he was one already). Ray couldn't take it and said outloud, \"Alright! What the Hell is going on?!\" Numerous people were giving the group judgmental looks as Sid assured them that everything was under control. He turned to Ray and explained (well pointed a finger at Marty), \"It was his idea!\" \" My idea!? Yer th' one who thought it was genius to use brimstone an' fire, ya ding bat!\" \"Why didn' you stop me, then?!\" \"Well I musta been on somethin' to agree wit' you-\" \"Okay guys!\" Marty and Sid turned their heads to Blake who was stepping out of the crowd with a smirk. \"Let's jes... Settle down here... An' jes' let this incident slide by,\" she said assuringly. \"Oh. So yer a damn lawyer now?\" Ray blurted. Blake didn't turn to him but threatened, \"You wan' me to do that again?\" Ray immediately went quiet. \"Now, uh, firs' thin's first: How th' hell did you two idiots find us? An' what th' hell were you doin' in there?\" Butch asked. The two looked at each other and back at them as Marty explained, \"Well, we was comin' back from an errand trip ta Liberty when we started hearing gunshots an yelling. That's when we thought about comin' to yer rescue.\" Sid continued, \"Y'all are lucky ta be alive... Well most o' ya...\" Walliwitz raised an eyebrow. \"Wh-whaddya mean 'most o' us'?\" he asked. Sid shrugged and gave him the best answer: \"Two o' youse got killed by arrow. We tried ta see if they were even breathin' but they were dead by th' time we got there.\" Blake just gave a small \"hmph.\" and lifted both eyebrows. \"But on th' other hand, I thin' Pappy woulda been happy ta see a again, Blakey!\" Marty noted. Few of the guys looked at Blake. \"Ya think so?\" she asked. Sid chuckled. \"I figured he would. How long's it been since he's... Gone?\" She grinned in a sad way. Marty shrugged and said, \"At least a few years... Like three er so...\" Edgar raised an eyebrow and thought aloud, \"Who's 'Pappy'?\" Marty looked over to Edgar and explained, \"That's his nickname we all gave him. His actual name is Taylor Poe. He was a slave down in 'Bama before being set free due to that 3/5 Compromise set up years back.\" Sid contnued, \"He taught himself how to do all things engineerin', came here, an' was very well known in this town.\" \"Well then wha' does Blake got ta do wit' you two dofuses?\" Butch asked. \"Pappy found her on th' way here eight years ago. She looked pretty traumatized at first. But Pappy knew what to do!\" Sid replied. \"I was at leas' eight when he took me in. I gotta say, y'all did a great job raisin' me before I left after tha'... lil' incident,\" Blake commented. \"Incident?\" Butch said aside. Neither of the three wanted to answer that question; so Marty decided to change the subject and say, \"Speakin' of age: When's yer birthday, Blake?\" She got caught off guard as she thought of the question. \"Uh... May 21. Why?\" Sid and Marty looked at each other and grinned like they know something Blake doesn't. They turned back to her with the grins still on their faces, making Blake and the gangs a little frightened. \"What's wit' that look on yer all's faces?\" Blake asked with a hint of confusion in the tone. \"It's May 21!\" Marty exclaimed. The gangs looked at Blake with the same grins on their faces. \"It's yer birthday, boss?\" \"Well, Buon compleanno, madame!\" \"Y-You fift-t-teen? Er s-s-sixteen?\" \"Heh. Guess I've been out in th' desert fer so long, I guess I kinda lost track o' time...!\" Of course that was a lie. She really didn't lose track of time. The wanted posters with her information and the newspapers kept her up-to-date. Sid whispered something to Marty in his ear and he just giggled. Butch looked down at Blake and all she could give him was a shrug and a look of being unsure. Marty looked back at them and told them they would be right back and went right back into the shop. Before the two came back Butch quickly asked Blake how old she was now. \"I'm sixteen now, thanks ta them,\" she told him. \"Sixteen, eh...?\" Butch smirked. Just then, they all heard something in the shop. The two mechanics were singing some tune they all have not heard of. As they walked out, Marty and Sid started dancing some stupid jig. Blake covered her mouth and tried not to laugh, but the men had on a good confused look on their faces. They began to look at one another, wondering how Blake could have tolerated them. They stopped in front of her and held out something in their hands, both going: \"Ta-daaa!\" while keeping their usual smiles. Blake looked at the cloth-wrapped item and back at them. She grinned and took the 'gift', commenting, \"Wha' did y'all do~?\" \"Open it!\" they said in unison. Blake glanced at Butch and shrugged. She unwrapped it and was surprised at what it was: a knife. Blake looked up to them after a while looking at it and said, \"This is Pappy's.\" Sid told her, \"I'm sure he would want chu ta have it.\" \"We polished it an' ev'rythin' since his death,\" Marty finished. She examined the beautifully welded gaucho knife with a grin. She took out her old hunting knife and took a good look at it before throwing it at a support beam, nearly hitting Skinny and Ray. She smirked at them and said 'innocently', \"Sorry, boys~.\" She put her new knife in the sheath. It fit perfectly. \"Seems like ol' Pappy knew his business, alon' wit' knife care,\" she commented. The guys chuckled. Out of the blue, Marty said, \"Well. Now that that's done: Y'all wanna head o'er to the saloon tonigh'? 'S on us!\" Jake shrugged in agreement and said, \"Don't see no pro'lem with it. I'm in.\" \"Hell yeah!\" \"'S it anythin' like a B&S;?\" Everyone turned to Walliwitz in slight confusion. Walliwitz became flustered as they laid their eyes on him. \"Ya know-uh... Ne'er mind. I like grogs. Grogs 're good...!\" Freighter reminded Walliwitz, \"...Walli. We're not from Australia.\" He blushed deeply in embaressment. \"Oh... Righ...\" They all laughed.[Chapter 18] Later that night, the gangs took the crazy mechanics' advice and went to the saloon. The place was howling with drunks, a few whores here and there, and a band up on the stage prepping for their next song. They find a couple of tables not filled with passed out drunk ranchers. Skinny scanned the saloon and muttered to Butch, \"Don't feel like I woul' wanna trus' any o' these bastards, boss. They seem like the kinds that'll rip ya off in no time.\" \"Course you woul' feel that way, Skinny. Jus' don' look damn suspicious,\" Butch replied. Freighter quietly commented, \"I think he jes' too damn worried 'bout his own health, if ya ask me.\" Butch smirked in agreement. The band on stage got everyone's attention with a little skit. \"Well, it seems that we'll keep our show going with some more original music!\" said a tall black and silver cladded member. \"So what do you say, Jon?\" \"Oh yes! Definitely,\" said Jon. \"You know. Now that I think about it: Jon. Remember when we were in New York recently for our one show?\" \"Oh yes. Hey, Rabbit!\" Rabbit, the lanky one, turned to Jon. \"Flep de flep? Lep yep de yep. You ready?\" The black-silver cladded member looked back and forth from Jon and Rabbit in confusion while the saloon began to laugh. Rabbit nodded. \"Well yep yep. De lep yep. Yep yep?\" \"Jon those aren't words. They sound like words, but they're not words.\" \"Sorry I was having a relapse of yesterday.\" \"Where you also didn't say anything.\" The band kept on with their comedy skit, but soon Frank tapped Blake on the shoulder and motioned with his finger to come outside. Once Frank went out the door, Blake hesitantly stood up and was soon out the door. The last thing she heard was \"Well Rabbit's sick and Jon's...weird. We're the only normal ones here. Mike's weird and Sam... Sam's weird...\" Blake went outside and found Frank leaning on a support beam, arms crossed. Blake smirked. \"Ya know I shoul' be the one in tha' posture, not you,\" she joked. Frank just shrugged and replied, \"Yeah, well... I guess so, too. But there's somethin' I kinda wanna ask ya-\" \"Does have ta do wit' anythin' from Clarton earlier today?\" Blake figured. Frank nodded and rubbed the back of his head. \"Yeah. That...\" The two soon started slowly walking away from the entrance of the saloon. \"Yeah. I'm really sorry 'bout blowin' up on ya like that. I... I kinda had some issues wit' that in my past that... I really don' feel comfert'ble talkin' 'bout,\" she said while sheepishly smiling. He looked at her with a sympathetic look. \"Oh, really. Sorry ta hear 'bout that,\" he said. Blake shrugged and replied, \"Yeah, well... That's all in th' past. I'm kinda over it, ya know?\" The two stopped at a bend and carried on with their conversation. \"Yeah, I git it. But ya know, I been hearin' 'round the guys that...\" While Frank was talking to Blake, Japhet kept watch of the two. Along with a spirit man. Lamia leaned over to Japhet and muttered, \"I don't know about you, but me thinks these two might have a little thing for each other.\" He looked over to the bird and raised his eyebrows. \"If you know what I mean.\" Japhet turned to him and cocked his head to the side. Lamia grinned. \"...An' as far as I know, that's what they've been sayin' ever since then.\" \"I don' blame ya. I've been hearin' Jake actin' like a complete prick about us an'-\" Suddenly, Japhet began to beat his wings at Frank. Frank panicked and yelped a bit; Blake's eyes widened a bit but stayed perfectly still. Japhet got Frank to lean on top of Blake and swooped back on the railing behind him. Frank caught himself and opened his eyes and saw how close his face was to Blake's and blushed from embarrassment. Blake blushed as well and raised an eyebrow. Frank awkwardly apologized but didn't move. Blake sheepishly chuckled and said, \"Yeah, uh, lil' too close to my personal bubble there...\" Lamia couldn't believe his eyes and facepalmed himself from the scene. \"Oh for God's sake ...\" he muttered. Lamia finally collected himself and had a pissed off look as he came up behind Frank, Japhet cocking his head side to side. Frank couldn't act fast as Lamia took his head and shoved it to where Frank's lips crashed onto Blake's. \" Kiss , goddammit!\" he muttered through his teeth doing so. Both their faces turned red from the sudden action along how wide their eyes became. Lamia withdrew and stood by Japhet with his arms crossed, saying, \"There!\" and awaited what would come next. When Frank's lips crashed onto her's, Blake felt her heart stop. She wanted to what she did earlier that day... But she didn't. She actually liked it this time. She could sense that Frank did too. Soon enough, Frank and Blake fluttered their eyes closed and deepened their kiss. As they kissed, Frank wrapped his arms around her waist and gently pushed her against the wall. Blake had her hands against his chest and ran them up and had them around his neck in no time. Frank couldn't help but smile as they kissed while Blake licked his bottom lip. Frank let her tongue in and allowed her to roam his mouth. Blake got on her toes and thought that would help him, only... that made Frank assume that she wanted to be hoisted on his hips. Once he lifted her, she broke the kiss and gave him a sly look along with her smirk. Blake used her finger and lifted the brim of his hat and raised an eyebrow. She muttered sarcastically, \"Pff. Asshole~.\" Frank smirked back and replied, \"My pleasure~.\" and kissed her again. She returned the kiss as she held on to him tight. As they kissed, Lamia smirked in success and muttered to Japhet, \"Well, my dear avian friend. It seems as though our plan has worked just fine~.\" He held out his to the bird and Japhet placed his talon in his hand. Not much longer, Lamia and Japhet looked over; and saw something they weren't expecting. He grinned and said, \"Oh, the looks on their faces when they see them~.\" and materialized. ... ... \"Did 'nyone else see where Blake an' Frank went off to?\" Butch said over the band. The gangs looked around and just now noticed the two were not in the saloon. \"They-they w-were h-here jes' a wh-wh-while ago. I-I dun-n-no where th-they are n-now,\" Scuzz stuttered. \"I think they went outside,\" Freighter said. Butch looked over to Freighter and asked, \"Ya sure?\" He nodded in reply. Butch then turned to the other end of the table and ordered, \"Could 'ny o' y'alls check if those two youngsters 're out there?\" Jake raised both his eyebrows and got up saying, \"I'll be yer canary~. No problem~.\" He turned around on one foot with the other out straight. He walked like a cowboy cassanova, obviously oblivious to the look of annoyance on Butch. Jake talked to himself while finding them. \"Well since I was the only one who actually saw them walk out and have their... 'lil' talk', I guess it wouldn't hurt ta check up on 'em- A WHOAAAA !\" His jaw felt like it dropped to the floor when he found the two not too far away from the entrance, his boss on Frank's waist; and against the wall; and their lips were touching. With a toothy smile (and maybe a girly giggle), he walked back to them, but never said a word. \"Wha' the Hell's that look for?\" Butch asked pointing to Jake's face. Jake quirkyly replied, \"...Well. If it were Christmas time, I'd be sayin': 'You are not gonna believe who I found under the mistletoe~!'\" \"The Hell ya talkin' 'bout?!\" Butch's chair scraped the floor. Jake kept on smirking and walked backwards to the entrance. \"Why doncha see for yerself~.\" ... ... \"...Ya think anyone's gonna find out 'bout us?\" Frank asked in between kissing. \"I got my way o' keepin' a secret... An' keepin' my guys quiet~,\" Blake replied. \"Hope yer righ',\" Frank muttered. He was then able to slip her scarf off and move his lips down her neck. Blake leaned her head back and bit her lip. Her hands were curled up a bit as she fought the urge to push him away due to her traumatic past experience with this. While Frank started to lightly suck on her neck, Blake opened her eyes and accidentally saw something she shouldn't have. Now with wide eyes, Blake gently yet quickly slaped Frank's face. \"F-Frank! Frank knock it off! Quit it! Stoppit!\" she said through her teeth. Frank pulled away and leaned his forehead against hers. \"Wha's the problem, Blakey~?\" he asked flirtatiously. He ignored how red her face was and the look of 'You're an idiot!' that went along with it. She placed her hand on his head and forced him to turn to her gang and Butch's gang right at the entrance. Frank yelped and accidentally dropped Blake on her butt; and immediately his face turned a deep red. Blake got back on her feet and joined Frank in coming up with an excuse for their make-out session. \"I-uh-we...Ah-he-he jus'-\" \"It-It's not wha' it l-loks like! Sh-she-\" \"G-gg-gaaaaaaah-I-um-uh-\" \"Ahm-W-weeell-erm-uh-\" But they aren't dumb. The whole gang resisted the temptation of laughing at their naiveness. With no excuse to come to mind, the two said in unison: \" IT WAS THE BIRD'S FAULT! \" and pointed to who they thought was Japhet was only nothingness. They snapped their heads to his former location and quickly realized he was gone. They were dumbfounded. \"' The bird's fault ', eh~?\" they heard Butch say. They couldn't turn to him. \"An' the last time I heard, y'alls said chus was only 'friends',\" Jesus said. \"Perhaps-a friends with-a benefits~,\" came from Edgar. \" ED! \" Blake pouted. Now they couldn't help but laugh, minus Frank, of course. \"Hey!\" Everyone turned to the direction of Marty's voice. \"Hey guys! We got ourselves a train ready ta head outta here, y'all can-\" He noticed Frank and Blake's faces and the fact that they looked like they got caught doing something unexpected. He lifted a finger and pointed back and forth between the two. \"...Y'all official?\" he asked. Blake groaned and facewalled. She heard the men laughing. ... ... \"C'mon! We'll take this car. Y'all can take th' one by where th' horses are,\" Blake said. Butch agreed. Half of the gang slipped into the cars while the other half loaded the horses in another. Blake was about to hop in with her gang before she heard: \"Wait. Blake.\" She turned around and saw Frank coming up to her. She hesitated and stepped down from the car and waited for him to come up. \"What now?\" she asked. \"Um, well, nothin' really,\" Frank replied. Blake rolled her eyes. \"Then what?\" she demanded. \"Well, I- … Oh wow!\" he said. \"What?\" \"Y-Yer eye…! In this kinda light…\" Frank muttered. Blake blushed. \"W-What abou' it?\" \"...Uh, it's… kinda stupid, though, but… It's like a ruby. Though it ain't nothing compared ta this one-\" and he parted her hair out of her right eye. \"-Like an aquamarine. Shinin' in the sunset.\" All Blake could do was stare at him blankly and blush. This was the first time she ever felt flattered by someone. \"Uuum… Th-thanks… I guess…?\" was all she could say. Frank chuckled. \"Well, 'nyway. I- I didn't git ta say that when we-\" \"Nah I think I get it, Frank. Don't need ta say so.\" To break the awkward silence they stood in, Frank put his hand under her chin and got her to look up for a kiss. The two were in complete bliss until- \"Ey! We need ta start movin'! Would you love birds get in?!\" Blake broke the kiss and the two turned to Barrett, who was leaning out of one of the cars. \"Fer God's sake, Barrett! Whaddya want?!\" Blake said in a pissed tone. \"Well wese waitin' fer th' rest o' y'all. Where Ray an' Jesus?\" asked Barrett. Then Frank spoke up again: \"Oh, righ'! Theyse still in th' saloon. Alon' wit' tha' Walli guy. They'll catch up, they said.\" \"Well Hell I ain't gon wait no longer,\" Blake retorted. \"W-We- You ain't?\" \"Hell knowin' Walli, the lil' guy can chat up a storm, an' nothin' can stop him,\" Blake noted. \"Well, tell yer lil' hunchback Aussie ta high-tail his ass now!\" Barrett exclaimed. \"Well tell yer lil' mouth ta SHUT IT and git YER ass in th' damn car!\" she fired back. Barrett gave a sign, saying to himself \"Whatever...\" and slipped back in the train. As soon as Blake was about to hop in her gang's train, she commented, \"Are those guys always like that, Frank?\" He nodded. \"Mainly him an' Jesus. Th' others do their own thin'.\" Blake smirked. \"Seems like they cain't get a hold o' themselves.\" \"Seems like it.\" ... ... \"Well swing a little more, little more o'er the merry-o! Swing a little more, a little more next to me! Swing a little more, little more o'er the merry-o! Swing a little more on the Devil's Dance Floor!\" \" BWAHAHAAAA! \" Coming out of the saloon, Jesus, Ray, and Walliwitz sang a drunken tune and danced like a trio of chickens with their heads cut off. They were laughing their heads off as well while drinking whatever booze they had brought along. Then Walliwitz said drunkenly, \"Ya know... You guys are li'e my bes' buds, ya know~?\" \"Same goes to you, Walli!\" Jesus replied. \"An' I looove ya guys, too!\" The trio just stood there looking at each other before bursting out laughing. Walliwitz walked a little faster than Jesus and Ray. Just as he was chugging down another round of booze, Walliwitz heard some people talking: \"...And what about the girl?\" \"Blake? She should in the train by now.\" Walliwitz stopped drinking and put his bottle down as soon as he heard his boss's name. The rest of the trio caught up to him, laughing. Walliwitz put his hand up to make them be quiet. \"What is it-\" \"Sshh! Git down!\" They ducked down. \"Wha's gotten inta you so sudden-\" \"Shut it! Listen.\" They listened. \"Now look 'ere, Mr. Joe, sir. If-if we do our job, c-can you actually let us go?\" \"Heheh. I'll put that into consideration.\" \"Walli. Who's talkin'?\" Jesus whispered. \"I-I dunno-\" He leaned enough just to see inside the shop. It was Marty and Sid. \"It's the crazy mechs!\" Ray nodded. \"Okay. But who's this Joe guy?\" he asked quietly. All Walli could give was a shrug. \"Dunno. Never heard o' the guy. But apparently he knows Blake somehow.\" \"Yer boss?\" \"Yup.\" They continued eavesdropping the conversation. \"Y-You say stuff like that but I don't they truly happen, you know wha' I mean?\" they heard Marty say. \"...Are you saying that I am lying?\" said Joe. \"W-Well not neccessarily. I-I mean we-\" Joe's voice sounded angrier this time. \"You know the deal! Years ago you two nitwhits agreed to luring her to me if she ever came back here! Now do your half of the business, or else I'll send you two straight down to Hell ! Just like your 'Pappy'~.\" Ray, Jesus and Walliwitz shuddered by his tone of voice. Joe finished: \"Is that understood?\" Marty and Sid nodded; but then Sid spoke up: \"Though, with all due respect, Joe, this plot's a lil' ridicu-\" \"And WHAT -\" Joe suddenly grabbed Sid by the throat with his... Well what the trio thought was his hand but was actually a scorpion-like pincer. \"-did I tell you idiots about timing the kill?!\" And he slammed Sid against a table, parts and splinters flew around him. Walliwitz, Jesus, and Ray flinched. As Joe kept firing threats at the poor mechanics, Walliwitz suggested to sneak across and hopefully not get caught. Walliwitz went first; then Jesus; and lastly Ray. \"I need her blood by the time the full moon rises to its highest in order for him to have his filling-\" Just as Ray crossed, he lost his footing and accidentally dropped one of the booze bottles by the entrance. The bottle breaks. Joe, Sid, and Marty turned their heads towards the door. Walliwitz panicked and covered Jesus's mouth, who then reacted by covering both Walliwitz's and Ray's mouths. They sat there breathing rapidly through their noses and bug-eyed. Joe cocked his head like a curious dog and raised an eyebrow. He only took one step forward. Joe then just shrugged off the feeling and said to himself: \"Thought I heard something. Was probably nothing.\" He went back to discussing the plot; Ray motioned with his hand to get out of there. Before any of them could move, large numbers of spiders and scorpions began to appear and crawl up towards them. Jesus began to panic; Ray tried to squish them; Walliwitz became petrified. \"So, as the deal goes: You bring me the girl, I'll let you two go. If not, you will most certainly suffer the consequences…\" and with that, he disappeared into thin air. Marty and Sid gave out a sigh of relief. … … \"Freighter! How long have those deadbeats been in tha' damn saloon?\" Blake asked aloud. Freighter got up and paced around and replied, \"It's only been ten minutes, boss. Just relax.\" She rolled her eyes. \"Ya know me damn well how tired I get waitin on tha' lil' slow poke. The guy cain't keep stoppin' an' smellin' the roses,\" she stated. \"Hey! Jus' quit whinin'. They'll get here soon enough,\" said Jake. \"Whinin'? I am not \"whinin'\". I am complaining. Do you want to hear \"whinin\"? This is whinin'! Ooohhhh! This corset is too tight! Can't you loosen it?! OH! It hurts! Why didn't you clean it first?! It's gonna leave a stain, and so's the vest! Why do I have to button it?!-\" \"Okay. Okay! We get it!\" \"...I thought so-\" \" GAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHHHHH! \" \" GIT 'EM OFF! GIT 'EM OFF! \" \" I THINK ONE JUST WENT UP MY PANTS! \" \" BAJAR, ENGENDRA DEMONIOS DEL INFIERNO! \" Heads turned to the source of the screaming. \"What. The. Fuck?...,\" Blake muttered. From the distance, everyone could see Walliwitz, Ray, and Jesus running around like chickens with their heads cut off. \"Is.. I-Is th-tha' W-Walli? A-an-\" \"Si.\" \"Wha' have those ding-bats got themselves into now?\" Blake jumped out of the car and yelled: \"Walli! What the hell did you do?\" But Walliwitz just ran, shoved her out of the way, and jumped in the car. He found a spot and curled up in fetal position, still shaking after the scorpion-spider infestation. The other gang members watched Ray and Jesus jump into the other car and tell Butch to get the conductors to start the engine and leave town for good. Blake returned to the car, Japhet perched on her shoulder. They all kept staring at Walliwitz like he was a bat out of Hell. She pointed a finger and raised an eyebrow. \"What the hell was that all about?\" she asked Edgar. He just shrugged. \"Only an idiot would know.\" Sometime later, the train jerked forward. \"Looks like we're takin' off!\" Blake announced. \"You think the others noticed?\" Her gang turned to Jake due to his stupidity. … … \"Ray! Jesus! Wha' in the hell was that damn commotion?\" Butch yelled at the two curled up outlaws. \"It-It was disgusting! Damn spiders 'bout damn bit me!\" \"S-Si, senor! Ask tha' Walli guy!\" \"I'll ask you two idiots-\" Soon enough, they felt the train jerk forward. \"Looks like we're headin' out, boys!\" Butch said. \"Good! Let's get th' hell outta this town!\" \"Not gonna risk seein' them spiders.\" \"...Now yer jes' bein' a buncha damn pussies.\" Ray and Jesus just shrugged. ... ... Blake took her hat off as she took a spot on the floor and let Japhet nest in it. \"Might as well get some sleep while we travel. Pro'ly gonna need it,\" she said. \"W-W-Wait! Sh-shoul'n't someone be, uh, be on watch, er s-s-somethin'?\" Scuzz thought aloud. Freighter nodded. \"He's right on that. I'd say I'll stay awake an-\" \"Freight. You really don' need to. An' Scuzz... I like the idea, but I think with us bein' on a train, I don' think it's really neccesary. Y'all just sleep,\" Blake interrupted. Scuzz hesitated before eventually going to sleep like the others. \"S-Sure it ain't worth th-the risk...\" he muttered. \"Whaddya mean by that?\" Blake asked. Scuzz was silent. \"J-J... Just sayin',\" was his response. Blake reacted with a raised eyebrow. ... ... For the past 10 minutes, Blake was still wide awake. It's not that the noise of the train had kept her up (minus the snoring men in the same car), but the fact that when Walliwitz told her about the scorpions and spiders attacking him. She didn't think that many would be in this part of Texas. The thought soon went out of her mind as she tried to actually sleep. Blake took her hat off and let Japhet nest in it. She didn't need to use her coat as a pillow like she usually does. She curled up into fetal position and tried to sleep, but only had numerous thoughts running in her head. She stared into space until she eventually fell asleep. And the night was going to be a long one.[Chapter 19] Blake slowly opened her eyes. All she could see was darkness except for the light shining through the cracks of the train car. As she was suspecting she was alone, she heard the door open. Out came what she assumed was a warden for a prison. All Blake could do was watch. The warden stopped and turned to the wall. He looked down and started talking to it. Blake raised an eyebrow and moved a little closer. Upon further expection, she noticed there was a man, probably in his mid-fifties, dressed in all grey, looking down from the warden. As the warden kept insulting the man, the grey cladded man eventually looked up and gave him a sly smirk. The warden mocked him once more before turning around. He never got the chance to move any further before the man in grey stood up and hacked the guy in half with a hidden machete. Blake stood there in horror. Blake felt her heart race, her face slowly dripping with sweat. She felt as though she couldn't swallow. The grey cladded man the looked at her and smiled one of the most murderous smiles she had ever seen. Blake wanted to move... But she couldn't. She was too petrified to move. \"What's the matter~?\" the man asked. She felt her heart stop. What was this feeling? She couldn't figure it out fast enough. \"Do I sense a strong wave of fear in you~?\" Was that it? Fear? If so, then she hasn't felt this in a very long time. \"I'm sorry, deary~. How about I put you out of your misery~?\" and the man shot her. Three times. ... ... Blake woke up in a jolt. She felt the ground and could feel sand- Wait. Sand? Blake got up and could feel the blazing sun beat down on her. The feeling made her uncomfortable despite wearing dark clothing all the time. She looked around and found herself on the 'battle ground' from yesterday. Her mind told her that everyone was dead, even... No. Not him. Blake looked around, feeling that same feeling she felt from that first dream. She soon spotted something lying on the ground a few yards from her. She took a few steps closer to the unidentified... body. She found that the body was dressed in black, had long black hair, and seemed to be of a slender stature. Her heart immediately stopped. \"Butch?!\" She ran over to his body faster than a dog running to its master joyfully. As Blake came to Butch's lifeless body, she turned him over and became consumed with silent agony when she saw how bloodied his face was. \"B-Butch? Can ya hear me?\" she begged. She shook him a few times. \"Butch! C-C'mon! This ain't funny!\" Tears began to fill her eyes. \"Come. On! Wake up! Please!\" No matter how hard she tried, she could never get Butch to respond. Now feeling desperate, she looked up from him and around the field. She stood up. She ran. \"Help!\" she screamed. \"Help!... Somebody!... Anybody...\" she cried out, hoping for someone to come. But all hope was lost. \"Help...\" she muttered. The tears finally escaped her eyes and flowed freely down her face. The tears were of not only sadness, helplessness, and despair, but of anger and guilt as well. Blake slowly walked back to Butch's body. She went down on her knees and collapsed onto his chest. Blake cried her tears of sadness and anger. That was all she felt she could do at this point. Until she heard a pistol's safety click back that is. Her eyes widened and she quickly raised her head off Butch. Something inside her gut told her not to turn around. Blake barely swallowed. She felt the barrel of the gun on the back of her head. Her breathing hastened as her heart raced. She heard a voice say: \"I'll just send you down to Hell. Where you rightfully belong~.\" And he pulled the trigger. ... ... Blake woke up again. This time, she had absolutely no idea where she was. All she could see was darkness; and all she could hear were countless voices. She felt the feeling again. This time it didn't affect her much on the outside as much as it affected her on the inside. She heard a voice; and it was none of the ones filling the dark abyss. \"I finally caught up to you, Blakely~. After all these years,\" the voice said. She recognized the voice. \"J-Joe?\" she said. The same voice chuckled. Afterwards, a hazy light appeared in front of her and just like so, Joe materialized right in front of her. The fear feeling grew stronger in her. How was he alive? \"Wh-What er ya doin' here?! Wh-Why now?\" Blake questioned. Joe only smiled and asked her, \"You thought I was dead~?\" She hesitated but nodded slowly. He continued, \"Your little massacre had somehow missed me by a long shot~. However, I will tell you now-\" Blake somehow turned her head and could see arms grabbing her and restraining her. She paniced as she struggled. \"I admit that you did a very fine job with the killing.\" Blake stopped struggling and looked at him. He got closer to Blake's face as he kept on going: \"If you must know, it wasn't your friend Lamia that told you to do it...\" What? Joe grinned murderously like she had seen in the first dream. He leaned down and whispered in her ear: \"You and Lamia are still, to this day, under my influence~.\" Her eyes widened in horror and disbelief. Before Blake could act, the arms restraining her pulled her into the darkness. She screamed for them to stop. She wanted to struggle out of there, but they took a hold of her real good. She wanted to look an see who exactly was holding her back. She gasped in fear when she saw the burned and marred faces of the people who were once her family. Her mother laughed demonically as her uncle and father clasped her mouth shut. They then forced her head back to Joe. Tears were once again filling her eyes and flowing down her face. \"So you see the result of your finest work~?! You see what our minds don't think about once we commit these acts?\" Blake wanted to yell, \"No! No! I get it! Let me go!\" but all that could come out of her mouth was a whimper. Joe's face darkened. \"As of now, nothing will save you-\" he underwent a horrific transformation into a monsterous cross of a spider and a scorpion. Now Blake can take spiders and scorpions alone; but having a crossbreed of them was a different story. Her heart rate was rapidly going up. The tears of fear flowing like a waterfall down her face. Joe raised a claw and was ready to strike down. \"Nothing will save you from Hell!\" He struck and stabbed her. ... ... Blake gasped in horror as she jolted straight up. He face was covered in sweat, her body shaking. Blake felt very warm and threw off her jacket. She examined her surroundings and saw that she was back on the train and that her gang was asleep... Or she thought they were. She pinched her hand to make sure she was awake for real and not dreaming again. She felt the pinch and gave a shaky sigh of relief. Blake stared at the ceiling for a moment while muttering to herself: \"Okay. It was jus' a dream. It was jes' a dream. Jes' a dream...\" But now, Blake felt the urge to breakdown right there. Her bottom lip quivered. She curled herself in a ball and gently rocked back and forth. \"J-Jus'... Jus' a... A dream...\" she whispered in tears. She cried softly. ... ... Something was bothering him. No matter how hard he tried, Butch couldn't get back to sleep. He gave up and opened his eyes. He looked up and saw that it wasn't anything in his car. Just a bunch of sleeping drunk gangmen and nothing else. Butch stood up and slicked his hair back and leaned against the wall, arms crossed. He thought about that gut feeling for a moment before quietly exiting the car. He slid the door close and hesitated before the next. He felt the gut feeling grow. Butch took out his knife and slid it through the peep-hole, not wanting to disturb anyone of Blake's gang at first. He got it to open and he slid it just enough to see inside. Butch didn't see anything until he saw the girl curled up in a corner with her head on her knees. His look concerned, he put his ear up to the peeper and could hear a faint quiet cry. His heart tugged and he slid the door open. He closed it and silently stepped over her gang to check on Blake. Blake didn't look up and didn't notice Butch's presence when he knelt down in front of her. \"Y'alright, Blake?\" he muttered to her. Blake shot her head up and saw the worried look on his face even in the dark. She didn't want Butch to see her weak side and snapped, \"I'm fine! Nothin's wrong!\" and turned away from him. She still felt his eyes on her and she turned back to him. She could read in his grey-blue eyes that he knew that she was consumed with fear. Her angry look quickly became a look of apology, anxiety, sadness, and deep fear. Blake put her head back down and said in a muffled voice: \"No... No I'm not...\" and cried again. Butch immediately thought of a way to talk to her personally. \"Here. C'mon,\" he said getting her on her feet. He put his arm around her and held her close. He knew that the first car behind the engine was empty and also knew that Marty and Sid probably wouldn't mind them being in there. Once they got in the car, Butch sat the both of them down in silence. Blake never looked to him but Butch kept his eyes on her the whole time. He spoke up: \"Wha' seems ta be th' problem, kid?\" She still didn't make eye contact with him as she hesitantly told him about her dreams. \"...It... I jus'... Jus' had three dreams, all at th' same time...\" Tears quickly came back to her eyes. Butch nodded and said, \"Alrigh'. Wha' happened?\" She explained her first dream with her first encounter with Joe and the prison warden. She carried on, \"...Th-then he killed the guy... Ch-chopped him im half...\" Butch was silent as he put his hand on her shoulder and asked her to simply keep going. Though the second dream made her want to breakdown, she mentally slapped herself to stay strong and tell him what happened. \"R-Remember tha' incident with them Comanches?\" she asked. Butch nodded, clearly remembering that. Her bottom lip trembled as she explained, \"...I was... The only one ta live. E'ryone else was dead-\" Blake began to breakdown for real, making Butch feel even more worried about this. \"-includin' you!\" she finished before crying. Butch was shocked by what she had told him. He gently gripped her arm and pulled her right next to him. \"What...?\" he said softly. Blake nodded. \"I... I screamed fer help... But no one came. Then... I dunno who it was, but somebody shot an' killed me again...!\" Butch cupped her face with his other hand and wiped a tear from her cheek. She looked up at him and he had a soft and worried expression. Blake felt like she couldn't finish telling the last dream before crying. \"I... I dunno where I was... B-But someone I knew was there-\" \"Who?\" She hesitated. \"My... My uncle J-Joe...!\" From that Butch cringed almost and pulled her close to him to the point where she had her head on his chest. \"An'... An' I realized somethin' about him...\" she said in between sniffs. Butch never said a word but she knew he was looking down at her. \"...After all this time... The son-ova-bitch ain't nothin' but a damn sick liar. An' I trusted him!\" Butch remained silent and allowed her to finish. \"I... I thought he-he... Joe-Joe forced me ta kill 'em! He only wanted their damn blood fer whatever th' Hell he wanted! He-he even wants me dead! The... The asshole! He-\" Blake couldn't take it and broke down, burying half her face in Butch's chest and clutched onto his coat. Butch sat there in thought for a moment before putting his arms around her saying, \"It's alrigh'. It's alrigh'.\" Blake spoke up again, this time, a little angier: \"I cain't believe I fell fer every damn thing tha' snake ever said! If all he wanted was my dead body, then why th' hell did he let me go?!\" She beat his chest as she said this. Butch honestly didn't mind it. He was kind of used to that. \"I shoul' be dead now! I ain't worth the shit I used ta be! I-\" \"Blake.\" Blake stopped. \"Blake. Look at me.\" She didn't look up. Butch put his hand under her chin and got her to look up. He then cupped her face and used his thumb to wipe the tears from her eye. He sighed and said, \"Ya gotta quit blamin' yerself. All that'll do is jes' drag ya... An' it ain't gonna make anythin' better. All o' that's in the past. You cain't do nothin' 'bout it.\" Blake rested her head back on his chest.\"Besides: Remember what I said back at Clarton?\" She looked back up at him and back down. She thought about it for a while. \"I gotta learn ta let go an' move on?\" she asked. Butch smiled sweetly at her and nodded. \"Exactly,\" he said. \"An' if you even think Joe would get anywhere to hurtin' ya-\" he held onto Blake tightly. \"-he'd hafta get through me before gettin' over to you.\" Blake remained silent. \"An' I ain't lettin' no damn jack-wagon like him do somethin' like that to a girl like you,\" he finished. For years, Blake never would think of hearing words like that from her own father, much less a cannibalistic outlaw like Butch Cavendish. She let the words seep in quickly before her breathing got shakey and became teary eyed. \"Y-you actually...?\" she said quietly. At first, Blake didn't think he heard her, but the next thing she knew, Butch had his coat around her and had embraced her again. All was silent before he uttered: \"Every word of it.\" Of all things for a father to say and mean, Butch had done it all. She never knew the feeling to feel safe around a father and not like she doesn't exsist. She whimpered. \"Now wha'?\" Butch heard her. She collected herself and gave him her answer: \"I... I jus' ne'er really had parents. They all gon treat me like a slave. Not like I'm a human bein'.\" \"I don' understand why people like that would be heartless to make you a slave...,\" Butch said, giving her shoulder a gentle squeeze. After a few moments of silence, Butch told Blake to get some rest. Blake began to close her eyes when she said, \"Ya know, from what I heard about you, yer kinda cold an' a heartless ass to... Well pretty much alotta people.\" He raised an eyebrow. \"But from what I've been seeing... You've been like a dad to me more than anythin'. And honestly, that kinda meant alot ta me,\" she ended with a grin and fell to sleep. Butch couldn't believe what he had just heard. Him? A dad? He never even thought about that connection with her. His train of thought got cut off once he heard the car door open. He rested his chin on her head, tilted his head to where it looked like he was asleep, and waited. He knew it had to either be Marty or Sid that opened the door since, obviously, they were the only ones wide awake and monitoring the engine. He heard the door close and he relaxed and gave a sigh of relief. He kept his chin on Blake and messed with her hair momentarily. ... ... Marty checked on the car in which he thought was empty. He opened the door and found Butch holding onto Blake like she was his lifeline. Marty reported back to Sid. \"Is everythin' alright?\" Sid asked. \"I think ol' Butch an' Blake 're asleep in th' next car. Didn' wanna wake 'em up, ya know,\" Marty replied. Sid nodded. \"Alrigh' then.\" Sid turned his head back to the front and the two were silent. Then, Sid spoke up: \"You think Blake won't trust us after we take her ta Joe an' Cole?\" Marty shook his head; \"If only she found out we were only doin' this ta save ourselves. You heard wha' Joe did ta Pappy all those years ago.\" Sid knew exactly what Marty was talking about. He and Marty could only watch as their mentor and father-figure got butchered right in front of them eight years ago. \"Once we take her ta him, he promised us our freedom,\" Sid noted. \"Yeah, but, Sid, not alotta people do truly mean that kinda thing,\" Marty debated. Sid nodded. \"Yeah, I know...\" \"An' honestly, I'm startin' to feel a lil' guilty for doin' this. She shouldn't deserve to die like this. I don't think it's fair for what he did to her.\" Sid kept maintaining the engine. \"I know... So am I...\" Was all he said. The rest of the trip was silent.[Chapter 20] The wheels clicked along the rails like a lullaby. The car door was halfway open and had allowed the light of the new dawn in. Surely that together could make anyone be sleepy. But not Butch. After all that Blake had told him about Joe and being treated like a slave by her own flesh and blood, how could he sleep? It irked him more than anything. He wondered how horrific it was for her uncle to torture her mentally and turned her into a psycho so quickly. Then he remembered his own meeting with Joe. 'The girl snapped .' ' Blakely had no mental strength ' ' That is why she is a cold hearted murderer... ' All those words... He couldn't believe it. Butch looked down at Blake, all curled up next to him and sleeping peacefully. Butch knew that if she didn't tell him about the abuse, her life would just only get worse and worse. At least he was happy he helped her get over her past. But the last words she said before she slept: \"...You were like dad to me me more than anythin'. An' honestly, that meant alot ta me.\" Butch hadn't really taken that father-daughter relationship between them into consideration, but was that the feeling he had when they actually first met? And now that he thought about it... ~I am a question to the world Not an answer to be heard Or a moment held in your arms~ They watched as the girl and her gang left the bar. Butch smirked as they all got their spots on the bar. \"Welp, boys! First rounds on me!\" That really got the gang cheering. The bar keep brought them rounds of whiskey. Just as Butch was about to down his first round, he hesitated and put it down. He wasn't sure what it was, but something about the girl looked awfully familiar. Her boy cut beige hair covering her right eye, in which he noted was really close to his eye color, only much lighter. She had a thug-ish personality only he could be like. But that wasn't it! Butch looked at his gang who were too busy getting drunk and took out a photo from his pocket. He took a good long look at it: it was a photo of a woman. From what he remembered, the woman had beige hair just as identical as the girl's. He vividly remembered her rusty eyes, but he didn't remember her having a full blue eye like that Blake kid's; only half of her eye was as blue as her's. So; could the girl-? 'Oh that was a damn coincidence! There's no way in Hell!' he thought. He shook off the feeling and gently traced over the woman's face with a finger and muttered to himself, \"Angela...\" ~And what do you think you'd ever say? I won't listen anyway, you don't know me And I'll never be what you want me to be~ \"Ey, boy! Git o'er here,\" Butch ordered. Blake rolled her eyes in annoyance from his nickname for her. She walked to him saying, \"Ya know Imma girl, right?\" Butch chuckled. \"Yeah, yeah...,\" he said to himself. \"Anyway, ya know why I called ya o'er here?\" \"No, sir,\" said Blake. Butch smirked. \"I got a few things fer you ta do,\" he said. Blake gave him a questioning look. \"Meaning?\" she asked. He led her to the horses. \"Ya see these?\" Blake nodded. \"Wha' about 'em?\" Butch gave her a smirk that made her concerned. \"I need ya ta tend them fer today~.\" \"... Are you shittin' serious?\" she said. Butch just looked at her with his smirk. \"You gotta learn somethin' useful, kid.\" Blake judgmentally gave him a look and replied, \"Um. How 'bout no way in damn hell!\" Butch glared at her. \"You really sayin' 'no' to me, again?\" She crossed her arms and protested, \"Sure as hell I am.\" The two stared into each others eyes threatenly until Blake gave in to his odd request. \"Oh fer God- FINE! I'll do it...!\" He gave her a victorious grin. \"That's what I thought, boy,\" he joked. \"I'll shoot yer damn head off if ya call me that again,\" she threatened. Butch walked away and rolled his eyes. ~And what do you think you'd understand? I'm a boy, no, I'm a man You can't take me and throw me away~ Blake watched him walk away and she turned to the horses. \"God damn that ol' bastard... Think he can do this sorta shit ta me?! Well he's got another thing comin'!\" she ranted to herself. She started taking the saddles off the horses and began cleaning them. ~And how can you learn what's never shown? Yeah, you stand here on your own They don't know me 'cause I'm not here And I want a moment to be real Wanna touch things I don't feel Wanna hold on and feel I belong~ Later that night, Butch came back to check on Blake's progress with the horses. He thought that she would be beaten down by them and be in a foul mood. But she wasn't. She was asleep. Blake had used her jacket as a pillow and had her hat cover her face. Butch shook his head, thinking she fell asleep on the job. So, he checked the horses himself. He noted that not only were the horses cleaned and fed, but she also cleaned out all of their guns, even the backup ones. They were loaded and everything. He stepped back and took the moment to realize that this kid really did have what it takes to be an outlaw. Butch smirked. He was impressed, that's for sure. Just a few seconds later, he heard the sound of wings flapping near his ear. He turned his head and saw that her albino eagle Japhet had perched on his shoulder. Butch remembered Blake saying that Japhet would only do that if he thinks he trusts the person. \"Seems like you believe I ain't all tha' bad now, do ya?\" Butch said to the bird of prey. Japhet looked right back at him. Butch could tell in the bird's eyes that he could. Butch smirked again and took his jacket off, with Japhet getting off of him to do so. He knelt down and covered Blake with the jacket and stood up and walked away. He didn't realize that Blake tiredly woken up and pushed her hat up a bit, just enough to see him walk away with Japhet on his shoulder. She smiled and pulled his jacket up a little and went back to sleep. ~And how can the world want me to change? They're the ones that stay the same They don't know me 'cause I'm not here~ Walliwitz was cowering a little as the argument between his boss and Butch. He never liked arguing in the first place. \"Look. I'm jes' sayin' that if we take them Rangers down, I'm certain someone's gonna find out sooner er later about 'em bein' missin'.\" Butch looked at her like she was nuts. \"Since when were you 'fraid o' the damn Rangers? Thought you ain't afraid o' 'em~?\" Blake hesitated on her answer. \"Fer one thing, I'm already in deep enough bat shit with them an' even if i were 'fraid of 'em, I still-\" Butch took his knife out from the fire and pointed it directly to her face, a dark grin appeared on his face. ~And you see the things they never see All you wanted I could be Now you know me and I'm not afraid~ Blake's gang became tense as the hot blade got too close to their boss's cheek. \"Wh-whaddya think yer doin' there?!\" she asked. Butch glared at her angrily. \"Ya think yer gonna fuckin' talk back ta me?! Cuzz I will cut yer damn throat open. An' yer blood'll be spilt-\" Blake grabbed his wrist, swept her leg under his and flipped him over. Blake then grabbed the knife and used it to her defense. Of course, Butch wasn't really happy about that. \"Why you lil' bitch!\" he yelled before Blake ran off, her gang (mostly Freighter) held him back. Her gang knew about her hate, and possible fear, about hot metals. Butch cursed at the top of his lungs but Blake got far away enough to where she barely heard him and his gang fight back. Once she found a place to catch her breath, she hid behind a tree and just waited. She examined the knife and saw that the blade was fairly hot. Next thing she did was toss it away from her. Blake might have told her boys about her past bad experiences with hot metals, but she never told them about being touched with a cattle prod; and that was not an accident. Blake just sat there and never heard footsteps heading her way. A voice made her jump. \"The hell did she go?!\" She squeeked a bit under her breath. Butch was just around the tree when he found his knife in the dark. \"Found you...\" he muttered. His eyes caught her as he saw her cower, fearing for what could come next. ~And I want to tell you who I am Can you help me be a man? They can't break me as long as I know who I am~ \"Look, kid. I can somewhat understand that you really didn't mean ta do that, an' that's okay,\" he told her. \"...I. I didn't mean it. I-I took yer knife,\" she uttered. \"No I understand-\" \"You got mad. Because of me. It's my fault... An' I'm sorry.\" \"Did you think I was gonna beat the crap outta you...?\" he asked. Blake cringed by those words. \"Alrigh', look. I can see that you got real defensive back there. An' tha' you just kinda snapped.\" Blake kept quiet. \"An' besides, I won't tell anyone we had this conversation. Got it?\" Blake looked up at him innocently. \"An' if you want- Uh- Fer God's sake, don' look at me like that, kid! It was jes' a bit o' rough housin'. No big deal!\" he assured her. From the look on Blake's face, she still didn't seem to trust him too well. Butch rolled his eyes in her stubbornness. \"Okay. That's it. C'mere-\" and he grabbed her arm; but Blake only resisted. \"Kid. Come on! Quit-\" Blake and Butch then fought again. Butch managed to grab both of her wrists and that got her to stop. He then looked directly into her eyes in a stern way. \"Trust me on this!\" he said. She still didn't trust him. \"...I won't try ta hurt ya this time,\" he admitted. She thought about it for a second before she relaxed. Butch got her back up to her feet but she got out of his grip and she started to walk away. \"Wha- Hey! Where do ya think yer goin'?!\" he asked. Blake stopped in her tracks. \"You know you shouldn't 'ave grabbed me like that...,\" she said. He wasn't sure what she meant by that; she muttered: \"Besides, you wouldn' understand what I been through...\" and she walked back, wiping the tears from her eyes. Butch stood there in wonder. ~And I want a moment to be real Wanna touch things I don't feel Wanna hold on and feel I belong And how can the world want me to change? They're the ones that stay the same They don't know me 'cause I'm not here~ As the fire was dying out, so was the commotion around it. The last person to fall asleep was Freighter. Before, he had said he would stay up for a bit of night watching; so that didn't happen. Blake and Butch were the ones ultimately awake now. Blake fed the fire while Butch just sat and stared into the flames. \"Ya know. I- I was kinda thinkin'...,\" Blake mumbled. \"'Bout what?\" Butch asked. She shrugged and said, \"What happened a few weeks ago.\" Butch turned his head to her without a word. She continued, \"I never had to burst out like that... I even told my gang not to touch me like tha'.\" Of course, Butch knew about the abuse in her past, so that didn't surprise him she said that. \"An' I kinda wanna say... I'm sorry.\" His whole life, Butch has never heard anyone admit a flaw and then later apologize for it. \"Why are you sayin' that?\" he asked. She shrugged. \"...I dunno. I... I guess it's somethin' I've been taught ta do fer years... Kinda stuck with me,\" Blake answered. The two stared into the fire again in silence. Butch kept taking quick glances at her, thinking about a woman he loved back when. He couldn't help but note Blake's beige hair, the one blue eye, almost like his, and her maroon eye. He even realized her smirk matched his. He thought about his question to her. But he also wanted to know how she got her gang to be like this. After a moment, he asked, \"How do you find these kinda people?\" Blake looked up from the fire. \"Whaddya mean?\" she wondered. Butch shrugged. \"I mean, how do ya find guys like them…?\" Blake looked around at her gang, now noting what he meant. \"I dunno. I guess I jes' got lucky with them. Must be a fate sorta thing, if ya ask me,\" she answered. Butch nodded. \"I noticed you glancin' at me.\" Butch's heart jumped a bit by her comment. \"W-Whaddya-\" Blake smirked and said, \"You act like I remind you of someone.\" Butch felt his face flush a little. \"That true~?\" she finished. He wasn't sure if he should just admit it or try to cover it up. Finally, he said: \"Um… I-I thought you did.\" \"Who?\" \"Someone I… Used to love…\" Now Blake wanted to know more about this. \"'Used to'?\" Butch nodded. \"Yeah...\" An akward silence. \"Well we actually did enlope... But that didn' last too long...\" Blake asked, \"What happened?\" Butch tried to recollect his memory; he shrugged. \"I'm not sure... She got taken away fro' me, but she died sometime later...\" Blake actually felt a bit sorry for him when he said that. \"Wow. I'm so sorry...,\" she said. He shrugged and replied, \"It's alright, kid. Really cain't do nothin' 'bout it now.\" ~They can't tell me who to be 'Cause I'm not what they see Yeah, the world is still sleepin' While I keep on dreaming for me And their words are just whispers And lies that I'll never believe~ After their little talk, Blake began to feel tired. She told him she was about ready to go to sleep. Blake took her hat off as usual for Japhet to nest in. Just as she had even allowed her albino eagle in the hat, she felt a pair of lips on her cheek. Right there her heart felt like it had stopped. Her skin flushed. She turned to the only person who could have done that as he muttered, \"Night, Angela…\" and turned his back to her and lay down. Blake watched him, looked back into the fire, and… smiled. A real smile. She placed her hand on the spot where he had kissed her and eventually went to sleep herself. Meanwhile, Butch remained awake long enough to facepalm himself as hard as he could. He muttered a long line of curse words under his breath and kicked himself for what he had just did. 'Why... in the FUCK did I call her 'Angela'?! Why did I do that?' he thought to himself. ~And I want a moment to be real Wanna touch things I don't feel Wanna hold on and feel I belong And how can they say I never change? They're the ones that stay the same I'm the one now 'cause I'm still here~ Butch clicked back to the present and remembered that Blake was still asleep on him. He looked down at her and stroked her hair. If he thought about actually giving Blake a chance at life, he would do it. Now his mind was settled: \"Yer my lil' girl now,\" he said to her in a quiet voice. \"Ya shouldna been brought up like tha'. I know it wasn't yer fault,\" he continued. He rested his chin on her head and relaxed. He looked out where the train door was opened and soon fell asleep. Deep in his mind, he wondered if she would ever get revenge on her uncle for brainwashing her. He hoped she would. She deserves it. Sitting across from them in the shadows, Lamia couldn't help but grin at the two. Lamia said to himself, \"You always wanted someone to have your back. Now's your chance. Don't think to hesitate, Blakely.\" He looked out the door and watched the desert scenery zip by them. Lamia refused to break the silence between them. He knew they needed it. ~I'm the one 'cause I'm still here I'm still here, I'm still here, I'm still here~ ((Author's note: Hi guys! Welp. I guess you all figured out what got me to write this chapter XD Anyhoo: I finally figured out what my update schedule will be like. Depending on how many fics I got, I'll be updating at least once a month. Most of the other times, it will be for any grammar editings I never caught when I wrote it. So there's an update from me and my life! Stay tuned for more! ^^))[Chapter 21] Through the cracks of the train car, the sun of the rising dawn speckled on the sleeping father-daughter duo. Butch rested his head on top of Blake's as hers rested on his chest. Butch was quietly snoring; and that somehow never disturbed Blake one bit throughout the trip. She was the first to wake up, though she felt groggy. She hasn't slept like that in ages. Her eyes shot up to Butch as she saw that he was still asleep. Blake smiled; she couldn't help but think how dorky he looked asleep from her angle. She then thought about Scuzz and how he was like that. She quietly chuckled and said quietly, \"Dorks...\" The train's whistle blew, startling... Well, everyone, awake (evident from the jump scare screaming from the train cars). Butch shot his head up and hit it on the wall. He cursed to himself. Blake smirked. \"Mornin',\" she said. He looked down to find Blake still leaning on him. He rubbed his head and muttered, \"Ugh, righ'. Mornin'...\" Blake jumped up and let Butch up. Butch looked out the door and saw that it was right at dawn. The two left the car and, in the other car, they found her gang (mainly Scuzz and Walliwitz) still recovering from their heart attacks. Blake gently kicked Scuzz in the thigh and said jokingly, \"Come on, it ain't all that bad, ya offish.\" Butch smirked and ruffled Blake's hair before he had to go back to his gang and try to wake them up. Blake turned to him and smirked back before he left. Scuzz lifted himself halfway up and saw Butch and Blake exchange smirks. He looked at his boss and said, \"Wh-what was th-that all b-b-bout?\" She looked at him in the eye and said, \"Mind yer own damn business...\" As the rest of the gang slowly started to fully wake up, Freighter looked out the car door and announced, \"Heads up, y'all. I think we're 'bout to stop!\" Walliwitz came up to the door, then Jake, then eventually Blake and saw what he was talking about. A railroad construction site. \"What in the hell...?\" Blake muttered to herself. ... ... ... Sid put the train to a full halt behind another train. He then told Marty to let the gangs know they can come out. Marty obeyed without hesitation. Both gangs looked out to the construction. None of them (except Butch possibly) knew where they were or what direction they were building the railroad. \"What's all this mess?\" Edgar asked out loud. \"Whaddya think it looks like?\" All heads turned to Butch. \"'s a railroad these sorry bastards 're workin' on. Got that from Cole himself,\" he further explained. \"What does-a Cole think he's-a doing?\" asked Edgar. Butch didn't respond for sometime before eventually shrugging and responding with, \"I ain't the one in control of the damn system. Better ask him himself if I were you.\" Freighter leaned down to Blake's ear and whispered, \"I dunno 'bout you, but somethin' ain't right about this whole situation.\" She replied quietly, \"Ya might wanna keep that to yerself if I were you.\" Either Freighter was hearing things, or Blake had just now sounded alot like Butch when she said that simple phrase. A voice called out. \"My good fellows!\" Everyone turned and saw a middle-aged man dressed in a very dark grey, almost black, suit and bowler hat. His beard was short and dark. He gave them a smile and asked them to come in. Butch told his gang that Blake's should go in instead. He followed her gang in. Once the gang were inside, they heard the voice again, \"I'm amazed that every one of you never said a word about our westward expansion.\" Freighter noticed that the man was making tea; or at least that's what he was assuming. \"Though that wouldn't surprise me much either,\" he said lastly. Blake crossed her arms and asked, \"Who exactly are you?\" \"Blake that would be Latham Cole.\" Blake turned to Butch, who had an annoyed look. She then turned back to Cole and gave a sheepish smirk. \"Oh, uh… My apologies, Mr. Cole,\" she said. Cole smiled and replied, \"Oh please, Ms. Blake. Just call me ' Cole '.\" Blake tipped her hat to him. \"Very well then, Cole,\" she said. Cole looked upon her men. \"I'm assuming you want to tell me the name of your gentlemen?\" he asked. It took Blake a while to process what he just said before letting her gang greet Cole. \"A pleasure to meet you all!\" Cole chirped. To Butch, something about the way he said it made him fell a little uneasy. Then Cole asked, \"Now who's your friend all the way in the back?\" They immediately became confused. Blake and the guys looked behind them but didn't see anyone. She turned back to Cole and said, \"Uhm... Who were you talkin' to?\" \"I believe he was talking to me~.\" Blake and the gang nearly jumped out of their skin from that voice and yelped a bit. Blake quickly turned around and saw Lamia standing right behind her with a smirk. \"What the he- Lamia!? What the hell?!\" she exclaimed. He kept the smirk and said, \"Just letting all the crazy people know that I am for real~.\" Cole said aloud, \"Your name's Lamia, I heard?\" Lamia nodded and replied, \"Correct.\" Jake leaned down to his boss and said, \"Never even noticed th' guy. Where th' bloody hell did 'e come from?\" Blake shook he head. \"Long story, Jake...\" she replied. \"Mr. Lamia, how did you and Blake know each other; or her... gang for that matter?\" Cole asked. Lamia grinned and said, \"Interesting story if you ask. You see, Blakely here brought me up from the spirit world and- D'OH! GODDAMMIT! \" Blake kicked Lamia hard in the shin before he said anything else. As he cursed through his teeth, Cole gazed upon Blake, who grinned like she was covering something up like a child would. \"Aaah, ignore 'im. He's kinda... Kinda not right in th' head ya know. Eh hehehe...\" she explained. Cole seemed like he bought it and said, \"I see.\" Blake let Butch and her gang chat with Cole while she gave Lamia a good talk. \"What the hell?! Do you really wanna blow it to...\" she glanced back to the group. \"...To a bunch o' mundanes?!\" she finished. The spirit man glanced up to her and smirked again, saying, \"I like the little surprises in life~.\" Blake grabbed his collar and hissed though her teeth, \"Well yer gonna get a damn lil' surprise in yer life if you mention anything about that one more goddamn time! Got it ?!\" \"As you wish...\" he murmurred. She sighed heavily. \"Good...\" she let him go and returned to the group. Cole told her gang to go back outside and wait with Butch's gang for a while. He then turned to Blake \"Ms. Blakely, I heard from Butch that you seem to know easily how to keep your men in line. That true?\" he asked. Blake thought about her answer and shrugged. \"Sometimes with a good enough force I can le 'em know they'll be beat to a bloody pulp if they don't cooperate,\" she answered. \"Why d'ya ask?\" \"I got some unfinished business I gotta take care of-\" \"And someone needs to keep these good men working while we're out.\" It hit her what they meant. \"Wait a minute- Are you askin' me to- t-to run a whole construction site?!\" she asked. Cole confirmed, \"That was exactly what we meant!\" She really didn't know what to think about this sudden load of responsibility. \"Think you can handle it?\" Cole asked. She didn't answer for a moment. \"Y-yeah... Yeah I guess so,\" was all she could reply with. Blake felt Cole's hand on her shoulder as he assured her, \"I know. At the ripe ol' age of sixteen, it's difficult. But I think you can do it just fine.\" Blake nodded slowly and said, \"Yeah, sure...\" Blake walked up to a window and stared out to the open. She was so focused on this offer, she never heard Cole ask Lamia to join him and the two gangs outside. She never heard the door close. Now she and Butch were left inside. \"Somethin' buggin' ya, kiddo?\" Butch asked. Blake remained silent for a moment. \"I... I dunno... There's jes' somethin' not righ' with this,\" she said. \"Jes' somethin' about Cole don't feel right.\" \"...You paranoid 'bout somethin'?\" Butch asked. Blake nodded. \"Somethin' like that,\" she replied. Butch sighed and told her, \"...To be honest with ya, kid, I don't like this situation either.\" Blake turned to him. \"An' I was hopin' I could tell him ta let chu come wit' us,\" he said. Blake raised an eyebrow. \"Really?\" she wondered. Butch gave a small grin and muttered, \"Yeah...\" \"Somethin' botherin' you ?\" Blake asked mocking his tone when he asked her that first. Butch's face became fierce. \"...Lemme tell ya straight forward: I never did like Cole. The damn bastard's always up ta no good. He thinks he can run this damn town.\" \"Heh. Kinda rash.\" \"Well he don't know jack...\" The car was quickly filled with silence. Then a question came up to Blake to break the silence. \"Whadidya mean by 'unfinished business'?\" He tilted his head a bit. \"You said a lil' while ago that you needed to take care o' some unfinished business. What did you mean by that?\" Butch understood what she meant and replied, \"...Jes' somethin' that happened before your time. Really don' feel like explainin' it.\" Another awkward silence. \"Why are we even workin' with Cole?\" Blake wondered out loud. Butch slowly smirked and said, \"Maybe the same reason-\" Blake noticed his arm was raised. \"-Yer such a lil' squirt !\" and he took a hold of her around the neck and round her neck and brought her close to him. Blake squealed a little as he took her by the neck gently, even playfully. He then proceeded to give her a noogie and chuckled. In return, Blake giggled. As the two wrestled, Lamia stood outside watching through the window. He couldn't help but smile at the two. \"You always said someone out there is willing to take you in as their own...,\" he said to himself, \"You just didn't look hard enough.\" Just as he was admiring the scene, he heard a large commotion coming from the construction workers. He turned around and saw a group of Chinese men and Union Cavalry heading right towards the train. Lamia raised an eyebrow and sighed. \"Great…\" he muttered. He came up to the door and interrupted their little mock boxing match. \"I-I hate to interrupt your little bonding time but, um…. We've got a problem,\" and with that he returned outside. Blake and Butch stared at the door and then to each other. Butch smirked. \"Day one, boss-lady~,\" he said. Blake slowly answered with a grin as she took her trench coat off and placed it on a chair. She cocked her hat just right and adjusted her gun holster and headed for the door, gun in hand. Butch followed suit. The two stepped outside and saw Lamia negotiating with the mob of workers and trying to keep them in line. One of them tried to punch Lamia but he was far too quick for the union worker. As Blake watched the scene, she took a deep breath. In no time at all, she stepped down from the train and shot her gun to the sky. She exclaimed, \"What th' hell is goin' on?!\" as she walked to the mob. Putting her gun back in its holster, one of the workers demanded, \"We wanna talk to th' head o' this operation!\" Blake gave him a serious look and said, \"I am- The head of this operation!\" The man looked at her like she was crazy, but went with her word. He explained, \"W-Well. We ain't wantin' go no further than tha'-\" he pointed to an empty field; she assumed he thought it was an Indian burial ground \"-than that! Tis cursed from wha' I heard.\" At first she believed what he said and bought it; but this is something she wasn't going to let slip by. And so, with her dark smirk, she flipped her hair and approached to the man. She motioned with her finger saying, \"C'mere. I wanna tell ya somethin'~.\" The man hesitated but came to her. The two were only a half arm's length apart from each other. Blake told the man, \"Ya know somethin'? I like the fact that yer so courageous- Intelligent even.\" Something about Blake's tone made the man feel both uncomfortable and scared. \"It intrigues me tha' someone like you could exist. An' I don' mind that at all~. But for this-\" The man felt a huge shot of pain flow through his chest. Blake had stabbed him with her own hand and had gone though the other side. Of course, Lamia was able to channel his energy to her and allow her to do so. The man went limp and Blake supported him. She hissed through her teeth, \"I ain't gonna take no bullshit from you. I ain't gon take it from no one!\" She brought her hand back in to where she could feel his pulsing heart. She smiled darkly. \"I suppose ye don' want this anymore, now do ya~?\" The man didn't respond. Blake squinted her eyes as Lamia took the man's head in his hands, his pupils fully black. The man tried to cry for mercy, but was too scared to do it. \"Ya didn't answer my question- DO YOU WANT IT?! \" she yelled. He still didn't respond. Of course he didn't have to; Blake already knew what he would say. \"Don' try that sorta bullshit with me!\" \"H-H-H-How d-d-did-\" \"I know what yer thinkin'. And I know what yer gonna say~. So don' try me, ya filthy bastard…!\" Lamia's eyes went completely black as he hissed out loud. Blake quickly pulled the man's heart out, and with her pulling force, Lamia pushed the man's head back and, with superhuman strength, was able to decapitate his head. The two stepped back and let the rest of the body collapse. The mob stared in horror as blood gushed and pooled to their feet. Still gripping the heart, Blake held it up and gazed upon the frightened men. Her words were innocent: \"Anyone else?\" They could only respond with screams of terror and running away back to work. In their victory, Balke grinned like nothing happened and said, \"And that- my dear Lamia- is how you properly assert authority!\" Lamia smiled back as well juggling the head. \"You flatter me, madame~.\" Blake chuckled. \"Oh stop it!\" The two turned around while laughing to themselves and saw the looks of fear on the gangs' faces (yes. Even Butch had one). Blake looked at them confusingly and blinked rapidly a couple of times. \"What?\" she asked. Butch was so fazed by what just happened that all he could say was: \"..Y-Ya got a lil' somethin'... Righ' here.\" and pointed to where his scar was. Blake put the heart in her other hand and wiped her mouth with her bloodied hand right where Butch was pointing at. But that only made the blood smear on her lips. \"Did I get it?\" she asked. None of them answered. \"Y-Yeah. You got it, Blakey,\" Frank replied. Blake smirked again and turned back around discussing with Lamia. \"So, what 'r' we gonna….\" As the two discussed what to do with the rest of the body, Frank leaned in and whispered in Butch's ear, \"An' I thought you were gross an' scary.\" … … … Dr. Ambrose Davison was minding his own business as he hummed a tune and made tea. The tune, though, was something he would not normally sing. It was an old pirate shantey. \" Running down to Cuba with a load of sugar, Weigh, me boys, to Cuba! Make her run you, lime juice squeezes, Running down to Cuba! Weigh, me boys, to Cuba! Running down to Cuba! \" As he was singing the shantey, Blake opened the door and Lamia dragged the body in the train. \" O, I got a sister, she's nine feet tall, Weigh, me boys, to Cuba! Sleeps in the kitchen with her- \" \"Oh I apologize, I never heard you come in!\" He turned around and got a surprise of his life. \"I was making- Oh for God's sake! What on earth happened to you two?!\" Blake shrugged and said, \"We kinda had ta take care of some business wit' th' union guys.\" Davison shook his head and said, \"Alright, well, whatever. Just don't get the heart and-\" He stopped mid-sentence. He saw the heart and head in Blake and Lamia's hands. \"Is that a head and a heart?!\" Blake glanced down at the heart in her hand as Lamia did the same to the head. Seconds later, the two slowly hid the said things behind their backs and like children fibbed, \"No.\" Davison judgmentally stared at them before saying, \"Whatever. Just don't get the carpet dirty.\" Blake rolled her eyes. Outside, Latham explained to Butch and the gangs about the set-up for the arrest and the murder of the Rangers. \"Those Rangers aren't needed in an era like this. They need to be eliminated.\" Butch tipped his hat. \"Tha' shouln' be no pro'lem,\" he assured. He turned to the gangs and exclaimed, \"Looks like we got ourselves a good killin' spree on our hands, boys!\" The gangs cheered as they mounted on their horses. As Butch mounted on his horse, he looked back to the train, thinking on how Blake would be if they were gone for such a long time. He was so lost in thought until: \"Butch! Ya comin'?\" He snapped out of it and gazed upon the gangs and Cole. He nodded and said, \"Yeah. Let's move!\" And so, they all headed out to Colby. … … ... The next day came. Blake and Lamia stared into each others eyes in boredom. Due to this, Blake drew her gun and began shooting the wall. Lamia turned and saw how accurate her sharp shooting skills were as she was shooting. Not much later, Davison ran in the train car and covered his ears from how loud the noise was. Blake stopped shooting. \"What the- HELL are you doing?!\" \"Bored…,\" said the two in unison. Davison's face was contorted with confusion. \"What?!\" he asked. \"Bored!\" The duo said again. Blake stood up from her chair and started shooting again. \" Bored! \" she yelled once more. Blake's gun ran out of ammunition and Davison took the gun away from her. \"Felt like doin' some target practice so I thought 'Hell. Why not?'\" Blake stated. \"And so you take it out on the wall?\" Davison asked. Blake picked on the wallpaper that had been taken off from the impact. \"Eh. The wall had it coming...,\" Davison just shook his head and went to the table which had the body from yesterday still fresh. He just stared at it and muttered, \"Well, I'm hungry. I'll just find myself something to ea- Oh for-!\" he closed the cabinet door immediately once he saw the severed head. He hesitated to open it again and stare at the head. He closed it once more and muttered, \"A head... A severed head!\" \"I'll take tea, thank you very much,\" Blake announced. \"No there's a severed head in the cabinet!\" Davison argued. \"At least you didn't find the heart in th' jar in the next cabinet over,\" she replied. \"A bloody head!\" Davison stated. \"Well where else were we supposed to put them? You don't mind, do you?\" Lamia spoke. \"You know I honestly believe there is something going on in your messed up brains of yours, you two!\" Davison stated. Lamia and Blake glanced at each other and smirked. Blake looked back at Davison with her smirk. \"I can't keep up with your- Wh-what the-?!\" he stopped mid-sentence as his glasses levitatied from his face. \"I'm amazed how quiet it is without m' rowdy gang. Cuzz now I can do things like this~!\" Blake chirped. Davison didn't hear what she said as he was trying to get his glasses back. \"Telepathy, doctor! It's no use to do that,\" Lamia added. \" WILL YOU JUST PUT THEM DOWN?! \" Davison ordered. Lamia glanced at her. \"Doctor's orders,\" he joked. Blake rolled her eyes and dropped them in his hands. Davison put his glasses back on and cautioned, \"Do it again, I'll kick you out of this train...\" The two chuckled. ... ... ... \"...Law and order has come to the Wild West!\" announced Cole for his plans to 'bring justice and peace'. He tipped his hat to Rebecca and Danny who were right behind Red Herrington. Red looked over her shoulder and saw who he was tipping his hat to. After assuring the Comanche that their treaty wouldn't be violated, he then announced: \"And rest assured- that notorious outlaw and Indian killer Butch Cavendish-\" an assistant pulled out his wanted poster and showed it to the crowd, \"-will hang for his crimes!\" The crowd gave applause again, but soon a bystander shouted, \"What about tha' Night Demon girl?!\" Another shouted, \"She needs to hang too!\" Cole put up his hand up to quiet the crowd and he proclaimed, \"Her too!\" Another assistant pulled out her wanted poster next to Butch's. \"The girl is just as dangerous and notorious as Cavendish. After the last incident of her escape, she will know it's useless to run again. Once she is found guilty of her crimes, she will hang with him as well!\" This got the crowd cheering. A photographer took a photo of the moment. ... ... ... John Reid, a man who just arrived to Texas not too long ago from the city, sat with a large group of Presbyterians. He didn't originally plan on that happening but he was able to deal with it. He's seen people like them before in Chicago. He was fresh out of law school and wanted to come home to Colby, Texas. He looked out the window and saw the herd of buffalo that was parting away from the train. His train of thought was broken when he heard the preacher began proclaiming a Bible verse. He went back to his book and flipped through the pages, stopping at a photo of his sister-in-law Rebecca. He took the photo in his hand and smiled. He never paid attention to the both the preacher and it's congregation and the girl dropping her doll by his feet. He looked down and saw the doll. He picked it up and noticed that the girl was pointing to it, wanting it back. He grinned and said, \"Catch!\" He tossed it to her; but he completely forgot that the woman had opened the window next to her earlier and the doll went right out the window. His face went straight to shock and the girl began to cry. He tried to calm her down but that didn't do anything. The girl's mother got her to be quiet before glancing at John. The look made him feel uncomfortable and he returned to his book. The other woman asked, \"Care to join us? We're Presbyterian.\" John shook his head from the offer. \"Much appreciated. But this here's my Bible,\" he said holding up a book on law. ... ... ... Once the train was in full view, Barrett took out his pocket watch and announced, \"Well. Just about on time.\" Freighter was able to time their approach to the train and get Butch out of there. The gangs split up; half of Butch's and Blake's gang went on one side while the other half went to the other. Barrett, Jake, and Freighter climbed on the roof of a car and snuck up on an inspector. Inside, John thought he heard footsteps coming from above. He looked out the window and saw the three silhouettes on the roof. In the prison car, an Indian prisoner by the name of Tonto was fiddling with a broken pocket watch. As he was flipping it, Butch started to pick on a nail on the floorboard. Tonto noticed this from the corner of his eye. While Butch was removing the nail, Tonto began to softly chant to himself, but he then tried to get the wardens' attention by motioning his head to Butch. His chant/warning gradually became louder before Butch turned to him and shushed him. He stared at him before slowly hiding his gun in his trench coat and calling out for a bathroom break. The warden rolled his eyes and let him out; he however took a hold of Butch making sure he didn't do anything bad. Tonto tried to get his attention and warn him about Butch's concealed gun. The warden thought that something was falling from the ceiling and looked up. He then noticed Tonto throwing pieces of wood at him and the hand sign for 'gun'. Before he could act, Butch quickly drew the gun and shot and killed the warden, then he turned to the warden's partner and shot him multiple times. Butch turned to Tonto and slowly approached him. Tonto still had his hand looking like a gun before he 'fed' the dead crow on his head. Meanwhile, a concerned John got up from his seat and followed the sound of the footsteps despite the Presbyterian group singing. Back on the roof, Barrett and Freighter strangled the inspector to death as Jake went ahead to the engine and shot the conductors. John followed the trio to the car which held Butch and another person. He tried to open the door, but it was jammed. The peep-door, however, was ajar and he could see the dead bodies of the wardens. Butch had his gun pointed to the Indian prisoner as the Native 'fed' the bird seeds. \"Twelve hours you been feedin' that damn bird!\" he hissed. \"Gets a man on his last nerves...!\" The Indian simply said, \"I do not fear what comes next.\" Butch replied, \"Nothing... Comes next.\" ... ... ... Later that night, Blake asked if any of the workers knew where there was a watering hole or creek she could bathe in. An oriental man told her of a creek not too far from the construction. She thanked him for the advice and went in the direction of the creek. Once she found it, she tossed her towel on a nearby rock along with her hat, trench coat, vest and shirt. She slipped her boots off and dipped her toes in the cool water. She looked at herself in the water's reflection. She noted the old burn marks on her shoulder from the cattle rod. She rubbed her neck where the chain and collar had cut her. She thought that the tattoos would be able to hide most of the scars that covered quite a bit of her back and the side of her torso. There wasn't anything she could have done about the ones on her wrist except just let them heal on their own. Blake stared into the water and looked at her reflection again. She asked aloud, \"Wha' did I do to deserve this?\" A droplet of water emerged from the water hole; she stared into the droplet and questioned her past. It wasn't right that those people she was supposed to call family treated her as their own slave. But it also wasn't right that she would kill them off… so why would she do that? She cursed at Joe under her breath for this with hot tears of anger in her eyes. She slipped into the cold water and went into a trance. She didn't give a damn about the world around her, she let her telekinetic abilities overpower her, and next thing she knew, her world went black. She heard nothing. ... ... ... ... ... ... ... \"Blakely?\" She snapped out of her trance and emerged from the water. \" WHAT?! \" she yelled back. Davison came all the way from the train to see if she was okay; he hasn't see her for the past few hours and he thought she was taken away by Natives. \"Oh! I'm sorry. I was just wondering where you went. Good to see your alright...!\" he said. She glared at him as he walked away. She got out of the water, feeling refreshed and clean, wrapped her towel and snuck back to the train. ... ... ... Collins found leftover wood from a fire. He noted that it was fresh and told the Rangers they were getting close to the Cavendish gang. Dan ordered them to move out. Behind him was his little brother John who noticed horse tracks going in the direction Collins pointed out. The brothers knew that Butch had to be stopped before he commits any more crime. But for some reason, after what his brother told him about his ' spirit horse ', John knew something was not going to go well once they find and arrest Butch Cavendish. Little did they know, Butch and the gang had planned out an ambush… with a little revenge. … … … The next morning felt like hell for Blake. She never felt so drowsy in her life. She turned to the other side and opened her eyes; her morning was greeted with a pair of blue-green eyes three inches from her face. Outside the train, the men thought that someone saw both a ghost and a brutal murder. Lamia scared her so much, she stuttered her response. \"Lami-Wha-The fu- Jesus- WHAT THE HELL WAS THAT FOR?! \" Lamia grinned and chuckled, saying, \"I just love a good scare for you sleeping humans~!\" She kept hyperventilating before asking him an important question: \"How long have you been standing there?!\" He got up and smirked and replied, \"Long enough to hear you talk in your sleep~.\" She gave out a sigh of relief and muttered, \"'Kay good. I-\" She stopped mid-sentence. \"Wait. What did you just say?\" He turned to her. \"I said ' long enough to hear you talk in your sleep '.\" She gave him a scared look. \"What the hell are ya talkin' 'bout?! I've never talked in my sleep. You better be bluffin' me, ya limey,\" she demanded. He shook his head and said, \"Oh, Blakely~. How much fun it was for me to hear you utter your lover Frank's name~.\" Not too soon, Lamia bolted out the door with an obviously pissed off and embarrassed Blake hot on his trail with a rifle. She just threw threats and cursed a blue streak; Lamia laughed out loud. … … … The Rangers came to a stop by a canyon. They all stared into it, thinking about where and how to find Butch. Dan chatted with his fellow Rangers and finally got to Collins and asked him to go and check it out. Once he left, Dan called his brother forward and silently gave him a gun. John turned the offer down muttering, \"I don't believe in them.\" Dan judgmentally looked at his lawyer of a brother saying, \"Butch Cavendish and Blake don't care one way or another….\" Few seconds later Collins whistled an okay to go in. The Rangers followed Collins in the canyon. The Rangers examined the terrain and saw that no one was there... Not even Collins, with the exception of a couple crows- and an albino golden eagle. A Ranger asked aloud, \"Where's Collins?\" There was silence among the posse. A gun went off and a Ranger fell off his horse. \" Ambush! \" Dan exclaimed. They looked around but they couldn't see the outlaws. \"I don't see 'em!\" a Ranger yelled. Dan ordered them all to run. Another Ranger was shot off his horse and died on the spot. A Ranger fell off his horse and got himself armed; he hid behind a rock and shot at where he thought the outlaws were. Not too long, he himself was shot and killed. Another Ranger died by gunshot, leaving only Dan and John alive. John's horse was shot and it collapsed on top of him. He struggled to get it off him, and when he did, he struggled again to even get up. Dan turned around and saw his little brother on the ground. He turned his horse around and was about to help him off his feet but he too was shot. \"No!\" screamed John. He crawled to Dan and helped him up- but Dan told him something that he didn't expect his older brother to say: \"...She always did love you... Take care of 'em...\" John refused to believe this-or the fact that his big brother was on the verge of death- and got up and carried him. One more shot rang out and John felt his shoulder burst out in pain. He was fazed and he stumbled, dropped Dan and collapsed. Dan opened his eyes and saw Japhet on a dead tree branch. He could hear the eagle let out a screech; the next thing he saw was a gang heading in his direction. It was Butch's gang. Butch and the gang stopped their horses and Butch got off and approached Dan. Japhet perched on Butch's shoulder when he stopped at Dan's feet. \"You look good~,\" Butch said. Dan glared at him and muttered, \"Heard them boys in prison took a real shine to you...\" and coughed up blood. Butch smirked at him. \"Been better~!\" he replied. He knelt down in front of Dan, Japhet adjusting his position. Butch looked around and back to Dan and said, \"I heard what ya took from me in tha' sweat box...\" he pulled out his knife and used the tip of it to lift the brim of his hat out of his eyes. \"You take somethin' from me... You be damn sure as hell -\" he pulled apart Dan's coat and placed his knife right where his heart was, \"-I take somethin' from you!\" and he stabbed Dan, cut his heart out and ate it; Japhet screeched. … … … Blake decided to spend the rest of her day outside the train; after she had to tie up Lamia and put him in a corner in the train car. Besides being out on such a nice day, she felt like she needed a haircut; her hair was getting past the nape of her neck and that was beginning to annoy her. An Oriental woman Cole had hired to be a maid cut her hair. She kept commenting on how beautiful her hair was. Blake smiled a bit and muttered, \"Thank ya...\" After her haircut, one of the construction workers, an Oriental as well, was on break and after gathering his fears of her, offered to teach her Chinese. Bored out of her mind, she agreed to take the lesson. As the two were exchanging Chinese and English, Joe spied on her from his office. His office, however, was not really an office, but a sort of Satanic shrine along with some black magic ritual objects. He glared at her and was irked at how she was too careless about her surroundings. The little sunlight that he allowed in was enough to reveal a white tabernacle covered in blood and Satanic books. A voice was heard in the shadows: \"You have better be right about this child.\" Joe nodded and replied, \"She'll be a fine specimen for your needs, Seth...\" A pair of glowing emerald green eyes appeared from the darkness. \"You have said that for the past fourteen years, Jose. And yet- nothing has happened.\" Joe turned around and faced him and assured, \"I am positive she is the final descendant of those Thuuman people. I do not remember anyone else after her.\" Seth's eyes glared at him and he said, \"Do not... Make me feel like a fool.\" And his eyes vanished into the darkness. Joe shook his head. Later that night, Blake was reading one of the books Cole had in his office. For her, she thought it was odd for him to keep some books on black magic and voodoory, but she didn't think about it again. As she was reading— and keeping an eye on Lamia; he was still tied up in the corner and was not moving — she heard the door open and Davison came in with some food. \"Never thought chu get outta this crazy train, didn't ya?\" Davison shook his head with a grin and replied, \"On occasion I do.\" He placed the food on the table after seeing Lamia tied up in that one corner. \"What did he do this time?\" he asked. Blake replied sarcastically, \"Just tried to say he wold take over the world startin' here-\" \"I did not! I just simply told you-\" Blake threw a pillow at his face by the use of her telepathy. \"I forgot you can do that...\" he muttered. She smirked. While Davison cooked dinner, he asked Blake what her relationship was with Butch and his gang and she said, \"Me an my guys merged with his gang. He's also been kinda like a father-figure to me, ya know.\" He nodded. Davison spoke again saying, \"Now I didn't get to meet any of your men. What were their names?\" She began listing them (and threw a little insult at them): \"Well you got the greedy ol' Edgar; lazy ass Scuzz-\" her face turned a small tint of pink \"-our black man Freighter; the Hunchback o' Notre Dame of Walliwitz; and the bed faggot Jake-\" Davison snapped his head to her with raised eyebrows and a surprised look on his face. He said, \"By Jake, do you mean Jacob Herrington?!\" Blake raised an eyebrow in confusion and replied, \"Yeah, wha' about 'im?\" Davison continued, \"...It's been a very long time since I last saw him. He was one of my patients back in the New England.\" Blake sat up straight on the sofa, book in hand. \"He had quite the personality, I must say,\" he said with a chuckle. \"So-wait-\" Blake interuppted, \"How did you first know 'bout Jake? He never mentioned anythin' to me 'bout bein' sick or soemthing like that...!\" Davison stopped cooking for a moment and hesitated on answering. He finally said, \"Well... It's a long story, Miss Thuuman.\" Blake nodded and took a sip of her tea. Davison continued, \"His health got to the point where his sister Red thought that he would forget about her-\" Blake spat out her tea. She then looked at him, shocked. \"Whoa! Red?! As in Red Herrington?!\" The doctor nodded. \"He never told any of us he had a sister- or any family for that matter o' fact.\" Davison returned to his cooking and replied, \"Jacob is a very personal man. Always to himself...\" Blake didn't know how to respond to this. ... ... ... John Reid snapped his eyes open and gasped. He slowly sat up straight and felt the soreness all through his bacok. He rubbed the back of his head and felt smething that probably shouldn't be there: horse poop. He disgustedly wiped it off and stood up and tried to figure out where he was. He only took a few steps forward before he saw that he was on a platform right above a canyon. He stood there and looked around to see how on earth he even got there and found a ladder down the platform. He made it down the platform and stumbled upon a camp — but all that was there was some bullet torn clothing, a pan with some of the Rangers' badges, a canteen, and a fire. John went straight to the canteen and drank whatever water was left in there. He felt relieved by the refreshing cold water. John thought he heard someone talking not too far away from him and turned to see an Indian — a Comanche he assumed — talking to a white horse. The Indian seemed distracted so John found a gun and slowly and quietly approached the Indian. He pulled back the safety and was prepared to shoot; but the Indian heard the gun. \"If you are going to sneak up on an Indian, best do it down wind,\" said the Indian. John lowered the gun and asked, \"Why are you talking to that horse?\" The Comanche replied, \"There was a time when Man could speak to animals as my grandfather once said. They still do.\" John asked again, \"Why am I covered in dirt?\" \"Because I buried you...\" \"...Then why am I alive?\" \"Horse says you are a 'Spirit Walker'. One who has traveled to the other side and back. But I cannot tell if horse is stupid- or pretending to be stupid... Nature... seems very out of balance.\" The Comanche approached John and John responded by raising his gun to the Indian. \"Horse definitely stupid...\" he walked past John; he saw that the Indian was wearing his own boots. \"Are those my boots?!\" he asked. ... ... ... Blake walked past the other train cars and noticed that one of them was pure black. She found it weird that she never even noticed this particular car; however, Davison did mention that she shouldn't check out the black car— that must have went in one ear and out the other. She decided to check out what was so different about this car. 'I mean it's just a car. What's the big deal about it?' she thought. Blake got to the door but it was tightly locked. The sliding door, however, wasn't. Using her knife, she slid it between the thin space and pryed it open. She looked in and couldn't see anything until she heard a voice mumble a Latin prayer that sounded Satanic. She slid the little door open some more and dropped her knife in shock— her uncle Joe was sitting right there, performing his own necromancy ritual. Now she understood why the doctor didn't want her to go near this car. Blake kept listening to what her uncle was doing in this ritual of his. She could feel a presence behind her. \"What are you doing?\" \"Found my uncle doin' some sorta ritual thing in here.\" \"I see.\" Blake stood up straight, turned around and saw Lamia standing right behind her. She gave him a confused look. \"How the hell did you get out?!\" she asked. Lamia replied in a sarcastic tone, \"Hello? Does ' spirit ' ring a bell to you?\" \"Ooh right...\" she muttered slumping her shoulders. She heard another voice— NOT Joe— speak up and say, \"Your invocation amuses me-\" Blake returned to the door and looked in again to see who that was. Lamia eavesdropped as well, feeling that he knew the sound of the voice. \"-But it's not enough to consider your level of ignorance is at an all time low.\" The voice sounded British as far as they could tell. They couldn't see where the voice was coming from, though. A figure then suddenly emerged from behind Joe. From what they could make out, the figure had cheekbones, black hair going down to his shoulders and emerald green eyes. His clothing was all black with the exception of some silver lining. His trench coat was black with silver. Lamia kept thinking he knew the demon spirit from somewhere. The two kept eavesdropping on the conversation, watching the demon circle Joe. \"Ignorance is nothing that should be a part of this matter, Seth. That quality is to be forgotten and out of sight.\" Lamia caught his breath when Joe said the name of the demon. \"What?\" Blake asked quietly noting his surprise. \"I know the demon...\" he quickly replied. They returned to their eavesdropping. \"Don't be so hasty, Seth. Patience is all-\" \"You call me hasty ?!\" Seth interrupted— his eyes and aura quickly becoming a blood red. \"And is this - What you call PATIENT ?! \" he threw a Satanic cross at the door and pieces of it nearly hit Blake and Lamia. The two recoiled. \"I want the girl's blood BY TOMORROW NIGHT !\" Lamia and Blake exchanged glances to each other. \"I assure you Blake's death will be quick and painless.\" Joe said. Seth hissed through his teeth, \"You better not fool me and not give me the blood of a gandraíocht.\" \"...As you wish, my lord…\" and Joe stood up and left. Lamia stepped back and took a good look at Blake. She stood there; blank was her expression. She finally figured out her fate finally: death by sacrifice. Blake turned to Lamia slowly and didn't say a word for a few moments. She finally asked, \"What're we gonna do…?\" Lamia shook his head and replied softly, \"I honestly don't know, Blakely…\" She turned back to the peep-door; she saw those emerald green eyes staring at her through the door. Blake gasped, went straight through Lamia, and retreated back into the next car. … … … John and Tonto arrived to the ruins of Rebecca and Dan's ranch. John looked around in horror and he thought about the Comanche raiding settlements as Red had mentioned to them last night. He examined all the destruction before finding a photo of him, his brother, and Rebecca. He hissed aloud, \"Those savages…\" Tonto, however, protested saying, \"This was not Comanche.\" John turned to him and said, \"How would you know?!\" Tonto was putting a feather on the dead black man's heart as a trade. \"Leave him alone… I said leave him!\" John approached him to take Tonto away from the man; however, Tonto swept him off his feet and pinned him to the ground, pulled out his knife, and said, \"Like coyote, a Comanche leaves nothing behind. Tell me, Kemosabe. What does the white man kill for?!\" John hesitated until they heard a woman scream from within the barn; they got up and investigated it. Inside, Frank held the maid hostage while putting various dresses over her. He tried to get her to be quiet even though she had a rag in her mouth. He smirked and commented, \"I love me some aquamarine…!\" He heard the barn door burst open. He turned around and saw John and Tonto right at the entrance; he accidentally let the maid escape. Tonto muttered to John, \"Definitely not an Indian!\" noting the mock Comanche outfit, the inaccurate war paint all over his face, and the bonnet. Frank was immediately startled as he closed the umbrella he had in his hands. He stuttered, \"It-It's not what it looks like! I-I jes' like 'em pretty things!\" John had his gun up and said, \"Danny and' Becca. Where are they?!\" Frank didn't answer. \"You don't tell us where they are, I'll let the Indian do what he wants to do!\" That got Frank's attention. \"Wha-what's he wanna do?\" Tonto slowly pulled out a duck foot. The maid screamed and later a gunshot went off. John and Tonto turned to the sounds while Frank ran out through a window. He got up as soon as Barrett came around the corner. \"What's goin' on?\" Barrett asked. Frank told him, \"There's a lone Ranger!\" \"The hell ya talkin' about?\" Jesus asked. Frank continued, \"He-He got some lunatic Indian wit' him! An' he gon' violate me wit' a duckfoot!\" Concerned, Barrett pulled out his gun and shot a lantern hanging outside. The oil and sparks ignited the hay and started a fire. John and Tonto stomped on a few little flames to put them out. John soon noticed an open window and the two approached it and hid from the outlaws. Tonto told John, \"You go! I'll cover you.\" John replied confused, \"Why don't I cover you?!\" Tonto pulled out a knife and said, \"You are a Spiritwalker! One- who cannot be killed in battle.\" John bought it and said, \"Alright. But we're taking them alive.\" He approached the window, held up his badge and exclaimed, \"Texas Ranger!\" Jesus, Frank, and Barrett looked at each other in bewilderment. \"Put your hands up right where I can see-\" and the outlaws started shooting at him. John recoiled and turned to Tonto. \"It's dark !\" he said through his teeth. Outside, Barrett ordered Frank to go around the back of the barn and shoot them if they came out. Once Frank left, Jesus remembered something and asked, \"Wait. What's with the mask?\" ... ... ... \"-Blakely you seemed a bit troubled. Something happened?\" Davison asked when he saw her on the couch thinking. She shrugged and said, \"Eh... I dunno. 've been kinda thinkin' 'bout some stuff fer awhile, ya know.\" Davison nodded and replied, \"I can fully understand that. What were you thinking about?\" She glanced at him and replied back, \"I guess jes'- Why I'm like this.\" \"Like what?\" \"Like... Like a pawn of some sort. A piece in a game. Like I'm jes' used.\" He shook his head and said, \"Now now, Blakely. You know better.\" He took a spot next to her on the couch and continued, \"There are things in life that are completely out of your control and there's just simply nothing you can do about them.\" She glanced at him. \"I'm sure that whatever happened in your history, it's nothing to stress over about. It will only hold you back. Just don't over-think it.\" Blake nodded a little and smiled a little too. She said to herself, \"I guess yer right.\" Davison smiled and patted her on the back and stood up. \"Now we need to get ourselves some supper. Why don't you go into the closest town you can get to and run to the butcher's?\" Blake looked up and said, \"Wait- But that was-\" ... ... ... \"-supposed to be a warning shot!?\" John said in a confused tone. Tonto took it back and said, \"In that case not so good...\" The two approached the dead outlaws and Tonto examined them. Frank was standing behind the barrels in shock. Suddenly, he saw John and Tonto stare into the fire from the barn as if they were in a trance. He then saw some figure—it wasn't a human for all he knew—appear among the fire. The figure looked like a mix of a spider and a scorpion—and it was as big as a horse. It was in a grey sports coat with the sleeves torn out, a tie, and a grey hat. It's eyes were like the sky. That was all he could see besides the large pincers. He thought he heard the thing say, \" The girl... She will die... \" And with that, Frank took off scared. ... ... ... The next day, Blake went outside and kept up her usual job of supervising the workers, going from Chinese and back to English seemed a bit too much for her. Once the day hit ten o'clock, she went back inside to cool off. She saw that Davison and Lamia were playing a chess game and went over to watch them. Davison thought he had Lamia caught when suddenly- \"Check mate!\" Lamia placed his rook right behind Davison's king. The doctor hung his head and pursed his lips. \"Good game though,\" Lamia commented. Davison looked up and grinned and shook Lamia's hand. \"Yes. Very well,\" he said. They then saw Blake standing by the table. \"Oh! Didn't see you there, Blakely!\" said Davison. Blake shrugged and said, \"Kinda needed to get away from those guys-\" she pointed outside with her thumb, \"-fer once.\" Davison agreed. He then offered Blake to play a game with him. She shrugged and said, \"Pro'ly wouldn't hurt ta play a game er two.\" She pulled up a chair and they sorted out their pieces. ... ... ... Butch approached Rebecca and Danny. Rebecca looked up to him and said, \"My husband will kill you for this.\" Butch smirked and said, \"That'll be a trick.\" He knelt down and pulled the scarf that was around her neck and continued, \"Last time I saw yer husband... He was drownin' in his own blood.\" Enraged, Rebecca slapped Butch across the face. In return, he pulled out his knife but he was interrupted. \"We got company, Butch!\" announced Ray. Freighter, Walliwitz, Markz and Collins were ready to shoot but they eased as they saw that it was Frank. Butch glared at Rebecca and smirked grimly at her. Frank jumped off his horse and ran straight towards Collins for a swig of whiskey. Collins saw how straight up scared he looked. As he was drinking, Butch noticed that Jesus and Barrett didn't show up at all. \"Where's Barrett an' Jesus?\" he asked. Frank put the bottle down and said, \"They didn' stand a chance 'gainst 'im! Killed 'em both- One bullet!\" Butch irritably said, \"Better start talkin' straight, Frank. Now who killed 'em?!\" Frank shook his head and said, \"It was a lone Ranger...!\" Rebecca and Danny stood up right when Frank said that. 'Dan...?' she thought. Butch looked at Frank like he was joking and said with a smirk, \"Rangers 're dead!\" Frank argued, \"The ghost o' Dan Reid.\" Butch rolled his eyes. \"You-you shouldn'ta done what cha did-\" \" Who did it?!\" \"...Was a lone Ranger. He had some Indian wit' him. They're comin' fer ya, Butch.\" It didn't take Butch too long to attack Frank and throw him down but- \"WA-WAI- AN' A SPIDER WAS THERE! \" Butch stopped immediately and was inches from him. He put his arms down and said, \"A spider?\" Frank nodded. Butch asked, \"You bein' serious or are you tryin' ta joke wit' us? I ain't takin' jokes right now...!\" Frank shook his head and said, \"Was as big as a horse.\" Butch turned his back from Frank and recollected his thoughts. Then he turned back to Frank and asked, \"What did it look like?\" \"Wh-What?\" Frank asked in bewilderment. \"The spider monster, fer God's sake! What th' hell did it look like?!\" he repeated. Frank tried to remember the details. \"He-he was in all grey! Grey hat. Grey coat. But I-I think the thing's whole body was black and purple er somethin'.\" Butch turned around and walked away from Frank. He knew that description from somewhere. \"What color were its eyes?\" he asked. \"B-Blue. Like the sky. Why?\" said Frank. Butch turned away from him and thought about what Frank said. Surely to God he knew the person. Then it clicked—Joe. He gasped to himself. \"Joe...\" he muttered and dropped his knife without realizing it. His mind was racing at the thought that—actually no—he KNEW something was not right. He didn't hear Ray call out his name the first time. The second time he heard another voice- Frank's- call him out. He turned to Frank and the rest of the gang with a blank stare. Butch kept thinking about what to do next; then—\"We're headin' back to th' train!\" Shocked, the gang began protesting about the change of plans. \"Wha-wha-what 'b-'bout th'-\" \" FERGET IT, SCUZZ! \" Butch continued, \"That bug thing ain't up to no good.\" Edgar asked as Butch walked to his horse: \"What about the-a woman and the boy?\" Butch answered immediately, \"Take 'em wit us! We'll deal wit' 'em later.\" Lastly, Frank asked, \"Wh-what makes ya think that monster's no good?\" Butch mounted on his horse, gave Frank a cold stare and said, \"Jes' somethin' a man like me can know in a heartbeat…\" ((PHEW! Got this chapter done! ^^ I know I didn't update this monthly like I said I would ;n;. February was kind of a busy month for me with my research paper, service project and all that crap for Senior year and whatnot XP Oh well. Got Chap. 23 AND 24 in the draft process! So stayed tune! ^^))[Chapter 22] Butch had his guys along with Blake's to stop their horses by the cavalry's. He got off of his and let Rebecca down, despite her silent protest. The gangs were about to approach the train when: \"Oh thank God you're here!\" Butch looked ahead and saw Captain Fuller with a worker. He raised an eyebrow. \"The hell ya jabberin' 'bout?!\" he asked. The worker explained, \"That child and the old man have been in that train yelling at each other non-stop!\" Some reason that didn't concern him at all. \"An' yer point?\" he asked with his arms crossed. Then Fuller pointed to the train where they had last left Blake. The gangs turned to the car and saw three silhouettes in the car. They look like they were having a huge verbal fight. \"Does that look like a calm argument to you?!\" Fuller asked. Butch rolled his eyes and muttered, \"Shit...\" In the car, Lamia smirked and continued playing his violin and watched the most interesting chess match he has seen: Shakespearean Blackboard Chess. Blake and Davison had to either quote a play by Shakespeare or say their move in Shakespearean, then draw their piece on the checkerboard. Now it was Blake's turn. \"Hmhmm~. Very impressive, doct'r. But unfortunately, thou misplac'd thy rook. Argal, mine knight can take him and go to hell as they say~,\" she said erasing the rook and replacing it with her knight. She smirked and crossed her arms in her small victory. \"Hm. So I see. Looks like thou've caught mine flaw,\" Davison said. Blake smirked. \"But thou also art caught in mine trap!\" Blake shot her head up to him. \"Come again?!\" she asked. Davison explained, \"Thou see, while thou wast so focus'd on capturing mine rook, thou fail'd to see mine king hath had an opening after thy rook took mine two pawns.\" She turned to the blackboard and saw his king out in the open. \"So. . . i'll just take thy knight right about. . . anon,\" he grinned and erased her knight and replaced it with his king. Suddenly, Blake giggled. Davison looked at he confusingly. \"What now?\" he asked. She smiled and said, \"Thou just left thy king in the open. I believe thou forgot that I had not only mine other knight out in the open, but I also hast mine rook, mine queen and mine king cornering thy king. so, I can proudly say...\" she moved her last knight right by his king. \"Check mate~.\" Davison saw her trap on the board and admitted defeat. \"So thou hast defeat'd me. I am impress'd,\" he said. She crossed her arms and smirked; Lamia stopped playing his violin. \"Interesting match you two!\" Lamia commented. They turned to Lamia and asked, \"What's the score?\" Lamia pulled out a piece of paper and announced, \"50-50-\" \" 50-50?! \" Lamia shrugged and said, \"That's what I have on here.\" Blake approached him and snatched the paper out of his hand and said, \"Now that cain't be right! You sure you kept track o' all this?\" Lamia rolled his eyes, sighed and said, \"Ambrose won the first five matches, then you got back at him for the next five, and then it kept repeating on that cycle until round 80 with half and half.\" The two looked at him blankly. \"For God's sake I am a British gentleman, not a scorekeeper!\" he exclaimed. Blake handed the paper back to Lamia. She turned to Davison and said, \"I think we better call it quits fer today...\" Davison agreed. A few moments later, Blake asked, \"Ever get the feelin' that yer bein' watched?\" Davison shrugged and replied, \"Sometimes... But then again, I am a doctor. Why?\" The two turned their heads simultaneously to the door and saw Butch and the gang standing at the entrance. An awkward silence immediately filled the train car. Blake pursed her lips and spoke up, \"Well, this just got awkward real quickly…\" Butch glanced over at Davison and squinted his eyes as if he was saying, \"What the hell did you do?\" Davison reacted to his look by pointing both his thumbs to Blake and Lamia and saying, \"These two made me do it!\" Blake and Lamia both gave him a \" You traitor \" look. … … … Conversations were ringing around the dinner table. Jake, Walliwitz, Scuzz, and Frank were chatting about their homes; Freighter, Edgar, Ray, and Cole talked about politics; and Blake, Butch, Danny and Rebecca just kept quiet. Danny noticed Blake's knife and tried to touch it. From the corner of her eye, she saw his hand go for her knife. She drew her knife out carefully and grinned while she explained to him about the dagger. Butch looked over and watch the conversation. He never thought that Blake was that good with kids. He chuckled. Out of the blue, Cole announced, \"Would anyone like a drink?\" Of course, most of the guys said yes, but Blake, however: \"Um, no thanks, Cole. I don' drink-\" \"That doesn't surprise me one bit.\" Blake's eyes widened as she recognized the voice. At the same time, all conversations ceased. Blake, Butch and Scuzz were the only ones who didn't turn their heads to Joe, cigar in his mouth. Danny put the knife back by Blake and turned to Joe too, wondering where he had come from. \"Hola, mi sobrina,\" said Joe in a calm tone. Blake hesitantly replied in Spanish, \"...Hola, tío.\" Joe smiled and said, \"You still have that tone of voice in you after all these years.\" Blake could feel that everyone knew that Joe was up to no good, even Davison. She gulped and asked, \"Whaddya mean by that?\" Joe approached them slowly with a dark chuckle and said, \"Eight years later, I can tell the amount of anxiety that cloaks your speech. It never has ceased to amaze me how much of that one person can have.\" Blake's hand inched closer to the knife. Joe stopped right behind her and examined her hair. \"You've cut it short. Seems to suit you well,\" he commented and kept walking. Blake's gang had their hands on their guns, ready to shoot him. \"I apologize for making my appearance so sudden-\" Blake took a hold of the knife, awaiting Butch's okay to attack him, \"-I had some... paper work to finish up in my office, I lost track of time.\" Butch's eyes met Blake's and he nodded his head to take Joe down. Blake took hold of the knife, quietly got out of her chair, and snuck up on Joe. \"I already had my dinner, but I am willing to have a drink or two-\" Blake raised her knife and was ready to stab him, but Joe quickly turned around and grabbed her wrist. In reaction, Blake's gang stood up and drew their guns out, even Butch and Frank. \"Nice try, though~,\" Joe commented, \"And if you're going to kill a black magician such as I, you all should have put some more effort into it.\" Blake struggled out of his grip but he was far too strong for her. \"Even if you could get out, there is no escape-\" He stopped and turned his head and was able to block Freighter who was about to hit him in the head with a chair. Joe smirked, \"I like the approach.\" Freighter struggled as well to get the chair out of his grip. \"But you aren't worth my time.\" With that, Joe gathered enough psychokinetic energy and threw Freighter at a wall along with the chair. The force of impact made Freighter gag a little blood. With Blake, he slammed her against the table multiple times before being stopped by Jake and Walliwitz. Ray grabbed a bayonet and charged at Joe; unfortunately, Joe repeled him and the bayonet stabbed Ray in the shoulder, Jake and Walliwitz were slammed against each other and Jake was thrown against a wall where then a painting came down and hit him on top of the head. Frank and Scuzz were pulling on Blake to get her out as Edgar grabbed the hidden dagger from his cane; the three were immediately out of his sight. Joe took ahold of Blake and slammed her against the wall with his arm. He took the cigar out of his mouth and hissed through his teeth saying, \"You think you and your men were so clever as to assault me?! You really should have thought that through!\" As he talked, smoke overpowered Blake's nostrils. She squirmed and replied, \"Yeah well- mph - At least my nose didn't hafta think through yer smokin'.\" He was offended and replied, \"Why you, imputed little-\" Then, he took the cigar and jabbed it right onto her collar bone. She yelped by the burning pain. Joe removed the burning stub from her and said, \"You've got quite the nerve to say boludeces like that.\" Joe heard a safety pull back from behind him. \"Put 'er down. Right now.\" Joe could identify that voice; it was Butch. Joe raised an eyebrow. \"Or what?\" he asked sarcastically. Butch put the barrel of his gun right on the back of Joe's head and replied, \"Er I'm gonna blast a hole in ya...\" \"Think you can do a little better than tha-\" \" JES' PUT MY DAUGHTER DOW- \" Butch stopped and covered his mouth with his free hand, realizing what he just said. Joe turned to him, surprised. He then smiled mockingly and laughed, saying, \"I'm sorry- Your WHAT ?\" Butch didn't answer. \"You know everyone heard you... Right ?\" Joe asked. Butch still didn't answer. Joe's face went immediately to stern and fierce. \"Just as I suspected,\" he muttered. Joe then threw Butch across the table, then slammed him down on the floor; a knife dug right into his shoulder as he screamed in pain. Blake kicked Joe in the hip and he dropped her. Blake headed to the door and right as she reached it, Captain Fuller shot at her but missed, hitting the doorframe. Joe recovered and hissed \"Dammit!\" Joe immediately turned to Danny and Rebecca ordering, \"Captain! Take those two and get them out of here!\" Fuller took them but before they could get to the door, a gunshot went off and a bullet hit Fuller in the arm after it had ricocheted off the door frame. Heads turned as they saw Davison holding a gun in his hand. He smiled and chuckled with a \"Whoops. Finger must have slipped.\" ... ... ... Blake slammed the train door shut and ran through the next car. Out the other end she smirked as she thought of her escape from this crazy hell hole when- \"Hold it right there!\" Blake turned her head and saw a man with a white cowboy hat, black attire with the exception of the red bandanna, and a black mask. She raised an eyebrow and asked, \"What's with the mask?\" The man, John Reid, lowered his aim, turned to the roof of the train and shouted, \" EVEN SHE THINKS I LOOK RIDICULOUS! \" Blake looked at John, then to an Indian with a dead crow on his head, then back to John. \"Uuum...,\" she muttered. John snapped at her, \"Don't ask. Okay?! \" The sound of glass breaking made the two turn to the source behind Blake. She turned to John and said, \"Time to go!\" and scaled the ladder and onto the roof followed by John. Blake came face-to-face with Tonto once she got on. \"NOT Wendigo!\" he said. She turned to John who in return replied, \"Again. Don't ask !\" \"Yeah, well, I ain't got time ta explain this m'self!\" she replied pointing to the continued sound of breaking glass. Tonto asked, \"What makes you certain you have no time for-\" Suddenly the train jerked forward and began to pick up speed. John picked himself up and yelled, \" Now what's goin' on?!\" Blake got herself and Tonto up and said, \"Well somebody had to of done that!\" She turned around and saw a hand emerge from below. Her eyes widened as she told Johna and Tonto to run. \"Run?\" John asked, \"Whaddya-\" \" JUST DO IT! \" John shrugged and followed her along with Tonto. Suddenly, gunshots went off. The trio ducked and dodged bullets while running from Joe and Cole. \"What the hell is with those two?!\" John yelled. Tonto asked, \"When to jump?\" Blake looked at the Indian like he was crazy and said, \"Uh-uh! We are NOT jumpin' off a fuckin' movin' locomotive!\" More bullets rang past their ears. \"Well sometime now!\" John screamed. Blake shrugged and replied, \"Okay. You two go!\" and shoved John and Tonto aside. She could hear them scream as they fell and into the river below. \" AAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHHH! \" She couldn't help but smirk. ... ... ... \"Will you quit fidgeting , Cavendish?! That knife's going to dig deeper into you if you keep moving!\" said a nagging Davison to an irritated Butch. He already had to put a bandage around Jake's head after a frame caused a couple of stitches, remove splinters from Freighter, and take a bayonet out of Ray. Butch clenched his teeth as the pain flowed throughout his shoulder. \"I almost... Got it out... and- There !\" Davison quickly pulled the knife out; Butch yelped and cursed out of pain. \"There. Not so bad, now, was it?\" Davison asked. Butch glared at him and muttered, \"Shut... up...!\" \"Well now what do we do?! Joe an' Cole 're out there 'bout ready ta kill Blake-\" Davison interrupted saying, \"The only thing is- Those two WILL kill her for a blood sacrifice and-\" Butch grabbed Davison by the collar and said through his teeth, \"A WHAT?! \" Davison hesitated and sighed. He explained to them, \"Cole made a pact with Joe to kill Blake for a sort of blood sacrifice for this demon spirit Joe conjured years back. This spirit will only take blood from the young ones.\" Jake asked, \"Define young...\" He shrugged and replied, \"Somewhere between 10 and 22 years of age. For some reason, Blake is smacked right in the middle of that range. And I'm fairly certain she's the perfect specimen for this.\" Butch stared into his eyes angrily. \"This is as far as I know about this. I don't know anything else, I swear to you.\" Gunshots were faintly heard over the sound of wheels clicking on rail. Their heads turned to the sound. \"Quickyl! You have to stop them!\" Davison said. The gangs headed for the door; Butch had his hand on the door handle before Davison called him out: \"Wait. Butch.\" Butch turned to him. Davison told him, \"...If what Joe said was true about Blake about being of corrupted mundane blood, then she will die tonight…\" On the rooftops, Blake had Lamia distract and stall Joe and Cole as she headed back to the train with the gangs. She never noticed Edgar's head appearing and stepped and leapt off of him. The force made Edgar's head slam against the edge of the roof, cutting his forehead. Blake heard his scream of pain and replied, \"Scusate, Ed!\" A gunshot came from Cole's gun and a bullet hit Blake on the leg and she collapsed. She cursed under her breath from the pain. Once Cole and Joe got to Blake, she stood back up and tried to fight them off. Blake knocked Joe's gun out of his hands and kicked it off the train. As Joe tried to recover his gun, Blake made her way to Cole and got his gun away from him, knocked him down, and held him down with her foot. She clicked back the safety and said, \"Any last words 'fore I blow yer head off?\" Cole saw Joe pull another gun out of his coat and pointed it right at Blake. He smirked and replied, \"Tell me how it feels to slowly die.\" She raised an eyebrow in his response but quickly realized what he meant, turned around and- BANG! She stood there. A wave of numbness filled her stomach. She put her hand right where she thought the bullet had hit her. She pulled her hand back slowly and her eyes widened by what she saw: blood. Another shot rang out; this time it was painful. A third shot rang, a bullet going through her shoulder. She dropped her gun and fell to her knees, clutching on to her stomach and coughing blood. Joe approached her and motioned to Cole to hold her head up. Cole knelt down, grabbed her hair and held her head up to where she was facing Joe. The Spaniard smirked and knelt down. He commented, \"You think you are unstoppable with your abilities and your youth. But you must know, people have to come to an end.\" Blake stared at Joe and replied, \"I wasn' plannin' on bein' unstoppable…\" and coughed up more blood. Joe's anger rose and he smacked her hard across the face. She hung her head low and never looked at him. Joe pulled out a knife and said, \"I told Seth this would be quick and painless-\" Joe put the tip of the blade at her chest, \"-but I do not believe in that sort of shit.\" and he swiped the blade, drawing blood. Blake didn't flinch. Joe pulled out a beaker and let the blood drip in it. Once he felt he had enough in there, he ordered Cole to let her go; and he did. Joe stood up and watched Blake rock back and forth slowly. He smirked and said, \"Los siento… mi sobrina.\" and he kicked her off the train. Joe smirked as he heard Butch scream for her and ordered the gangs to jump after her. Blake opened her eyes and her vision was blurred. Soon, all she felt was water all around her. Then her whole world went black.[Chapter 23] John emerged from the water and came across Tonto sitting at the bank of the river. He approached him but Tonto suddenly said, \"Not much fun being pushed off iron horse now?\" John shook his head and replied, \"Don't even mention that again !\" John found his hat and dried it off. He sat next to Tonto in silence before he broke it saying, \"Why would a relative kill one of their own? What purpose would that serve?\" Tonto replied, \"Same reason Wendigo cut out-\" He was cut off by the sound of something hitting hard on the water. They both turned to the sound as more hit the water. John got up and squinted in the direction of the sound. He saw that it was people hitting it. John tilted his head and muttered, \"What the...?\" Blake didn't feel the pain of her hitting the water. She couldn't feel anything at all. Her eyes fluttered opened and she could see only darkness and nothing else. Not even Butch trying to rescue her. Butch grabbed her wrist and brought her back up to the surface and gasped for air. He supported her on his shoulder and swam to shore quickly. A couple guys from her gang already made it to the shore and waited for Butch with a half-dead Blake. He made it and he quickly placed Blake on the ground. \"Blake! C'mon, kiddo! Breathe!\" he muttered while pressing down on her chest. Freighter decided to loosely untie her corset and he hoped that would get the water out of her lungs. He gently pushed Butch out of the way and went with his plan. After he got it undone, Butch returned to his attempt to revive Blake. He felt his voice go hoarse as he thought Blake wasn't waking up. \"Blake, I swear ta God, doncha dare do this to me! Donchu dare!\" After the third round of compressions, Blake coughed up the water and a little blood. The gangs gave a sigh of relief. Blake, however, began to breath heavily, like she had asthma. Butch held her and said, \"Yer gonna make it, kid. Yer gonna make it, kid...!\" Blake weakly turned to him and muttered, \"I... I dunno... I-If I can...\" Edgar could feel the rising anger in Butch as he exclaimed in a hoarse voice, \"Kid! I already lost one person in my life! I am not gonna risk losing you! You better not die on me!\" Scuzz and Walliwitz witnessed everything from behind and Walliwitz whispered, \"Wh-what's goin' on?\" Scuzz shook his head and replied, \"I-I... I don'-don'-don'-don' know, Walli...\" Walliwitz looked up to him and saw that he was on the verge of crying. \"Are you... Are you gonna cry?\" Scuzz looked at him and noticed his own eyes were watering and he wiped them and added, \"S-S-Sorry…I… I didn' mean-mean-mean ta do tha'...\" Suddenly, a voice called out: \"'Ello? Any one of you out there?\" Heads turned as they saw Dr. Ambrose Davison appear with a lantern. Davison saw that Butch was holding Blake and asked, \"Do you have her?\" Butch slowly stood up and turned to him, Blake in his arms. Davison motioned to follow him. Butch followed Davison into the woods and as he was walking, he heard Blake talk in a croaky voice, \"Why'd ya do that…?\" He didn't understand what she meant by that. \"Whaddya mean?...,\" he asked. \"I mean: Why did ya call me yer-\" \"Blake, don't even mention it. I didn't know what I was thinkin',\" he quickly replied. She never spoke about it again. Davison called out, \"Cavendish!\" Butch saw that the doctor had a tent set up (he assumed it was a makeshift hospital). He led Butch inside and had him place Blake on a cot. Davison put the lantern down and searched for his surgical tools while Butch stayed by her side. He watched as she coughed up more blood and curled up in pain. It killed him to see her in this state. He heard Davison announce from behind him, \"Looks like this should be everything. I'll take it from here, Cavendish!\" But Butch never moved. \"Cavendish, you must leave.\" He looked up to the doctor tiredly. Davison could tell he was trying hard to hide the fact that he truly cared for her. He put down his tools and put a hand on Butch's shoulder saying, \"I'll do my best to save her.\" Feeling that he would, Butch got up and left the tent. But before he left, he stopped, turned to Davison and said, \"You better do it, doc.\" He left once he finished his sentence. Davison stared off into space before hearing Blake cough. He quickly turned and proceeded to save her life. \"Don't you worry, Ms. Thuuman, I'll make this as quick as possible,\" he assured her as he took out a surgical knife and tweezers. ... ... ... Freighter, Jake and Walliwitz set up a fire and got themselves warmed up after getting out of the cold river. The camp was quiet while Butch took Blake to Davison's \"hospital\". Their minds were focused on getting Blake back on her feet and getting business done with Joe and Cole; by that the gangs would have to assassinate them. They heard a twig snap and the gang snapped their heads to that direction. Butch appeared from the shadows and to the light of the fire. They were at ease. \"H-How's Bla-Bla-Blake doin'?\" asked Scuzz. Butch looked at him but didn't say a word. Scuzz turned back to the fire worriedly. Suddenly, Butch asked, \"Anyone got a damn thing o' whiskey?\" Nobody did or say anything to respond, except for Scuzz. \"I-I-I got one...,\" he said pulling out a small flask from his pocket. He tossed it to Butch and he drank the whole thing. He threw the empty flask by Scuzz's feet once he was done. He never made eye contact with any of the men staring at him wondering if he thought Blake would be alright soon. Next thing they knew, a scream came from the distance. They all turned their heads to that direction, a look of worry cloaking their faces. Freighter turned his head last; he felt that he knew Blake would not be alright. At the tent, Blake clutched her bullet wounds protesting Davison's medical help. \"Would ya get that damn thing away from me?!\" she yelled in a raspy voice. Davison fought back and said, \"Blakely! You are putting your own life at risk! I am not willing to lose another life now, for God's sake!\" Blake glared at him and said weakly, \"The hell makes ya think usin' tha' God forsaken tool on me when-\" Out of impulse, Davison pulled out the knife that he had from his cane, pointed it to her throat and remained silent. The two stared into each other's eyes angrily in silence. Davison spoke up and hissed, \"I don't want to play the villain here… But it was upon Butch's request that you will cooperate and allow me to get those goddamn bullets out of you! Is that understood?!\" She never said a word as she slowly laid back down. Davison put the knife back into the cane, brought back the surgical tools, grinned and said, \"I knew you had some respect in you.\" She just glared at him. The men had already put their attention back to the glowing flames in silence. Though peaceful and ominous, Jake was itching to ask Butch a question about Blake. He spoke up. \"Why'd ya call 'er that?\" he asked. Butch remained silent and didn't make eye contact with the Scot. \"I said: Why'd ya call her that?\" Butch denied it saying, \"Call her what ?!\" Jake clenched his fist, got up, and grabbed Butch's collar and said, \"Ya better answer me straight, ya dreich bassa! Somethin's been goin' on 'tween you an' ou' boss! Now you betta tell me what it is, er I'll-\" \" WHAT THE HELL MORE DO YA WANT OTHER THAN THAT SHE WAS LIKE MY DAUGHTER?! \" He stopped. Jake looked at him in a way that he was shocked but he was satisfied enough knowing he got his answer. Butch got out of Jake's grip and sat back down, putting his head against his hand out of frustration. He sighed heavily and said, \"I'm jes' sickly worried 'bout her… The kid's been through Hell in th' past, an' she's done her best not to go and relive everythin' she's been tryin' to escape from. An' now- I dunno if she's gonna be okay…\" Jake stood there not wanting to believe Cavendish but at the same time he did. \"So why'd you decide to tell us this now?! That's what I don' understand!\" Jake said. Butch glanced up to him and replied, \"Thought you'd get our drift by now... Guess she was righ' 'bout cha.\" Back at the tent, Davison carefully removed the second bullet from Blake; and while he really didn't have any narcotics to numb the pain, Blake seemed to endure it more and more. Once the bullet was out, he placed the bloodied slug in a small dish and came back for the last bullet. \"Whaddya mean by that?\" Jake asked. Butch took his time to respond. \"You ain't nothin' but a hellova stubborn sexual tyrannosaur. At least from what I've been seein',\" was Butch's response. Jake felt offended by it, but at the same time he knew that was right. He always let his sexual pleasure get in the way. Blood was suddenly gushing from Blake as Davison was retrieving the last slug in her. By reflex, he grabbed a damp towel and put it on top of the wounds. Davison felt that the bullet must have just barely nicked her heart as he was getting it out. He quickly put the slug in the dish and tended the wounds. \"Guess boss ain't lyin' 'bout all o' us...\" Freighter stated out loud. The men turned to him. \"But besides her bein' a backstabber an' a pushover, she knew what she was doin'. She's got not only brains but she's got guts,\" Freighter finished. Davison retrieved the bandages and phenol and treated her bullet wounds. The phenol stung the wounds but Davison assured her that it would be over with soon. He later told her to get rested and let the medicine do its work. Blake followed his command without protest. She turned to her side but came back to facing up after feeling the pain of the medicine on the wounds. Davison looked back at her, grinned softly, and exited the tent. When he left, Blake could feel her heart beat slow down. Her body felt numb and limp. She tried to call Davison back but her voice never came up. Her eyes closed once her vision went black. ... ... ... \"...So that's why Blake's the way she is...?\" Frank wondered. Butch nodded his head after he explained to her gang Blake's past. If she were right there, she wouldn't have told them her true story. But it was Butch who did it, not Blake. \"Yeah... She never was comf'r'ble talkin' about it. She hated that life so much, she prob'ly would've taken her own life if she had th' chance. Thank God she didn't...,\" Butch muttered. \"I knew she was pretty secretive 'bout alotta things... But now I understand why she never said anythin' about slavery whenever the topic's brought up,\" Freighter commented, knowing that he ahd been through that before the war. \"It-It sounds s-sick,\" commented Scuzz. Butch agreed, \"Yeah, well, whatever those low life bastards had done ta her, they got what they deserved.\" Suddenly, the sound of a twig snapping startled the men a little, making them draw their guns. \"It's only me, gentlemen!\" called out a British voice. A recognizeable voice. It was Davison. The men lowered their guns immediately, knowing that he had news on Blake's surgery and recovery. \"I only came to tell you about Blakely!\" Scuzz was the one to speak up first. \"Wh-Wh-Wha- How's B-Blake doin'?\" he asked. Davison gave him a grin and said, \"She should be alright as of this minute. Hopefully she can lift herself off the cot. But I must tell you, she will be very exhausted due to blood loss. So no running or any other sort of fast movements.\" The men smiled and-or gave a sigh of relief from the news. Butch told him, \"Knew I could count on you, doc...!\" Davison tipped his hat and told them all to sleep and returned to the tent. Upon Davison's return, he heard a voice coming from within the tent. He hurriedly went in to see who had gotten in the tent. He entered and saw a dark figure looking over Blake. The figure kept speaking to her in a low voice. Davison hesitantly interrupted the person speaking to her saying, \"Wh-Who are you?\" The figure stopped talking, stood up, and turned around. Davison gave a sigh of relief once he saw that it was just Lamia. \"Sorry I interrupted your little talk with her,\" he said, walking to his chair, \"But as you can tell, she's asleep. And she really needs that.\" He set his cane down by the little desk. The British spiritman lowered his head and muttered, \"Understood...\" Davison replied, \"You can join the gang. They are bound to be asleep by now.\" He went straight to sleep after noting Lamia the information. Lamia stood by Blake's cot before departing, saying, \"I know you won't be able to be with them again for quite sometime... But it's for the best.\" He left the tent in silence.[Chapter 24] Early in the next morning, Davison got up in a hopeful mood. He needed to wake up Blake so she could get back with the gang. He stood up and said aloud, \"Wonderful morning, miss Thuuman! I suppose you would wake up now?\" No answer. He shook his head yet smiled a little, thinking she was still asleep. \"You can't possibly still be sleeping especially at this hour?\" It was a little past 7 o' clock. He walked up to her cot and shook her. \"Come on, you little rascal!\" Still no answer. Now was beginning to concern him. His cheery smile gradually went to a frown. \"Blake? Are you awake?\" he asked. She didn't budge. Eyes wide, he slowly put his two fingers under her chin to check her pulse. Nothing. His mouth dropped and he felt his heart skip a beat. Blake... Blake was dead. He backed away from her body and dropped his cane. What happened? How could she die? He thought he checked every wound and stitched her up. \"Wha- How did this happen?! I checked everything! An' nothing seemed to be too fatal except for-\" The knife wound! He completely forgot to tend the place where Joe had slashed her. Davison looked to where the blood was staining her chest. He figured that he was so focused on quickly getting the bullets out of her, he didn't get to the knife wound. Davison didn't want to see Butch's reaction to the news. He didn't want to see a man like Butch break down over the loss of a child, but he had no choice... ... ... ... Butch was the one to wake up first. Then a few more got up. Then soon, all the men were up, waiting for Blake to join back. He ordered the men to gather whatever belongings they had when they fell off the train. Butch turned around and saw Davison slowly approaching the gang. He smirked and said, \"Yer up kinda early, ol' Doc. How's Blake doin'?\" The men turned to the old doctor with hopeful looks on their faces. However, they notice that Davison looked like he was going to keel over, but that didn't bother them. Davison looked up to the men with a somber look. He bit his lower lip and gazed his eyes to the ground and slowly removed his hat. Butch and the men immediately put it together that something was wrong. \"Doc...?\" Butch murmured. Davison pursed his lips and said softly, \"I... I'm sorry. But Blake... She didn't make it to morning...\" A wave of shock hit the men harder than anything. How could she be dead? She's just a kid. She can't die... Right? Butch felt speechless and unresponsive. The only thing he did was look at Davison and mutter, \"Thank ya...\" He turned away from the doctor and stood there. Moments later, he began to walk away from the camp; Frank stopped him. \"Wh-where ya goin', B-Butch?\" he asked. Butch could hear his voice go hoarse when he spoke. He responded, \"Somewhere a lil' private... Don't even follow me.\" And he walked off; he never heard Frank cry. Once Butch was far away from the camp, he looked up to the sky. He felt tears welling up in his eyes, his breathing staggered. ' First Angela... ' he thought. He clenched his fists tightly. ' An' now Blake... ' His knees felt weak and he fell onto them. \"I just can't win, can I...?!\" he mumbled. The tears that collected in his eyes began to fall. Not too soon, he hit the ground with his fists, and screamed. That's all he felt like he could do. In between yelling, cursing and breathing for air, he bawled like crazy and the tears came down like a waterfall. Inside his heavy cold heart, he felt as though another part of it was taken out. Sure he has killed some women—girls included— in the past; but he felt that Blake was a part of his life the whole time. He would never think of hurting her. He wouldn't even have the guts to do so. He calmed down a little and remembered the ones that took her away from him: Joe and Latham. He clenched his teeth and his expression became fierce. \"Swear to God... I'll kill 'em both...! I'll make 'em burn in Hell for this!\" He ended his sentence by pounding the ground with anger. ... ... ... Freighter clasped his hands together and rested them against his forehead and stared at the ground. Scuzz buried his face in his hands in frustration and confusion; he had to experience another \"father\" grieve for his \"child\". Jake leaned against a tree, arms crossed with a bottle of smuggled booze in his hand. Out of his anger and frustration, he turned and smashed the bottle against the tree, turned back around, sat down and put his face in his arms. Edgar noted that Walliwitz didn't seem to be affected as much by the news of his boss's death. He assumed Walli had heard that sort of news enough that it didn't have any effect on him. In the distance, they all heard someone scream; Butch. Freighter didn't turn to the direction of the sound, for he had heard it way too often in his time as a slave. As the silence returned in the air, the gang remained silent. Nobody looked up when they heard the sound of spurs clicking. Butch collected himself and stopped at the foot of the camp. His hat covered most of his face which hid his eyes that were tinted with pink from crying. His breathing was choppy as well. His eyes glanced up to see that none of her gang had moved from their spots since he left. The first to look at him was Scuzz. He never said anything but he knew Butch would want to see Blake one more time before departing. Butch found the path to the tent and walked it until he found the tent. He entered the tent after hearing someone crying in there. He recognized the person who was crying: Frank. In the tent, he was right about his thought when he saw Frank hunched over and shaking by Blake's cot. Frank was too caught up in grieving for Blake that he never heard his boss' footsteps right behind him. Butch stood right behind him and hesitated to put a hand on Frank's shoulder. Frank felt it and looked up to his boss. The two didn't say a word until Butch told him, \"Why don'cha get back out there an' join them fer a while...?\" Frank didn't move or say anything; he just stared at his boss in sadness. He then looked back at Blake, scooted closer to her, leaned forward, and whispered in her ear, \"'Till we meet again...\" and lastly, he gently placed his lips on her cheek. Frank's eyes filled with tears again as he stood back up, bumped into Butch and left. Taking Frank's spot, Butch took his hat off and hung his head low. He bit his lip to stop it from quivering. He took a hold of her hand and never let go. He soon felt Davison's presence in the tent lingering behind him. \"...Why didn' ya do it?!\" he uttered aloud. Davison raised an eyebrow. \"What are you talking about?\" he asked. Butch raised his voice repeating, \"I said, 'Why didn' ya do it'?! Why didn' ya save her life like ya said you would?!\" Davison sighed heavily and replied, \"I did all I could, Cavendish. But some things are just unexpected.\" That only made Butch stand up angrily. \"Why the hell did you expect me ta believe that you would save her?! You fuckin' expect me to believe she's dead?!\" Butch's throat tightened up as he spoke. His eyes watered as well. \"Cavendish! I am a doctor, not a miracle worker! I cannot purely gurantee my belief on saving a life when they're between life and death!\" Butch and Davison kept arguing on the subject, completely unaware the Blake had slowly opened her eyes and saw them arguing. She passed out again. \"I can't predict the future, either, Butch! It's just something that happens! I-\" \"What you can do is be a little fuckin' more relieable!\" Butch's voice may be rising, but it was also cracking from how much he was yelling at the doctor. \"I am too relieable! You have to understand that I cannot save all the lives in the world! I have failed others in the past, too, but they were right on the verge of death and there was nothing I could do!\" \"All you are is jus' a goddamn asshole! You ain't no doctor-\" Suddenly, Davison pulled out his knife and pointed it to Butch's neck. \"Test me. One more time, Cavendish. Just do it!\" he threatened through his teeth. Butch didn't say a word after that. He backed off, turned back to Blake and lowered his head. Davison put his knife back and slumped back in his seat. He sighed heavily and said, \"I'm sorry, Cavendish. It's just that... Sometimes, things just happen. Sure, I have let people die, but they were expected to die. I couldn't do anything about it. Blake's was completely unexpected. I thought she would be alright by today, but... She just... Didn't make it...\" Butch just listened to what Davison had to say. He felt a little guilty for yelling at him and not letting him explain himself. Davison further explained, \"Being what I am is extremely stressful. Again, I apologize for this.\" He looked up and saw that Butch was still standing over Blake. After some time of silence, he spoke up saying, \"I'll let you be with her for the last time.\" Butch looked over to Davison. \"It's okay,\" Davison said quietly. Butch nodded and sat back down. He pushed back the hair covering her eye and noticed the scar over her right eye and the other two scars on the right side of her face. He then took a hold of her hand and gently squeezed it. He hesitated to lean in and place his lips on her forehead. \"Tell Angela... I said ' hi '...,\" he muttered. Butch straightened up in his seat before actually getting up from it. He tipped his hat to Davison and muttered to him, \"Make sure she get's a good burial...\" He left the tent without another word. He arrived back to the camp, the men turning their heads to him. Butch stared at the men knowing that they were waiting for him to say where they'll go next. Butch stared off into space then looked off into the direction where Joe and Cole's train were. He figured it wasn't too far off where they had jumped off last night. Next thing he saw was the rising sun in the horizon. His mind was now lost somewhere, not caring about had just happened over the course of these dark seven hours. A voice made him snap back to reality. \"Wh-wh-wh...Whaddo we d-do now...?\" He looked towards the source of the sound: Scuzz. Butch gave him a good hard look for a few seconds before looking away from him and the rest of the men. He couldn't get himself to say anything; he actually never thought about what they'll do next. In fact: What are they going to do? Their boss is dead, half of his own gang were dead as well thanks to that 'lone Ranger' and his Indian friend, and Cole back stabbed him by helping Joe kill Blake. He finally came up with an answer: \"We're goin' back to the plan me an' Cole set up.\" The Sinners looked at Butch like he was a mad man—which he probably was. Jake was the first to protest. \"Ya gotta be outta yer damn mind, ya walloper! Do ya even remember who just killed ou' boss?!\" Butch glared at Jake and replied, \"He thinks we took care o' Blake. Cole wanted her dead if I ever came across her path.\" Jake looked at him disgustedly when he turned towards the direction of the tycoons. \"By hell doncha dare walk away fro' me, ya bastart!\" exclaimed Jake as he quickly approached Butch and grabbed him by the shoulder. \"If wese ta be outlaws, then by hell we'll stay-\" Jake wasn't prepared for Butch's sucker punch. Jake fell to the ground and put his hand on his bloody nose. Jake muffled his scream of pain with the same hand. He looked to where Butch's boots were and looked up to him angrily. He gave Jake his best death glare and growled, \"We stick to th' plan, ya dipshit. You can either get off yer ass an' do it, or you'll wind up dead like yer boss...!\" Of course, he truly didn't mean to say that last part; he was just upset. Jake couldn't think of a reply and stood up, gave Butch a glare of his own, and asked for a cloth. Edgar pulled out his handkerchief and gave it to him. Butch watched him before turning around and saying, \"Let's go...\" The gang followed without argument. ... ... ... Davison slowly paced back and forth replaying the argument between him and Butch. He came to the conclusion that they weren that they were both right. He knew that he could have saved her life quicker like Butch said; but at the same time, he couldn't predict a sudden death so quickly. \"Butch was upset when he found out about your death, Blakely...,\" he said out loud. He looked right at her and continued, \"Death, though, can't necessarily be such a bad thing. I'm sure he believes you're free from the suffering of all these years.\" He paused, grinned and finished, \"It would be funny if you were to hear all of this nonsense I'm just blabbering about.\" He heard footsteps coming from outside the tent. Surprised, Davison called out, \"'Ello?\" A voice called back, \"Uh, doc? You still in there?\" Even though Davison knew he should not let any people he was not familiar with in his \"office\", he allowed whoever was outside in. The tent flap opened and John Reid and Tonto entered. John took his hat off and asked, \"I- erm, we, heard some commotion in this area. Everything alright?\" Davison hesitantly nodded and replied, \"Well, the storm has passed now.\" John asked, \"Wh-What exactly happened?\" \"The girl-\" he pointed to Blake's body. \"-just died not too long ago. Been gone for a few hours, actually.\" \"So who was it that just-\" Tonto did not want to take part of the conversation and decided to examine Blake. \"It was Butch...,\" Davison finished. John didn't know how to respond to this. He knew Butch was the one that killed his brother and ate his heart, but to think that he cared for a teenage girl? How could he? That didn't make sense to him. \"Why does he care for her?\" Tonto took out a feather, held it up and placed it over her heart. \"I'm not entirely sure. But the two seemed very close when they arrived a few days ago.\" Once Tonto felt the offering was good enough, he looked back to John and Davison and sneakily went for Blake's feather in her hair. Davison noticed Tonto taking something from her. \"Hey! Don't touch her! I was about to-\" One second later, Blake grabbed Tonto's wrist. Davison caught his breath, John gasped to himself, and Tonto was just fazed. Blake slowly tried to sit up, groaning in pain. Tonto quickly looked around and found the tray with the small surgical equipment, grabbed it with his free hand, and slammed it across her face. She was quickly knocked out again. Not one of them said a single word. Tonto turned to John and Davison, shocked. \" WHY THE BLOODY HELL DID YOU DO THAT?! \" Davison yelled at Tonto, breaking the silence. Tonto then pointed to the dead crow on his head and replied, \"Bird told me to.\" The old doctor did not know how to respond to this. He turned to John with a look on his face in which John shrugged and said quietly, \"...Long story.\" ... ... ... Joe started chatting with Marty and Sid. \"Seeing that you two have done your jobs-\" \"Y-You gon set us free?!\" Marty interrupted. Joe chuckled and replied, \"You two earned it!\" The two mechanics smiled big and gave their thanks to Joe. They reported back to the engine before Butch and the remaining gangmen arrived. Joe turned to the somber men and fakely exclaimed, \"Oh! Didn't expect all of you to come back already! I, uh, I was, admittedly, taken off guard by your arrival!\" Butch gave Joe an unreadable look and muttered, \"Ta be honest wit' ya, we really don' wanna hear it. We're all really shittin' tired...\" Joe nodded and said, \"We'll have lunch ready soon enough for you all.\" He left. Butch motioned the men to just sit down. Every one of them slumped as soon as they sat down. When Butch sat down, he leaned his head on his hand and let out a heavy sigh. They heard the door open again, and it was Cole who came in. \"Good afternoon, gentlemen!\" Jake and Freighter lifted a hand as a greeting. Cole soon noticed the men's gloomy looks. \"What seems to be the problem…?\" he asked. \"Blake…\" Butch quietly replied. \"What about her?\" \"She died…\" Cole figured Blake would die slow, but he did not think her death would have that big of an impact on all of them. \"Oh…,\" he replied, \"Well I do hope she's in a better place.\" Walliwitz raised his hand. \"Yes?\" Cole answered. \"Uhm, d-do you 'ave 'ny food?\" the Aussie asked. Cole gave him a smile and said, \"We are serving lunch outside if you want to join!\" Walliwitz happily got out of his seat and bolted to the door. ' How the hell can a sap like him be so damn worried 'bout eatin'?! ' Butch thought as he watched the hunchback leave the gang. ... ... ... \"What do you think you are doing?!\" Davison exclaimed as Tonto tied Blake to a toboggan. Tonto didn't turn to him but he replied, \"She Spiritwalker.\" Davison raised an eyebrow and he heard John say to the Comanche, \"What makes you say that? I thought you said I was the only one.\" \"Yes. But I meant to tell you of a second Spiritwalker.\" Davison and John kept listening to what he had to say. \"In my vision, there were two Spiritwalkers. One being you, Kemosabe. The other-\" he pointed to Blake, \"-her!\" Davison was so dumbfounded by the Indian's talk. He whispered to John, \"What even IS a so called 'Spiritwalker'?!\" \"One who has been to the other side and back,\" Tonto replied making Davison's heart stop. \"One-\" he turned to Davison. \"-Who cannot be killed in battle.\" He gave John the same look from earlier. He said the same thing from earlier, \"Again, long story...\" … … … Later that night, the table was still quiet. Rebecca and Danny could sense the emptiness in the air around them. Not a lot of the men were hungry; even Butch hadn't touched his dinner. Walliwitz, however, did not seem to feel the somber air created by the rest of his gang. He scarf down his plate in no time. He heard Cole chuckle. \"My, Louis! You seemed to take that down easily!\" Walliwitz looked up to the mayor with a mouth full of food but he quickly closed it and smirked. Joe offered to take his plate and put it in the sink but the Aussie insisted on seconds. Walliwitz got up and searched for the food again. Cole placed his napkin on his plate, got up and excused himself, Joe followed suit. \"We'll just... Leave you all alone for now,\" said Joe, leaving. Silence filled the train again before Walliwitz returned with more food on his plate. He returned to his spot next to Jake who gave Walli a dark glare for no reason. He shuddered and returned to his food. Jake fiddled with his food before he angrily slammed his hands on the table. \"This is all YOUR fault!\" he said pointing at and calling out Scuzz. Confused, Scuzz looked around the others, back to Jake and pointed a finger to himself. He raised an eyebrow. \"M-Me?\" Scuzz asked dumbfoundedly. \"Yeah you, ya stank dodger git! Yer th' one who led our boss ta her death!\" he yelled getting out of his seat. Scuzz then raised his hands up in defense and replied, \"I-I-I was d-doin' m-my job! I-I had n-no-no... Nothin' ta do w-wit' her death!\" \"Guys seriously, arguin's not gonna solve anythin'. Jes' drop it,\" Butch muttered. Jake snapped at Butch saying, \"Jes' keep yer mouth SHUT , ya ol' bastart!\" Butch kept quiet after that. Jake then turned back to Scuzz and continued, \"If it weren't fer you an' yer damn watch, we woulda been better off! We woulda carried on wit' our lives-\" He started to walk over to Scuzz in the middle of his talk. \"-AND we wouldn't've had ta deal wit' such a Godforsaken ordeal!\" \"Or-Ordeal?! We didn' h-have ta d-d-do anyhtin' b-but follow B-B-Blake's orders! Y-Yer th' o-o-one who's c-c-allin' th-this whole sh-sh-shit an o-o..ordeal!\" \"Oh look 'o's talkin' ya limey bastart!\" \"Yer th-th' one wh-wh-who's a limey b-bastart!\" Scuzz shoved Jake away and into Freighter. Scuzz immediately realized what he had done. \"Uh oh…\" he muttered under his breath. Jake gritted his teeth and clenched his fists growling, \"Ya really wanna go, ya dobber?!\" A hand grabbed Jake by the hair. \"Easy there, pretty boy!\" Freighter said. Jake angrily turned to the African man and hissed, \"Wha' de hell ya call me?!\" Freighter rolled his eyes and calmly said, \"Arguin' aint gonna solve 'nythin', so why you-\" He got cut off with Jake's fist meeting his face. Rebecca pulled the scared Danny closer to her, and Walliwitz cringed. The men kept yelling at each other. Butch eventually had had enough of the argument and pulled out his gun. Danny covered his ears when- BANG! Everyone turned to who had pulled the trigger. It was not even Butch. It was Walliwitz. \" STOP IT ! ALL OF YOU!\" The whole gang was in shock to see the shy, quiet hunch back Australian raise his voice like this. \"I'm tired o' all o' you arguin' 'bout lil' details! Blake died because she tried ta fix up her past an' she failed! There's no point in arguin' about THAT, is there?!\" Nobody wanted to say a word to him. Walliwitz continued with tears of stress forming in his eyes, \"Why can't you all jus' get o'er this?! Do ya honestly think woulda tolerate this?! NO ! She woulda killed us!\" The tears flowed down as he pounded the table with his fist. \"I hate it! I hate it! I HATE IT !\" He looked at every one of them angrily and said quietly, \"Can y'all just shut up an' get over it?!\" Walliwitz took his plate and sat in a corner in the car. He didn't want to make eye contact with the gang; he knew they deserved it. Jake eventually let go of Scuzz and muttered, \"Eh... Sorry, mate... I- I git kinda worked up sometimes...\" Scuzz shook his head and replied, \"N-No. I-I-... I unders-stand...\" It was then that everyone knew that Walliwitz was right. Butch's chair scraped the floor as he got up from his seat and decided to leave them. \"Wh-Where ya goin', Butch?\" asked Frank. He opened the door and replied, \"...I kinda need ta be alone fer a while.\" and he exited the car and went to his office Cole had set up for him a while back. As soon as he thought he was alone and that everything was quiet, he pulled out a photo of a woman from his coat pocket. He gave a good look at it before he put it gently against his lips and muttered, \"I'm sorry, Angela... I really am...\" and he put it back in his pocket. He stood in the office in silence. Visions blurred through Blake's head. She saw different people; many of whom she does not even know. Events spun around her that either had not happened yet or that had hapened and that she does not remeber them, such as a monsterous cross of a spider and a scorpion tearing through the roof of a train car, a black demon entity, her uncle Joe's eyes glowing blue, and a black, red eyed monster grinning demonically. Then she saw visions of Butch. \"...D-Dad...?\" she muttered. The next few visions were of Frank; and somehow, she felt relieved to see him and to know that he was alright. \"Frank...\" she muttered happily. There was another vision. This time, it was of a woman. She seemed to be a young woman of no older than twenty-five. She had beautiful maroon eyes with the exception of her right eye being a quarter blue, her face was round and Blake could see that her smile was just as beautiful. She wore gold hoop earrings on both ears. Her hair was long and the color was identical to Blake's. She wore a white off-the-shoulder blouse with long puffy sleeves, a brief v-cut neckline, and a slit through the arms; her skirt was long and black tinted with purple. Around her waist was a purple sash. Her skin was fairly tan. The woman whispered, \"Rose... Rose you were so loved. Mommy loves you.\" The woman looked down from her and continued, \"Your father would have loved you, too, puer meus. I wish he were here to see you.\" The woman looked back at Blake with a smile. \"Wh-who are you?\" Blake asked. The woman spoke as if she didn't hear her. \"Rose, you have to live. You must escape from this damnation, find your father, and free our souls all together.\" A tear fell down her face, a glow appeared behind the woman as she finished, \"I give you my final words: Et aliter seni, et securus, Rose...\" A voice much deeper cried out, \" MORS MIHI AD TE! \" A bright flash consumed the whole room and the last thing Blake heard was a scream. Blake snapped her eyes open as she awakened with a start. She was sweating like crazy and breathing hard. She sat up straight but cringed from a shot of pain on her side. She grunted once she was up. She rubbed her head and felt something that probably wasn't supposed to be there; horse poop. She muttered, \"Eew\" and rubbed it off on whatever was cushioning her. She slowly stood up and took a look around her, wondering where she was. Just as she took a step forward, she stopped immediately and gasped. \"Oh my God!\" Blake found herself on some sort of platform looking over a canyon. As much as she wanted to know where she was, she just wanteed to get down from there; heights were another one of her fears. She looked around and found a ladder. She scaled down it and examined the area around her. She then spotted a pilar of smoke coming from the west. So she took off towards the smoke. Blake scurried down the small slope and at the foot of a camp. She examined the camp and noted the dying flames, her coat all laid out along with her hat, her guns and knife placed neatly on the rock bed, and some... Native American items right next to her stuff. Blake then spooted a canteen from the corner of her eye and immediately dashed towards it, gulping last every drop of refreshing water. Blake felt relieved as she pourd some of it on her. The water was a little wam due to the heat, but that didn't matter right now. Suddenly, she heard someone chanting in the distance. She turned to the sourse and saw an Indian (Comanche, she assumed) with a dead crow on his head. His face was painted white except for the black stripes going from his forehead, around his eyes and down his jaw, the lines went around his lips she noticed. She saw that he had numerous other Comanche totems and items. The Comanche looked like he was talking to her bird. Blake slowly grabbed her knife and decided to approach the Indian while he was distracted. Blake set her knife in her hand. She was just half a yard away from the Indain when he stopped talking to Japhet and started talking directly to Blake. \"If you are going to sneak up on an Indian, best do it down wind,\" the Native said. Blake dropped her gurad and replied, \"The hell's that supposed ta mean? Why are ya talkin' to m' bird?\" The Native turned is head to her and said, \"Like coyote, it is best to sneak up on buffalo quietly, and with stealth.\" He answered her second question, \"As for bird: My grandfather once spoke of a time when Man could speak to Animals. I spoke to Bird-\" he turned to Japhet, \"-...And I cannot tell if Bird is stupid... or pretending to be stupid.\" He then muttered, \"Nature... Seems to be out of balance.\" She raised her eyebrows and muttered, \"Alright...\" She spoke up again, \"W'll... Can ya explain why I'm covered in dirt an' horse shit?\" The Comanche man replied, \"Doctor almost buried you. I- ... I recovered you. The horse just did his business.\" Blake noted his hesitation but ignored it and asked, \"W-W'll then why am I alive?\" The Native man took a while to answer. When he thought of his answer, he told her, \"Bird has told me that you are a Spiritwalker-\" \"A... What ?\" Blake interupted. Tonto continued as if he didn't hear her, \"One who has gone to the Other Side... And returned.\" Blake didn't know what to say about that. Just then, another voice spoke up from behind. \"It's kinda hard to explain,\" the voice said. Blake jumped and turned around and found the same man in the black mask from earlier. She looked up to him after noting his badge; the star of the Texas Rangers. But the last thing she heard from Butch was that he and the gang had killed them all. But that wasn't what came out of her mouth. \"What's with th' mask?\" she asked. The man rolled his eyes and replied, \"You asked me that two nights ago.\" Blake gave him a confused look and tilted her head. The masked man said, \"W-We'll explain later.\" ... ... ... Later that night, the Comanche, the masked man, Blake, and Davison gathered around the fire. Davison got to explain to Blake that he had to pack his tent and his belongings and had excused himself for his absense for the majority of the day. Blake accepted his apology. Tonto spoke up to the group, \"There come a time when one has to face their past and fears, and destroy them. I spent twenty-six years finding Wendigo.\" Somehow, Blake knew who he was talking about; \"Butch...\" she muttered. Blake looked up to the Indian and asked, \"Why you after him?\" Tonto replied, \"Wendigo killed my people. Killed out of greed.\" Blake had never heard about this from Butch. \"Butch never mentioned anythin' 'bout killin' off a whole tribe, let alone yours,\" Blake commented. John turned to her and added angrily, \"Did he ever mention that he killed an entire possee o' Rangers?\" Blake pointed a finger to him and replied, \"Look. I don' take no sympathy towards you Rangers, but I tol' him it was a bad idea ta kill off all ya Rangers!\" \"So you knew about the attack?\" Blake rolled her eyes and replied, \"Okay. Maybe I did, but I wa'n't involved in th' attack whatsoever!\" \"But that still makes you a part o' the murder!\" Blake fell silent. John felt like he wanted to give Blake a dirty look, but instead he muttered, \"But you are right. You weren't technichally part of his scheme... But you are still an outlaw, kid.\" Blake looked right into his eyes and said, \"Aren't you one as well...?\" As Blake said that, he thought about himself. Is he one...? \"What makes you say that?\" John asked. Blake looked at him and said, \"Cuzz I know what's really goin' on wit' Cole an' them Union boys... An' trust me, they ain't nothin' but a buncha backstabbin' corrupt liars...\" \"She's right,\" Davison added. \"I know first hand one of the most evil people I have come across with.\" \"My uncle Joe?\" \"That's correct.\" \"Wait- Are you telling me that Cole an' this Joe guy are behind the whole mining operation?! In the Comanche territory?\" John asked. Blake and Davison exchanged glances with eachother, looked back at John and nodded. Tonto glanced over in surprise. \"The White Man is seemingly more cursed than expected,\" he muttered. John looked to the ground in disbelief. \"Ta think that he would keep his word on stayin' outta Indian territory... Why would he do tha'?!\" John said aloud. \"Cuzz th' guy's a total greedbag,\" Blake replied. \"I suggest that you need assistance,\" Tonto said. Blake turned to him. \"Whaddya mean?\" she asked. Tonto replied, \"You must take justice for what has been taken from you. But you cannot do it alone.\" The native took a necklace from his pouch and tossed it to her over the fire. She caught it without taking her eyes off of him. The necklace held a crystal encased in thin wire with a little red bead in the middle. The beads were different shades of brown with ivory bewteen every fifth sand colored bead. There were two feathers surrounding both sides of the crystal. \"I am Tonto. The last of the Wendigo hunters. Kemosabe-\" he motioned his hand to John Reid \"-is also seeking justice for his brother's death.\" Blake looked at Tonto silently before standing up and saying, \"Alrigh'. Ya know wha'? I don' need yer all's help.\" She walked over to Tonto and returned the necklace to him. \"I appreciate it, but I think I can handle it m'self!\" She turned and started to put her boots back on. \"Wha- Where do you think you're going?\" Davison asked. \"I'm goin' back, an' gettin' m' gang back together! That's what!\" she replied rudely. Tonto warned her, \"I would not do that if I were you.\" She turned her head and asked, \"An' yer point?\" \"They all think you're dead,\" John told her. Blake immediately realized what he said and slumped her shoulders. He was right. That didn't even come to her mind. She slwoly came back to the camp and muttered, \"Then whaddya wan' me to do...?\" Tonto then not only pulled out the necklace she returned but he also pulled out what appears to be a bandana. He tossed the items to her and watched her take the items apart. She saw that the bandana had teeth print on them. \"The bandana keeps your identity hidden, as well as keeping true to your other name \" Night Demon \". The necklace was made by gypsies. They say it brings good luck to the bearer,\" Tonto told her. Blake held up the bandana and uttered, \"Ya want me- Ta were a bandana like a mask?\" Tonto simply nodded. She dropped her arm and held the necklace close to her. For some reason, it brought tears to her eyes. It was as if it was a long lost item of hers. And then she thought about Butch and her gang. \"The mask will keep your identity hidden. The men you seek- and the ones you care about- think you are dead, as well. Better to stay that way,\" Tonto said to her. Blake lowered her head; Japhet sat in her shoulder and nudged his head against her cheek to make her feel any better. Blake grinned a little and rubbed her finger against his head. \"What's your deal with Butch, Blake...?\" John asked out of curiousity. Blake looked to him and quietly said, \"He's... Kinda like m' father.\" \"...You miss him, doncha...?\" Blake nodded. \"Yeah...\" The camp was silent. \"Wonder how he an' th' boys 're doin'?\" she wondered out loud. ... ... ... \"I'm sorry, Angela... I really am...\" Butch thought about this sentence after he had completely ransacked the office out of rage. He sat on the floor by the side of the desk, his hand covering his wet face. He was shaking uncontrollably as he was crying. He whimpered small apologetic sentences, knowing that his actions were not what Angela would have wanted fom him. \"I-I knew I shouldn've let th' both o' you inta this...! I-If I woulda k-known tha' y'all would end up dead...\" Butch then proceeded to bury his face in his arms and his sobs became heavier. \"Oh God, I'm so sorry! This whole thing's my fault!\" he uttered. As he cried, he didn't catch the feeling that there was another presence in the car. \"Butch...?\" He caught his breath. He thought he was crazy when he heard the sound of a woman; but he wasn't. Butch could have sworn the voice belonged to whom he thought was his former lover; but it wasn't: it was Rebecca. \"Butch. I know yer in here...,\" she said. Butch brought his knees closer to him and, with a shaky breath, asked her, \"Whaddya want , woman...?!\" Rebecca hesitated on her reply. What did she want? Why was she even trying to console him? In fact, why would anyone want to comfort an outlaw like him? Rebecca shook off those questions and gave her answer, \"I just wanted to tell you that I'm sorry for your loss.\" Butch felt his heart skip a beat. He never heard a woman like her—or any person for that matter—say that they were sympathetic for a loss to a guy like him. \"Why you sayin' tha'?\" he asked. Rebecca replied, \"I... I just felt like I needed to say somethin'.\" The car fell silent. \"Why doncha come out?\" she pleaded. Butch didn't move for a few seconds, but then he put his hat back on and lowered the brim to where it covered his eyes. He took a deep shaky breath, stood up, and turned to Rebecca. He kept his head low and turned his head away from her as she walked up to him. \"Butch?\" Rebecca muttered. She then cupped his face with one hand and brushed a tear that was rolling down his cheek. Butch impulsively placed his hand on top of hers. \"Yeah...?\" he replied. \"You know her death wasn't your fault,\" she said. The two sat down on the desk, Butch never making eye contact with Rebecca. \"She's gone an'... There's just nothing you can do about it.\" \"I've heard tha' one time too many...\" The car fell silent again. \"It seemed to me tha' she was like your daughter.\" Butch turned his head and had his grey-blue eyes on Rebecca's blue-green eyes. \"Am I right?\" she asked. They looked into their eyes for quite sometime before Butch looked away and replied, \"I found out from her tha' she was born on the same day tha' this woman I used ta love died. I though' tha' maybe she had some sorta connection to th' woman... But I guess tha' don't help much...\" Upon hearing that, Rebecca didn't know what to say. \"I-... I'm so sorry,\" was all that could come out of her mouth. Butch shook his head and said, \"That's wha' they all say. But it ain't gonna help shit...\" More silence. \"I know ya don' mean that,\" she muttered as she brushed a strain of black hair behind Butch's ear and rested her head on his shoulder. Butch blushed. And he was speechless. Sure he did say all sorts of harsh things- But she was actually right. He took a hold of her hand, grinned softly and said, \"I say all sorts of crazy shit... But yer right.\" Butch scooted a little closer to her and finished, \"Anytime I listen to the voices inside m' head, ev'rybody listens... It's not what it seems.\" ((A.N.: Oh my God, you guys! I completey apologize for not updating this as I thought! ;n; I've just been super busy with finishing high school finals, graduation, getting my house prepped up for the party and all that crazy shit! *face desks numerous times* But anyway-! 8D Seems as though we have a little ButchxBecca fluff at the end here because I am just that creative! *throws some pillow fluff to you readers* Here- Have some fluff! Oh- And what Butch said at the end is quoted from Alice In Chains's most recent song Voices that I kinda tweeked a bit. It's really awesome! I totally recommend it! (The song may most likely be used in an upcoming chapter. Stay tuned!) Oh I almost forgot: There were some Latin in this chapter. Lemme give y'all the translations ^^ *Mors Mihi Ad Te : Death I do to you *Et aliter seni, et securus : Be strong and stay safe If there's anyone out there who knows Latin better than me (I used a translator app on my ipad so I'm not entirely sure if it's accurate or not) please tell me and correct me on the translations XD Thank you! Next chapter should be up hopefully soon!))[Chapter 25] \"For you, my lord!\" exclaimed Joe, giving the demon man a goblet. The goblet contained a single drop of blood that was Blake's and mixed it with wine. No one else could pick up the taste of blood but Seth. Seth waited for Joe at his alter bowing his head and muttered, \"You offering had better please me.\" Joe bowed his head. He muttered, \"It will be just the way you like it for master Vladimir.\" Once Joe finished the concoction, he kept his head hung low and muttered a blessing. Once he finished, Joe turned to Seth and gave him the goblet. Joe and Cole then raised their own glasses of whiskey and Joe gave a toast. \"For our Lord Vladimir Dracula! May he rise again from his eternal punishment!\" he declared. \"Here here!\" Latham said in reply. Seth just nodded quickly. The men took a quick sip of the whiskey and watched Seth slowly drink his concoction. Seth put the goblet away from his mouth and took the time to taste the drink. \"Well? Enjoy it?\" asked Joe. Seth didn't reply. The drink seemed... No. The blood. The blood was what didn't seem to taste right. It wasn't mundane nor was it magi. Seth felt as though he had been cheated. \"Think you could take me for a fool...?\" Seth muttered. Joe raised an eyebrow and asked, \"What did you say?\" Seth angrily raised his voiced and said, \"You lied to me!\" and he threw the goblet right between Joe and Cole. The two men flinched by his sudden anger. \"For goodness sake, what on earth was that for?!\" Cole asked. Seth pointed a finger shakily at Joe and said, \"There is absolutely no trace of full mundane in this child! You sold me a half-blood !\" Joe was confused by what Seth had just informed him about. \"A-A half-blood? How's that possible?!\" \"You LIAR !\" With that, Seth lunged at Joe and pinned him against the wall by his throat. He started to choke him. \"You think you were so clever as to bring me false information on the child-\" \" I DON'T UNDERSTAND WHAT YOU AE TALKING ABOUT! \" Seth glared his now ruby eyes at him and hissed, \"This girl is a half-blood. She's half magi, half outlaw...!\" Joe looked at Cole, who only shrugged by the answer, back to Seth and muttered, \"H-How can you tell?\" Seth dropped Joe and paced back and forth. He stopped and said, \"I realized that she had to have gotten her abilities from one of her parents. The other one doesn't know squat about magic.\" Joe picked himself up and Cole asked, \"Does that mean-\" \"She is, indeed, adopted, if that's what you were about to say,\" Seth finished. \"Actually- No. She was taken from her mother, shortly after the mother's death,\" corrected Seth. \"Taken?\" Cole said, \"What do ya mean? She's not technically adopted? Is that it?\" Seth turned to Latham and replied, \"That is... actually a difficult question to answer.\" Joe shrugged and said, \"Alright, well, could you identify the blood parent of the girl?\" Seth nodded. \"Certainly...\" he said plainly. \"It is, however, tragic, if you ask me...\" ... ... ... \"Seventeen years ago, a young woman—gypsy from what I can tell— worked as a servant girl for the Thuuman family. While the family was nothing but drunken bastards, they seemed to treat the woman fairly. Around autumn, the woamn got permission to return to her own family with her pay. She never did come back after that. As she returned to her clan, a group of the gypsy's foot soldiers brought home two men whom theybelieved had passed out from the desert heat. The sages were able to nurse them back to health; it was there, one of them— he was the younger of the two— laid eyes on her, and fell in love with the woman. As soon as the woman saw him- well you get the scenario. The men were about to leave the next week, but it turns out the horses had somehow ran off and never came back. So, naturally, the men had no choice but to stay with the tribe. As time went on, about six months in with the unfortunate luck of finding no compatible horse—the gypsies had to do this all by trade, mind you—the younger outlaw grew closer to the woman. Soon enough, the two got quite busy— if you know what I mean~. Two weeks after this, the woman suddenly asked the younger outlaw if she could come with him and the older man. Though surprised, he nevertheless agreed. She never did tell them why she wanted to come along with them. Anyway, when the gypsies found two horses for silks and other goods, the men and the woman were well on their way out. While the men were out doing god knows what sort of tomfoolery, the gypsy woman had to choose how she would tell the younger outlaw of her pregnancy. By the fifteenthth week of her pregnancy, mercenaries hired by the Thuuman family raided their camp, took the woman, and knocked the living lights out of the younger outlaw. Upon his awake, the young outlaw had no recollection of the attack. Th older one, however, told him that the woman had been taken far away from them. By then, twenty-three weeks later, he found the woman dead but never was able to find the baby—in fact: he never even knew about the baby. Years later, he regrets having to make that choice and wishes he could take it all back.\" ... ... ... Once Seth finished, Cole immediately realized that something about this story seemed too awfully familiar. \"Now when you said 'gypsy woman', did you catch her name by any chance? You know— th-the mother?\" Seth recollected his thoughts and replied, \"I believe it was Angela. But I never caught the last name...\" Cole paced a little, trying to remember anything about the woman. Joe watched silently. \"You know something, Latham?\" Joe asked. Cole shrugged and replied, \"I think. It's a little vague but I—\" Cole snapped his fingers and beamed. \"HAVENER! Angela Havener was her name!\" Seth grinned in reply and said, \"Ah! That was it! Havener!\" Joe added, \"Well if you know the mother- then who's the father?\" Seth immediately frowned at Joe. Joe gave the demon a confused look. \"What? Was it something I said?\" he said in a worried tone. Seth looked at the men and simply said, \"You really are ignorant, are you?\" And with that, he turned around and disappeared into the shadows. Joe and Latham stared at each other, puzzled. ((Yikes. This was possibly the shortest chapter I've ever written in all of the fic XP that and I've been having some really writers block when I wrote this. But that's good (I think) because this chapter's kinda foreshadowing something in the future chapters! ;) I wish I could've written more for this but- dammit. Hate writers block... Well, anyhoo: Gotta go back to my next chapter! Laters! 3 -Veta-Chan))[Chapter 26] Butch started to toss and turn in his sleep. He cringed as well. ... ... ... His vision was foggy. He couldn't even see his hands from an arms length away. Suddenly, a voice called out: \"Butch?!\" He searched for the source of the sound but the fog was too dense for him. He heard it echo again, \"Butch, where are you?!\" he quickly recognized the voice: Angela. \"ANGELA?!\" he yelled back. He ran to where he thought the voice was coming from. The fog immediately parted and a curled up figure of Angela appeared in front of him. His jaw nearly dropped when he saw how beaten she looked. He held back the tears as he rushed to Angela's side. \"A-Angela?\" She looked up to him; his heart skipped a beat at the sight. Her lustrous light blonde hair was in a complete mess, her right eye (her beautiful half rusty-half baby blue eye) has a huge scar by it, her clothes were partially torn, and bruises covered most of her tan body. His bottom lip quivered and he brought Angela closer to him. Angela returned the embrace and buried her face in his chest. \"Wh-What th' hell happened?!\" he asked. Angela told him through her crying, \"They-They found out...!\" \"Who did?!\" \"The-\" Angela was then dragged out of his arms screaming. \"ANGELA!\" Butch screamed. But it was too late. She was gone. \"NO!\" Butch froze in shock. How could this happen to him? He wanted answers; and he wanted them now. \"Whaddya want from me?! TELL ME!\" he yelled into the emptiness. Suddenly, another voice cried out: \"Help me!\" Butch turned to the source of that voice. The fog cleared and he found himself on the roof of a train. \"Wha' the...?\" he muttered. The voice cried out again, \"Butch help me!\" He quickly recognized the voice: Blake. He turned around and saw Blake hanging onto the top window sill with all her strength. \"B-Butch! Help me!\" she pleaded. Butch got down on the ground and held his hand out as far as he could. \"Blake, grab on!\" he ordered. Blake reached up as much as she could. Her eyes then caught something right behind Butch. \"Butch! Behind you!\" she warned him. Before Butch could react, he felt something pull him back. \"I don't think so!\" the voice said from behind. He turned his head and saw the face of Joe. He then heard a gun go off and he looked back and watched Blake fall into an abyss. \"NO!\" Butch cried. Tears filled his eyes as he angrily turned back to Joe. \"You son ova...\" he hissed. Joe smiled at him. The smile, however, appeared demonic. The Spaniard then started to laugh- and in a creepy demonic way. Butch's face became terrified when Joe transformed into a sick demonic cross of a spider and a scorpion. Joe then raised his pincer and hit Butch off the train. He screamed as the darkness consumed him. … … … Butch suddenly woke up in a cold sweat. He panted heavily. He looked outside the window and guessed that it ws at least 2 in the morning. Butch got out of bed, put his boots back on, readjusted his pants and buttoned a few buttons on his shirt. He left the car and climbed up the ladder and sat on the roof before noticing a dark figure sitting a couple yards away from him. He squinted and saw that it was Scuzz. ~Who am I, is this me? Am I one or thirteen?~ Butch quietly approached the scuzzy outlaw. Scuzz looked up to him; he looked like hell from what Butch could tell. \"Y'alrigh', son?\" he asked. Scuzz just stared at him blankly and slowly shook his head. Butch sighed through his nose and told him to wait there. 'Not like I'm going anywhere...' Scuzz thought. A few minutes later, Butch returned. \"Didn' see ya at dinner, so ya better eat up,\" he told Scuzz handing him half a loaf of bread with a bottle of whiskey. Butch took the other half of the loaf and opened the other whiskey bottle he had brought along. Scuzz slowly opened his bottle. ~I've gone cold, hard to deal Used to stand where I kneel~ \"How long 'ave you been up here for?\" Butch asked. Scuzz nibbled on the bread and muttered, \"Not... too long...\" \"What've you been doin'?\" He shrugged. \"Thinkin'...\" Butch noticed he didn't stutter; he assumed Scuzz could not do it in short spurts. Nonetheless, he nodded. \"I can understand tha',\" he replied. ~Everybody listen Voices in my head Everybody listen Does yours say what mine says?~ The two men sat there in silence. Butch kept picking at small pieces of bread and taking small sips of whiskey. \"I'm guessin' you havin' trouble sleepin' as well?\" he asked. Scuzz nodded. Butch continued, \"I can understand you.\" Scuzz turned his head slightly towards Butch. \"Losin' a fiance an' a kid at th' same time, losin' yer boss. That's kinda rough on ya, ain't it?\" Scuzz nodded and said, \"I've... Been havin'... Some difficulty tryin'... to understand why things... Like this happen to us...\" \"No doubt about it.\" Suddenly, Butch realized Scuzz didn't even studder. He turned his gaze towards the New Englander, who was still nibbling on the bread. He raised a finger at him and said, \"...Did- Did you not stutter like ya usually do?\" ~I want more, than I need I don't know what is real~ Scuzz kept his eyes forward and remained silent. \"...Ever... Since Blake died... I... Took it upon myself... To stop... Stuttering... Now... I... Can only... pause in bet...ween words an' sentences,\" was his response. \"I... Wish I... Could just speak...Normally...\" ~Everybody listen Voices in my head Everybody listen Does yours say what mine says?~ Butch didn't know what to say. He only sat there in silence. \"A-An' you know... What?\" Butch looked at the man, raised eyebrows. \"...Sometimes... I wish... P-People would just... Just listen ta wha' I... Gotta s...say fer once!\" Butch decided then he couldn't help but feel bad for Scuzz. \"It all ain't yer fault, Scuzz,\" Butch muttered. Scuzz quickly turned to Butch. He was puzzled by his comment. \"What... What do ya mean?\" he asked. ~Anytime I listen Voices in my head Everybody listen Does yours say what mine says?~ Butch shrugged and replied, \"I mean. It ain't yer fault you were born wit' tha'. An' shit, I don' see why ya gotta let people beat th' shit outta ya.\" Scuzz then shook his head and said, \"Well... To be honest... I... Wasn't really born wit'... It.\" \"Meanin'?\" \"Meanin'... I... I kinda developed it. Had... Had anxiety problems, lead to... Accident in New York... With work I mean. Never... Never bothered to... Check out a d...octor.\" \"Why not?\" Scuzz shook his head and replied, \"I... I was afraid... They'd put me... In an a...ssylum. I... heard stories... 'bout them. They... They sure s...scared th' shit outta me.\" ~Whispering of names, faces Uniforms I've worn And all that is gone Always climbing~ Butch stayed silent until he gave his opinion. \"I would' say I blame ya.\" \"Wha'... Wha' do ya mean?\" Butch chuckled a little and replied, \"I was once like ya, boy. Younger, really didn' give a damn 'bout nothin'. I've had my bad times, too.\" He took a swig of whiskey and continued, \"I got drafted into th' damn Union army wit' Cole— That's how I knew 'im. 'nyway, in there, all I can tell ya 'bout th' army is— It ain't nothin' but hell raisin' all over th' place.\" Scuzz kept listening as he ate some more of his bread and drank a little more whiskey. \"W'll, wha' I'm meanin' ta say is— I never had a perfect life. Jes' like you. Like all o' us.\" \"Even... Blake?\" Butch hesitantly nodded. \"Yeah. Even her...\" ~To fall down again Holding onto everything It's not what it seems~ The two were silent. They then similtaneously looked up to the stars. \"Ever wonder... Wha' they meanin'... Ta tell us?\" Scuzz asked. Butch didn't hesitate to shake his head and reply, \"I don'... Really believe in tha' sorta bullshit. Ya know me.\" Scuzz continued as if he had completely ignored Butch's comment. \"I kinda... See it as th'... Souls of th' ones b'fore... Us.\" Butch quickly looked away from them and fought back a tear in his eye. ~I've been told, dreaming's free Think I'll go back to sleep~ \"You okay?\" Butch turned to Scuzz. He quickly wiped his eye and muttered, \"Yeah. I'm fine...\" The men fell silent once more. Scuzz broke it by asking Butch, \"Wha'... Made ya decided... Ta be a... Uh, y'know... You?\" ~Everybody listen Voices in my head Everybody listen Does yours say what mine says?~ Butch had to gather his memories before he told the scuzzy outlaw his story. \"Honestly... All I can tell ya is: I was once like ya...\" \"Ever since m' ranch got attacked by Indians years ago, I though m' life was over. That was until I met up wit' Latham. We got ourselves inta alotta touble wit' th' law. At bars, whether they had a fight club, he'd bet on me an' that's how he got his money business started. All I ever did was beat other men outta en'ertainment. I took an upper cut to th' mouth wit' a knife an' that's how I ended up wit' this nasty ol' scar o' mine-\" he pointed to the scar on his lip and continued, \"-I also ended up loosin' m' tooth. Cole managed ta replace it wit' a silver one. 'nyway, we ended up droppin' th' whole fight club deal and left that. We ended up diggin' out silver outta this river an Indian boy told us about...\" He buried his face in his hands after he finished that last sentence. ~Anytime I listen Voices in my head Everybody listen Does yours say what mine says?~ \"What... Happened...?\" Butch didn't move. \"I... I mean... At th' river?\" Butch didn't feel like talking about it so he told him, \"It's... Somethin' I kinda regret doin'.\" Scuzz nodded. The men were silent once more. \"Ya know... You... You were l...ike a father... To her,\" Scuzz muttered. Butch turned to him puzzled. \"Whaddya-\" Scuzz put a hand up to make him stop talking. He continued, \"Ya know wha'... I mean.\" ~Calling out the names, faces Uniforms I've worn And all that is gone Always climbing~ He shook his head and continued, \"She... She was abused... By her parents. Fer... Fer years- She never... got ta... Feel any sorta... Parental care. All she... Was was a... Screwed up kid. You... You were th'... Only one ta... Ta really care... For her. I... I don' pers'nally think... She woulda say some...thin' like this but... It had... really meant alot ta her.\" Scuzz got up and stopped behind Butch, put his hand on his shoulder, and muttered in his ear, \"You shoul' never blame yerself fer all tha' you had lost...\" and he left. Butch's lip quivered and he let a tear fall down his cheek. Scuzz was right. ~To fall down again Holding onto everything It's not what it seems~ ((As you can tell, this chapter was, yet again, inspired by a song. The song's called Voices by Alice in Chains (Really awesome song! Totally recommend it if you like grunge/rock.) Butch's story was kinda my headcanon on how he got the infamous scar and how he and Latham started their hell-raising actions. So yeah... Well if you lovely reader will excuse me, I shall be off into the next chapter! Buh-bye! *Markiplier voice*))[Chapter 27] \"So, exactly why are we here, again?\" Blake asked, her mask covering her face except her eyes. The squad had just taken a day and a half long journey back to a circus freak show called Hell on Wheels. For Davison, it was a bit of a fright to see; to Blake, it had no affect on her whatsoever to see all these \"freaks\". Tonto replied plainly, \"Must find Red again.\" John simplified it to them, \"He means that she might know something more about our Joe guy.\" Blake shrugged and said, \"Sounds good ta me.\" They haven't even reached the man with the skeleton puppet before they saw a Presbyterian preacher yelling out remarks about God's punishment to the freak show. John cringed when the preacher got closer to them when he started yelling out, \"Evil. EVIL !\" \"Crazy nut...,\" Blake muttered. The gang found the brothel and was greeted by a large bearded black man named Homer wearing only a vest, hat and pants. They got off their horses and went inside the tent. \"You two again?!\" the man suddenly said. Davison and Blake turned to John and Tonto and raised an eyebrow. \"Look. We need to see Red again! It's... Pretty important-\" \"What's important is you all leavin' th' place right now before them religious folks see you again!\" John lifted his hand up in annoyance and argued, \"No. You don' understand! I said it wa important!\" \"And I said-\" Blake suddenly stretched her arm out and let Japhet walk out as far as her hand, leaned forward to Homer's face and glared angrily into his eyes. With her skull printed mask and heterochromiac eyes, her death glare was enough to make a grown man cower in fear. \"You don' let us in, I'm gonna let th' eagle do wha' he wants!\" she threatened. He shuddered. \"Wha- Wha's tha' bird gon do?\" Japhet held up a dead rat in his talons, looked at it, and turned back to Homer; he swore he saw the bird smirk. Homer became terrified and allowed them in and told them to follow him. He kept an eye on Blake and Japhet. The brothel was filled with drunk men, plenty of whores to go around, stage dancers, and many other oddities. \"Sheesh... Guess I know why they call this place 'Hell on Wheels'...,\" Blake muttered. \"Are all these women, you'd say, \"professional\"?\" Davison asked. Tonto nodded and replied, \"Sickness and greed install in the hearts of people...\" Davison turned to an elderly woman, probably not much older than him and asked, \"And her?\" Tonto turned to the woman, nooded and said, \"Her too.\" The woman held up a knitted corset top and grinned. Davison shuddered from the sight. Homer hurriedly ran up the stairs and approached Red Herrington. Red looked up from her paperwork and noticed Homer sweating like a dog. \"What's with you, Homer?\" she asked. Homer just simply told her, \"S-Some visitors, m-ma'ame!\" and he let the gang through and went away avoiding Blake and Japhet. Blake giggled when she glanced at Homer and when he squeaked a little. John tipped his hat to Red and muttered, \"Hello again!\" Red turned to the gang and saw Blake with her mask. \"What's with the mask?\" she asked. John and Tonto turned their heads to Blake. She noticed them and quickly came up with her story. \"Oh, uh. I have some... Deformities, y'know?\" \"Deformities?\" Red asked suspiciously. \"Y'know... Tha' an' some... Horrible burns! Like- Fire accident-wise, y'know?\" Red took a god look at her before saying, \"Poor darlin'...\" but her tone sounded uninterested. She then took a look at Japhet and grinned asking her, \"Lovely bird ya got there. What is he?\" Japhet walked out to Blake's out-stretched hand and said, \"He's a golden eagle. But I've never seen any animal look li'e him in m' life.\" Japhet bowed his head and let Red brush her finger against his head. \"He's seems very tame for such a big bird like him,\" she commented. Japhet chirped cheerfully and ruffled his feathers. Red chuckled, \"He seems happy...!\" After an awkward silence, John spoke again. \"Oh! And this is Dr. Davison.\" Davison's name really grabbed Red's attention. \"Davison?! Ambrose Davison?\" she asked. Davison stepped forward, tipped his hat, and greeted her, \"It's been a very long time now, hasn't it?\" Red grinned and replied, \"At least ten years, Doctor...!\" John and Tonto glanced at Blake and she muttered, \"I knew they knew each other. Jes' don' know the whole story...\" Red heard Blake and said, \"Why don' y'all step inta my office?\" Seconds later, the gang entered Red's office. \"Yeah, I knew Davison back when. He took care of m' little brother Jacob,\" Red explained. \"He went through a huge traumatic experience in the past.\" \"Traumatic?\" \"Wha' happened?\" Red and Davison looked at each other and back at John and Blake. Red sighed and replied, \"It's complicated...\" \"Whaddya mean...?\" Red sighed and said, \"He... He had this thing called amnesia.\" \"What's that...?\" Davison chimed in saying, \"Jake had memory loss.\" Blake and John did not know what to say to that answer. \"God, I'm... I'm sorry, Red...,\" Blake said. Red shook her head saying, \"It's alrigh'. He's doin' better since I last saw him.\" \"When was that?\" \"When he joined tha' Blake girl's gang.\" Tonto looked at Blake and made a face that said, \"That you, Spiritwalker...!\" Blake saw him and gave him a look in her eyes that said, \"Like I didn't know that, genius!\" \"What did he want?\" Red asked. Blake turned back to Red and replied, \"Oh, uh, he thinks I know her.\" \"Oh?\" \"But she's dead,\" John retaliated. Blake winked at him as if she said, \"Nice save!\" Red turned to John and seemed surprised by the news. \"Really?\" she said. They nodded. \"How'd that happen?\" John replied, \"She was killed by a family member.\" Red raised an eyebrow. \"Accident?\" she asked. Davison shook his head and answered, \"No, dear.\" This made Red even more suspicious. \"W'll then what happened?\" she asked turning to get glasses for whiskey. \"Jose 'Joe' Montezuma...,\" Blake simply said, \"He killed her...\" Red was lucky the gang didn't see her face. She dropped the glasses and they shattered. Tonto turned to the sound of the broken glasses. Blake asked the madame, \"Uh, Red, you okay?\" and cocked her head. Red turned to the gang in surprise. \"Did... Did you say- Joe Montezuma ?\" she asked sternly. Unable to form words, Blake just shook her head. Red turned away from them and stared off into space. \"R-Red? Are you alright, dear?\" Davison asked. The office was silent until Red spoke again. \"That Spaniard was the reason Butch had done this to me...\" she said quietly, making a motion to her prosthetic ivory leg. Blake though it didn't make sense. \"W-Why's that?\" she asked. She couldn't recall any moment of Butch's mentioning of having a relationship with Red at all. Red replied, \"Joe promised me he wouldn't tell Butch about my relationship with a man named Dan Reid-\" \"D-Dan?\" John repeated. Red grinned a little and commented, \"Nice man; such a gentleman.\" Her expression reset and continued, \"Anyway, he escorted Dan here many years ago- I think before yer time, darling-\" she said to Blake, \"-And when I took Dan, I made Joe swear that if he ever saw Butch to not say a single word about us…\" \"Then...your leg…\" Red hesitated. \"The animal needs ta pay for what he did to me…\" she muttered. Blake looked up to a painting behind Red. She realized that Red used to be a ballerina sometime in her past; but why would Butch have anything to do with the end of her dance career? He never mentioned anything about Red (if so, just by name). \"That why ya got that leg o' yers?\" Blake asked. Red nodded. Blake felt a little shocked. She never knew anything else about Butch's past other than his home got raided by Indians. \"Never told me anythin' 'bout you…\" Blake muttered under her breath. Red heard her and asked, \"Whatcha say, darlin'?\" Blake glanced up and replied, \"Oh. Nothin'. Jes' ramblin' on.\" Her eyes, from what Red could tell, were a little saddened. \"You sure?\" she asked. Blake nodded. The meeting was cut off short when Homer came barging in to her office. \"We gotta problem!\" was all he said. Red quickly turned to her secret peep hole in a wall facing the saloon. She spotted an angry mob of what looked like Presbyterian- Oh wait. It was the same group of Presbyterians that had barged into the brothel earlier. Red turned to the gang and said, \"Sorry to cut y'all short. But we better get goin'!\" ' Great. Now we gotta madame taggin' along with us… ,' Blake said mentally. The gang turned as the mob's shouts grew louder and louder. \"John. Tonto. Y'all take Red an' Davison out,\" Blake ordered turning to the door; Japhet perched into a defensive stance. \"W-What?! Are you crazy?! Yer gonna get killed!\" John warned. Blake smirked behind her mask. \"Trust me-\" a flame suddenly ignited in her hand, \"-I got this…!\" Red had a look of surprise when she saw the flame appear out of nowhere. \"What… What's she doin'?!\" she asked. Right when the mob appeared from the doors, Blake made a few hand gestures and the flame became her personal flamethrower. The fire became a swirling vortex, scaring the Presbyterians into calling Blake a \"witch\". The flames caught anything in its path on fire (but actually does no harm). While they were distracted, Blake turned around, snapped her fingers and opened a portal in the wall. \"In th' hole!\" she exclaimed. \"WHAT?!\" \"No time to explain!\" A bright flash of light blinded the Presbyterian mob and the flames went with the dying light. ((OH GOD GUYS! I am SO sorry for not uploading lately! I'm moved in to my new school, and with my swim season about to start up soon, I'm not gonna have too much time writing or uploading ;n; Again I'm sorry for lack of updates. the next chapter is in my Google docs account and I'll get on it as soon as possible. Thank you all for understanding! Until then, *in Markiplier voice* Bye-bye!))[Chapter 28] The next day, Latham Cole had gathered the citizens of Colby to not only announce the railroad's progress but also the news of Blake's \"death\" and his partnership with Joe. He ordered Butch, Frank, and the Sinners to stay behind in the train; they could only open a window in order to hear his speech. That day as well, Cole had the maid tailor a new suit for Butch, and newer outfits for the others. Scuzz's old, ragged and torn attire was replaced with a dark blue vest, an off-white shirt, belts, dark pants and polished boots. Freighter had a dark purple vest with a white shirt, two belts, and dark pants and boots as well. Jake refused a shirt but he did ask for a dark vest tinted with a purple-pink color (however, it was requested that he button the vest or else), dark pants and boots. Walliwitz was difficult to get tailored (not only because of his hunchback, but also because of his behavior problem); however, they were able to get him a moss green vest, an off-white shirt, an some overalls with dark boots. Edgar on the other hand, not only got a black suit identical to Cole's, but he recieved gold sleeve cuffs and a gold chain necklace, and a new cane with a gold handle. Frank refused and just had her wash his clothes along with the bonnett. The gang watched as Cole, Joe, and Seth stepped up by the podium. Freighter cracked the door open for them to listen. They all helped themselves to drinks while they awaited to hear what Cole had to say. The door on the other end opened and they turned to see Rebecca and Danny all dressed and clean. Rebecca stood by Butch and asked, \"What do ya think he's up to now?\" Butch just shook his head and replied, \"God knows...\" As the applause quieted down, Cole gave the people a smile and approached the podium and announced, \"My good citizens of Colby! I have terrific news!\" \"Here it comes...,\" muttered Butch. \"Our progress for the railroads is about to come to a close!\" Applause arose and then came to a halt. \"We will be done by the middle of next week, and there, we will have our locomotives up and running!\" \"Bullshit...,\" muttered Jake as he took a swig of whiskey. \"On top of that, I have something else to bring. I have just gotten word, that the notorious Blake Thuuman has been found dead!\" That made the crowds cheer. Butch and the gang hung their heads low. \"From my newest business partners, Mr. Jose \"Joe\" Montezuma, and Seth, who discovered her body, said that from the heavy feeling of guilt being weighed on her, she had decided to take her life by the noose!\" Oh did that make Butch snap his head up in anger. Rebecca saw him clench his fist because of this. \"God rest her soul...\" Cole's speech went on for about two more minutes before the crowd roared with cheers and applause. Cole and Joe tipped their hats and they stepped down along with Seth following them suit. Just as Cole had entered the train: \"What the HELL was that?!\" An angry Butch called out as he grabbed Cole by the neck almost strangling him. The gang quickly began pulling Butch away from Cole. \"Whoa whoa hey hey!\" \"Easy there, boss!\" \"Calm yer ass, ya ol' bastard!\" \"Please jes' stop!\" They successfully pulled him away and restrained him and allowed Cole to get some air back. \"Bartholomew! What the hell was that?!\" \"By hell ya know wha' I mean!\" \"Wh-What?!\" Butch struggled against the gang to attempt to punch Cole right in the face. \"Th' hell was all tha' fuckin' bullshit 'bout Blake for?!\" Cole gave Butch a baffled look. \"...You? You still care about the girl?\" Butch stopped struggling and the gang let him go. He turned his face away from Cole. He didn't say one word. \"... Why on earth would you- Of all people- still care about the death of a child? Blake's dead and there's just absolutely nothing you can do about it...!\" Butch looked at Cole right in the eyes; his glare spoke death. \"'Cuzz she's...-\" \"She's what ?\" \"... Like a daughter to me.\" Joe and Seth smirked and the gang remained silent while Cole became even more baffled. \"A- Daughter?\" Butch didn't move. \"Why?\" The car became as quiet as a graveyard. \"...Nevermind,\" Butch said finally. He turned and exited the car. \"Goddamn lyin' snake-faced motherfucker...,\" he cursed soundlessly, slamming the door behind him. ... ... ... Dusk was starting to arise across the Texas desert. The gang stopped and set up camp for the night. John and Tonto gathered fuel for the fire while Blake started it with a flame spell. Japhet and Tonto brought the gang their dinner. While the gang ate, Blake felt the need to ask about Red and Davison's past with each other, and about Jake's unspoken past. \"So. How exactly did you two know each other?\" Blake asked to Red and Davison. The two stopped eating and looked at each other. \"I-I mean- it's fine if none y'all wanna talk 'bout it. I was jes'-\" \"No. We'll tell you,\" Davison interrupted. Red looked at Davison and lowered her head saying, \"It's been such a long time, though...\" ... ... ... In 1853, my brother and I were on our way home from Texas. Our family lived in New York so we had to travel by train. The ride was going very smooth, nothing seemed to be life threatening… That was, until that happened. Something must've been on the rails, our train hit it, and it caused the trail to go off the tracks. I can't emphasize enough how awfully scared I was during and afterwards. Once the wreckage was cleared up after a few days, I didn't see my brother until afterwards. I found him in the hospital in a nearby town. I was relieved… until that moment. That moment, when I got to see him… He didn't know who I was. I… I thought he was joking, but he really acted like he never knew me… Or our family. I… I felt devastated. We tried everything to make him remember us. We finally made contact with a doctor up in the New England states. His name… It was Dr. Ambrose Davison. We sent Jake to his institute a few weeks later. Jacob came back home a year later. He wasn't cured or anything… something back at the institute triggered his memories again. His treatment was supposed to last longer than that but… … … … \"He broke out into a fight and where he got hit-\" Davison added pointing to his temple, \"-had knocked him out but he suddenly had remembered what had happened prior to the derailment.\" Blake and John sat there taking in all the information being said. Tonto just listened. Red smiled at Davison. \"Was a miracle he didn't get killed again,\" she commented. Davison nodded and replied, \"It's amazing what the brain can do, Ms. Herrington.\" \"So, basically, if it weren't fer Doc, Jake wouldn't've been here…?\" Blake asked. Red chuckled, \"That sounds about right.\" Tonto looked around the area and suddenly said, \"Night falling. We must rest for the night.\" Davison nodded and said, \"He's right. There's going to be thieves and God knows what else out here at this time.\" John replied, \"I'll keep watch tonight.\" Blake quickly put out the fire while everyone got to sleep.[Chapter 29] Blake turned a bit in her sleep. She grunted before deciding to wake up. The sun was bright as usual but that didn't mean that she could not see the three silhouettes looming over her. Blake jumped from her spot and muttered a string of cuss words. Her swearing woke up the others; Japhet screeched a little. \"Ey! Wha' th' hell?!\" she yelled. John sat up straight and raised his hands to show he wasn't armed. \"What the hell's goin' on?!\" John asked. \"Don' ask me!\" Blake replied. The gang was surrounded by unrecognizable people. They were dressed either in rags or exotic clothing; their skin all tanned; have bright or dark eyes, dark or light hair; short or long hair; some wore bandanas over their heads. Davison could tell right away they weren't natives. \"Alrigh' look. I dunno where y'all came from- nor how y'all found us- but we ain't gonna be lookin' for a fight right now. So could y-\" One of them jabbed his gun right at Blake's face and said something in a language that neither of them could recognize. \"WHOA! Watch where ya point that thing!\" she said suddenly. The same man turned to another and said something in that same language. Blake leaned towards John and muttered, \"When do ya think's a good time to run?\" John shrugged and replied, \"Once they're distracted is my best bet.\" \"That's yer plan?\" she said frustratedly. \"Well what other time did ya think was best?!\" An exotic heard them speaking and he hit Blake with the back of his rifle. \"Ow!\" she winced, \"Hit him not me!\" The same man said in English, \"You traveled in gypsy territory. You must leave now or we'll bring you to our camp!\" \"Least we know they speak English…,\" Blake muttered. Her back was greeted with the butt of a rifle. \"Ow! Rude!\" \"You all! Come with us!\" \"Well I guess tha' wasn't an option…\" She got hit again. \"Would you stop it!?\" … … … The gang trekked to the camp the nomads lead them to, their hands tied together. They conversed in the foreign language the gang had heard earlier. Their journey was a little long and overbearing. The heat of the sun was beating down on them all, their feet were dragging them, and they were sweating like pigs. Blake glanced her eyes at the head of the group. He had tanned skin; raven black hair tied back in a ponytail under a dark hat; he had a golden hoop earring on his left ear; he only wore a dark vest, dark pants and boots. She sighed as they finally arrived to the camp. Actually, it really didn't even look like a camp. There were caravans everywhere—some were huddled in a small circle. Horses occupied every other tent. There were women dressed in clothing Blake didn't recognize, and the men dressed the same as well. The occupations turned to see the incoming group with the gang. The dark haired nomad gave the others an order and the gang was brought up to the base of camp. The ropes were cut and they immediately felt relieved. They were quickly kicked down to their knees; they were a little more gentle with Red though. The same nomad then asked them, \"How did you all find our territory? Explain yourselves!\" John spoke up first: \"Look, none of us had any idea y'all were even around here! We jus' needed a place to rest an' that—\" John pointed in the direction they came from, \"—just happened t' be the place! Now is that all cleared up?\" The nomad gave John an irritated look. \"What?! What more do you want us to say?!\" John asked in annoyance. \"Do you think I believe in your cover up?\" John, Blake and Davison raised an eyebrow; Tonto cocked his head. \"Uum, yes?\" John replied. The nomad walked up closer to John and muttered, \"Do you want me to believe that the white man would make something up like that so easily?\" \"W-What?\" He slapped John across the face. \"...OW?!\" The nomad then grabbed John by the collar and said, \"Why would I want to trust someone who would violate our peace treaty?!\" Blake shot her head to the gypsy man. \"Wh-What?\" A voice then chimed in. \"What Mordecai means is that the Cavalry invaded our territory and now we had to move three more times before they eventually attacked our people.\" Everybody turned to the source of the voice. The voice belonged to an elderly man, possibly in his mid sixties; he had pale grey hair hidden under his white hat and a bearded face; his eyes were sky blue; he was short; his attire consisted of a deerskin vest, a dark blue shirt, black boots and dark pants. The camp parted away from the elder as he approached the gang. \"Mordecai, be kind and put the masked man down,\" he asked kindly. Mordecai dropped John on his butt. John winced. The elderly nomad held out his hand to Blake. \"I'm sorry about him, he doesn't think before he acts,\" he stated. Blake took his hand and said, \"Uuh, yeah, no problem.\" He pulled her up and she straightened herself out. The man smiled and offered, \"Why don't y'all come inside my caravan and, we can talk properly.\" John and Blake looked at each other and back to him. They shook their heads in agreement. \"We can do just that,\" John said. … … … The elder nomad closed the door behind him. \"Again, I apologize for Mordecai's behavior towards y'all,\" he said apologetically. The gang was all sitting in a circle cross legged (except for Red of course, who was sitting in a chair). \"Ever since the Union army violated both treaties, none of our people have been at ease,\" he finished. \"It's totally understandable, Mr. — What's yer name?\" John said. \"I'm Avery Havener. The elder of our gypsy caravan. You've obviously meet one of my four children Mordecai,\" said Avery. \"Who're th' others?\" Blake asked. \"I've two more sons: Amos and Niles. And a daughter: Angela. Though unfortunately, she had passed away sixteen years ago,\" Avery informed. For some reason, Angela's name sounded very familiar. \"Angela?\" Blake said. Avery nodded. \"Yes. Angela was my only daughter. As I said earlier, she died sixteen years ago. But before she passed away, I knew she was expecting a child with her lover.\" That got the gang's attention. \"She… Had a lover?\" asked Davison. \"Wha' was his name?\" asked John. Avery went quiet while he went back into his memories. \"He was a nice gentleman. In fact, he was different; he was an outlaw.\" Blake raised a brow. \"An outlaw, huh?\" she muttered. \"That's right.\" Blake took a sip of her drink. \"Jes' curious, do ya think y' have an idea wha' happened t' Ang?\" Avery shrugged and replied, \"Probably murder. Never knew what happened to the child though.\" \"You mentioned they were expectin' a child earlier,\" John reminded Avery. The elder nodded and said, \"Yes. Yes I did.\" \"How'd you know?\" \"Because why else would ya wanna get married after meeting a man three weeks after he arrived?\" John hesitantly nodded. \"Good answer.\" Avery chuckled, \"She was a very eclectic one, I must say that.\" \"An' clever, too,\" Blake chuckled. \"Yes. That she was.\" … … … The gang was invited to dinner with Avery later that night. All it was was game and stew. \"How long've y'all been out here?\" John asked. Avery replied, \"Oh about 50 years or so.\" Blake swallowed her food and commented, \"Don't look like ya been here tha' long.\" Avery chuckled. \"Miss, I've been here a long time. Just wait until you hear about-\" Just the a young man, not much younger than John (around mid twenties); he wore a button down shirt with a few buttons undone at the top; his dark moppy hair was covered by a black bandana; his dark pants were caked with dirt along with his black boots. \"Um, sorry to interrupt you, Grandpa, but, uh, uncle Mordecai's trying to beat up another man again,\" he said sheepishly. Avery put his plate down. \"Again?!\" he exclaimed. The young man nodded. Avery sighed heavily like a parent about to whip their child. \"Twain, keep these kind folk entertained. That boy's gonna have a beatin' of his life! An' I don't care if he's a grown man!\" he announced as he left the caravan. Twain watched his grandfather walk out the door with a belt in his hand and closed the door. He turned back to the gang and waved shyly. \"Sorry about that…,\" he apologized. \"No problem, Twain,\" John replied. Twain took a seat and said, \"Oh, please, call me Toby- even though technically it's Tobias.\" \"Okay- Toby.\" As the gang chatted with Toby, the young man brought up Angela's name again. \"Yeah, my aunt Angela… She was the nicest person you'd ever meet,\" he commented. Blake swallowed her food before speaking up, \"Mind I ask wha' Angela was like?\" Toby happily replied, \"Oh aunt Angela was the sweetest person ever! Nobody in the caravan disliked her- I mean- it was hard not to like her. And her lover, he was a nice guy, too.\" \"Yeah Avery said she had a partner. Who was he?\" Blake asked. \"Um, I think it was something like Bartholomew or something?\" \"Bartholomew?\" Toby shrugged. \"He went by Butch, technically.\" John and Blake shot each other looks. \"Like- Butch Cavendish?\" John asked. Toby's eyebrows shot up as he exclaimed, \"Yeah! That's him! Butch Cavendish!\" Blake commented, \"A man li'e him can fall fer 'ny kinda women.\" \"Yeah,\" Toby replied, \"just seemed like a twist of fate that they fell for each other.\" \"Didn't Avery say tha' they were havin' a kid?\" John asked. Toby nodded. \"Yeah an' I figured it out, too. I dunno what happened to their child though. Think a scout said that after she died, her child was adopted by some rich family in Clarton.\" Blake felt her heart stop as she dropped her fork and plate. \"But then again, that was over fifteen years ago. My memory's not all that- Hey, are you okay?\" John, Tonto, Davison, and Red turned to look at Blake as a wave of shock hit her like a train. She quickly stood up and left, not caring that the blood was rushing back to her head as she stumbled out. She ran as fast as she could away from the caravan until she collapsed to her knees. Her hand was over her mouth as if she were about to throw up; which she most likely was going to anyway. John called out her name as he and the rest of the gang caught up to her. \"Blake! Wha' the hell? You okay?\" Blake turned to them and asked directly to Toby, \"Y-Ya sure th' kid's not dead?\" Toby thought about before shrugging. \"Never thought about that, but I would think so after th' fire, why?\" Blake shook her head. \"T-Toby...\" Silence. \"...I'm Butch an' Angela's daughter.\" ((AUTHOR'S NOTE: OOH JEEBUS! I AM SO SORRY FOR NOT UPDATING AS FREQUENTLY AS I USED TO! ;n; College has been a huge pain in the ass right now and I haven' found much time to do anything writing or art wise. Well at least my swim season's almost over and I can hopefully—keyword hopefully— find a little more time to update my fics. I hope you guys understand my situation and please bear with me. Well I guess I better get back at it. *in Markiplier voice* Bye-bye!)) ","Summary":" The townspeople gathered around the podium as train tycoon Latham Cole made his announcement. \"Tod"},{"Movie":"Lone Ranger","Title":"The sick outlaw","Author":"AshtonCat","Hyperlink":"https://www.fanfiction.net/s/11369917","Passage":"[Chapter 1] Currently in a state of Butch Cavendish obsession. Any other fans out there? So I thought I might give it a shot. Not enough good Butch stories out there I think. I might continue with it. Reviews help! Chapter 1 A rainy night \"did ye find the doctor?\" Frank asked Barret when the latter arrived back at the camp one cold, rainy evening. Barret nodded and pointed at a scared, tied up man with a handkerchief in his mouth atop one of their horses. \"he didn't really go willingly\" the gang member chuckled. \"How's Butch?\" Frank frowned, like a young boy who had just dropped his ice cream. \"He aint doing too good, but he won't let anyone near him\" he replied. Looks were exchanged among the other gang members, their leader wasn't the touching type. You better knew what you were doing if you reached out to him. And especially now he seemed to going down with something, he was all the more the growling dog he could be. Barret untied the doctor and pushed him toward the sleeping form of Butch, laying a bit further away from the fire as usual, his back to his gang. \"Mind yer fingers, doc. He tends te bite\" Barret said, causing the gang to snicker as the doctor turned pale. Nevertheless the man made a brave attempt to aid his patient. \"Mister Cavendish? I'm going to have to ask you to face me, sir. And tell me what's troubling you\" the doctor asked, leaning over the gang leader. There was a long silence, followed by an annoyed sigh from Butch. \"ah told all of them morons over there, ah just need to sleep. Yer wasting yer time, doc\" the doctor swallowed and looked at the gang helplessly. It was Frank who eventually broke the silence. \"ye aint just tired, Butch. Tell the doctor ye threw up this morning, and yer cold all the tahm. Shivering and..\" \"shut up!\" with strength they didn't know he possessed Butch had gotten to his feet, his knife to Frank's throat and stared down the worried criminals surrounding him. \"Ye shut yer mouth, Frank, I aint gonna ask twice\" Butch continued. With eyes wide as saucers, Frank nodded and the knife was pulled away from his throat. The doctor had regained his bearings somewhat and straightened up, ready to talk to Butch, who was after all, his patient. \"Mister Cavendish, I do so recommend you let me examine you. If you happen to have Cholera I don't want to leave you out in the desert untreated\" he said. After a moment, Butch locked eyes with the doctor. \"ah don't have any of that. Now git gone. Give him a horse! Let him go\" the outlaw answered and turned away, sinking back onto his cot. There was nothing else the doctor dared to do with this unwilling patient, so he turned to the gang instead. \"He cannot stay out on the rain and cold with a fever like this. He needs a warm place to rest this off.\" he said. The gang members looked at eachother, none of them had a place to go, they were all outlaws, on the run from something. There were no warm places to go to. \"we could go to a brothel\" Skinny suggested \"Brothels are warm\" they all chuckled. \"and who's going to pay for that? No one of us has any money, neither has Butch. Why do you think we're out here in the rain, you dipshit?!\" Ray yelled at him. \"gentlemen, please! Your leader might be very sick! Surely there must be some place you can all go to.. for emergencies\" the doctor urged, causing more looks to be exchanged among the outlaws. There was no emergency place to go to. If you happened to get sick, you might as well started your prayers you'd be strong enough to live it out in the open air. \"Get real, doc\" Garret started \"nobody aides a gang of outlaws. There is nowhere we can go with him\" \"I don't want te go anywhere!\" Butch hollered, getting up and swaying on his already unsteady legs, sweat dripping down his face. \"If ye could all shut your traps and let me sleep in peace, I'd be right as rain in the morning. But ye all had to disturb my rest by dragging this doctor into our camp! I never asked fer ye to bring me a medicine man! Git rid of him\" the doctor was all too willing to fulfil Butch' wish and jumped on the horse that was appointed to him. When Ray, Skinny and the doctor rode off back to town, Butch leaned forward as if he was going to topple over. He panted, trying to catch his breath and regain his bearing. But everything was spinning in front of his eyes. Frank tried to take his arm to support him but was thrown off immediately. \"Git off me! Don't ye ever touch me again, boy!\" Butch yelled, aiming his gun at the young man's head. \"ahm sorry, Butch! Ah meant nuthin' by it! Ye just looked like ye were goin' te fall over, that's all!\" Frank cried in his defence. He had had Butch' gun pointed at him before, the boy was a little slow, but it was never with the rage he now saw in the gang leader's eyes. The young outlaw watched as Butch sank back onto his cot and laid down on his back, panting heavily, and crawled over to him slowly. \"ye know what we could do, Butch? There's a place not so far from here. Some ranch folk lives there, ah believe. We could shoot it up and use the place for a bit. Give you a proper bed and all\" Butch listened vaguely to Frank's suggestion but had to close his eyes eventually. \"Just let me sleep\" he growled and turned on his side, his back to Frank. When the rest of the gang returned to camp, Butch was vast asleep, leaving his gang to ponder on what to do next. Nobody felt like moving Butch around against his will. All they could do now, was hope that their leader would feel better in the morning.[Chapter 2] Chapter 2 is up! Thanks for the reviews. Let me know what you think of this one! It had rained for most of the night, and when morning finally came, and rays of light touched the awakening prairie, most of the outlaws of Cavendish' gang had moved their sleeping cots under their horses. Nobody had dared to wake Butch and tell him it was raining. Only Frank had been brave enough to throw a dusty saddle blanket over their ailing leader, keeping him somewhat dry during the night. While the gang was packing to get ready to hit the saddle and leave, Ray kneeled down next to Butch to get a better look at him. \"Ah don't think he feels any better, boys\" he said. \"He gonna die?\" asked Jesus. Ray shrugged and shook his head \"how the hell should ah know?\" he reached out to shake Butch' arm lightly and expected to get a knife against his throat, but instead Butch opened his eyes with great difficulty and gave such a pitiful moan it made Ray's stomach turn in worry. \"Butch, we gotta get doing now. Ye good to ride?\" he asked softly. Butch didn't reply, but after a few moments of silence he started pulling himself in a sitting position slowly. \"sure ah ahm\" he grumbled and rubbed his eyes, the world spinning before him. \"git me some water\" After a few sips of warm water from a flask belonging to Barret, the gang leader took another deep breath and looked around, catching all the looks his gang members gave him. \"what ye all lookin' at?\" he said, his voice gruff. \"ye don't look so well, Butch\" Skinny answered. Had he been well enough, Butch would have rolled his eyes, but he decided not to waste any precious energy now. \"ah know I don't, Skinny. But that won't stop ye from riding, won't it? Nor will it stop me. Understood? Did ah make myself clear to ya'll?\" the gang leader said and got to his feet shakenly. No one dared saying anything during the difficult ride. They could see Butch' condition worsening throughout the day, as he slumped over his horse, panting heavily. The dark mare seemed to sense her master's frailty and she took extra care to avoid rocks and holes in the trail, to make it easier for him to cling on to her manes. Ray occasionally handed his leader a flask of water, knowing that fluids were important. And Butch seemed too sick to be stubborn about it this time. His gut was on fire, yet the rest of his body felt frozen, and all the while he was sweating in places he didn't even knew he had. This couldn't go on like this. He needed to rest and he needed it badly. \"frank\" he said, waiting for the young man to guide his horse alongside Butch' \"where was them ranch ye were talking about earlier? Around here somewhere?\" The young man smiled and nodded. \"aint too far now, Butch. Just a little more down this creek\" he answered. Butch sighed and looked up at the dirt road ahead of them, feeling the sun burn through his hat, or maybe it was his spiking fever, after all it was autumn, and the days were getting cold \"we'll stop there.. I.. I'm tuckered out. Take Skinny with ye and make sure them ranchers are informed about our visit. And don't make any unnecessary ruckus goddammit! I don't want the place to be covered in blood when I get there\" he said. The two rode off on breakneck speed, knowing it was urgent that Butch took some rest. He was vaguely aware of Ray's hand on his arm, holding him up on his horse in fear of him sliding off. \"Good decision\" the older man said. Butch frowned, the sunlight hurting his sore eyes. \"Only one left now, Ray. Ahm getting old\" Both men chuckled lightly. When they arrived the ranch was still standing to Butch' delight. Those two knuckleheads had managed to not burn it down in their effort to take it over. An elderly man sat on the front porch holding a shotgun, seemingly undisturbed that his house had just been taken over by criminals. He locked eyes with Butch when the sick man came up the stairs to the front door, holding his stomach in silent agony. \"How ya doin' oldtimer?\" the outlaw asked. the elderly man, tobacco juice dripping down his long grey beard as he chewed it, spit in front of Butch' boots. And with that, all had been said. Inside he found two frightened women sitting on a couch while Skinny pointed a gun at them. One of the women, the younger one, looked up and whispered something in presumably her mother's ear. Butch Cavendish. They both recognized him. he knew that look anywhere. \"Ladies..\" he mumbled, passing them without anything else. He decided to collapse on the first bed he'd come across and closed the bedroom door behind him, locking himself away from the world. The rest of the gang made themselves comfortable in the living room. The women were allowed to go about their business when Ray took over, like he did when Butch was away. And the two retreated to the kitchen instantly, where none of them would bother them. Especially the younger woman had received numerous looks and calls from a few gang members. \"we have to find a way to contact the Eltons\" her mother whispered frantically. Referring to their neighbours, another rancher family that lived 50 miles up the dirt road \"they can go alert the sheriff in town\" \"I don't think that's wise, mother. Besides they don't really mean us any harm. is unwell. They might just leave when he rested\" the younger one said. \"You're so naïve, Eleanor. I don't know who you're taking after, not me that's for sure. They will soon get bored, and then what? They won't stay idle like this for long. I won't sit here and watch my daughter get ravaged by that gang of mangy dogs!\" her mother whispered, a little too loud than necessary. \"Hey! Old hag. Who are you calling a mangy dog, eh?!\" One of the bandits growled from the livingroom. Eleanor tried to quiet her mother. \"If they were here to ravage me and raid the place, they would have done so already. Mr. Cavendish is in my bedroom, I saw him close the door behind himself. I think maybe he's just awfully tired, maybe they just need a good night's sleep and in the morning they'll all be on their way. Please mother, you have to trust me on this for now\" she said, her hands on her mother's narrow shoulders. The older woman slowly calmed down and nodded. \"You're right. Father would have urged us to remain calm. He would have. No drastic decisions now, Mary, he would say to me. All that lives needs air and space. You remember he always said that, Eleanor?\" the young woman smiled and nodded. They had lost father three years ago to a disease that had been short lived. One day the rancher had started complaining about headaches, three days later they found him dead in his stables. Eleanor's grandfather had come to live with them to help the two women out on the ranch, but he was getting older too. And after two strokes, all he could do was sit out on the porch with his shotgun, guarding his daughter and granddaughter from ill wanting criminals. Eleanor was still wondering why grandpa hadn't fired one shot at the sight of the two outlaws that showed up a few hours ago. Mother was asked, or rather forced, to cook for the entire gang that evening. She had bravely stood up to Ray when he asked her to cook them all a good meal, refusing at first hand so the outlaw was simply forced to pull out his gun and point it to her head. With pursed lips, as she always did when she was furious, she went about her pots and pans. Making a simple bean stew with enough bacon to satisfy the entire US cavalry. Eleanor wondered why no one was bothering to bring Mr. Cavendish any food, and since Ray seemed to be the one to talk to, she asked him. \"Oh he aint hungry now, Missy. Ye don't want to go in there\" He chuckled at the young girl's question while spooning up his bowl of bean stew, gravy dripping down his chin. \"He's not going to get any better if he doesn't eat or drink, mind you\" she told him. Momentarily they all stopped eating, waiting for Ray's answer, and hoping he wouldn't decide to send one of them in there to feed Butch. Ray set his bowl aside and looked up at her. \"That's right, so maybe you should go in there and see if he wants some of this shit\" he said. She stared back defiantly and crossed her arms. \"I hardly see the point in doing such a thing. I think he much rather sees one of you than a complete stranger\" she said. The gang chuckled and so did Ray. \"You leave him alone, you hear me? It's for your own good. Don't go in there\" Ray said and picked up his bowl to finish his meal. The conversation was over and she had been warned. When night fell, the gang settled down in the living room and soon after the only sound the women could hear was their loud snoring. They took shifts in guarding the front door, so the women wouldn't be able to go out and call for help. With not much else to do they decided to go to bed and wait for morning.[Chapter 3] chapter 3 is up. thanks for the reviews, love em' It wasn't much later when Eleanor was awakened by a sound coming from her own bedroom. Apparently Mr. Cavendish was awake and stumbling through his room. They both shot up in bed when they heard a loud crash, like something shattered to the floor. A string of curses erupted. Eleanor got up from the bed and wrapped herself in a blanket. \"where are you going?!\" her mother asked, reaching out to take hold on her daughter's night shirt. \"I want to see what's going on in there\" Eleanor said, pulling herself free and leaving the room, ignoring her mother frantic calling. Butch had managed to break the water pitcher while he retched in the water basin. There was nothing in his stomach, and the bile burned his throat till his eyes started tearing up. When he heard the door open behind him, he flung around holding out his gun. Eleanor held up her hands. \"easy, I'm not armed\" she spoke softly, not wanting the others to wake up. He didn't lower his gun. \"Git out\" he growled. He would have said more if his stomach hadn't intervened and he was forced to turn back to the basin when another spell of dry heaving acted up. She waited till he was done and trying to catch his breath. \"what do you need?\" she asked. He looked up at her, sweat trickling down his pale face. \"ye got any laudanum?\" she nodded quickly. \"Yes, sure.. I'll get it for you. Lay back down\" she instructed and left the room in search for her mother's secret stash of the addictive painkiller. Laying down was all he could do right now, that and concentrating on his breathing to distract himself from the soaring pain in his abdomen and head. At that point, he thought he was going to die. His body couldn't take much more of this shit. But atleast he wasn't out in the cold desert when he'd draw his last breath. She was back at his side a moment later, showing him a glass of water with laudanum mixed through it. He reached out and gulped it down, ignoring the bitter taste of it. It would help with the pain, but it wouldn't cure the illness, whatever he had. Within a few moments, he started to look a little more relaxed, his face no longer showing immense pain, his eyes closed. \"what happened to you?\" she asked softly, sitting down on the side of his bed. \"Git out\" was his only reply. \"You're not going to get better this way. And I would like for you and your gang to leave tomorrow morning\" she spoke defiantly, but inhaled sharply when he reached into his belt and pulled out his gun, cocking it and pointing it at her. \"I aint gonna ask it twice, gurl\" he growled. She turned and left, closing the door behind her. She hadn't noticed the entire gang was awake and gazing at her with a mixture of admiration and fear. \"he didn't shoot ye, did he?\" Frank asked, sucking on the little braid of hair. She shook her head and tried to regain her composure. \"I gave him.. laudanum for the pain. But that's not going to solve the problem. He needs a doctor\" the gang exchanged looks. \"yea we tried that. Didn't work. He don't like them doctors\" Barret sneered from the couch. \"He seemed to like ye enough not to shoot ye on sight, though\" Skinny told her, nodding at her. \"now why..why would he shoot me? For heaven's sake, I don't carry a gun, or.. or mean any harm. He should pick his battles more carefully next time\" she spoke, only just realizing she was standing in front of atleast eight men in her nightgown. \"He gets like this sometimes\" Ray suddenly said, rendering them all quiet. \"I've known Butch for years. He had the same thing goin' on many years ago. When all of yer mothers were still wiping yer noses, all of you. Something goin' on with his stomach, ah don't know. He shouldn't eat all that shit he eats, probably\" he continued. Some of the gang members turned slightly green thinking about Butch' occasional eating habits. \"so he'll git better?\" Frank peeped. Ray shrugged and nodded. \"eventually, took a while though. Think we camped on that same spot for atleast a week before he got strong enough to ride again\" \"a week?!\" Eleanor protested. \"No, you're not staying here for a whole week, you can't\" Ray chuckled and looked up at her. \"well, I don't think yer the one calling the shots in this one, darlin'. We're not about to drag Butch out of that bed, onto his horse to find another ranch. Yer just goin' to have to live with us for a while. We'll be on our way when he says he's alright to travel\" he said. \"we don't have enough food to feed you all for another week. No, I want you all out. He can stay\" she finally decided, knowing her mother would kill her for this, but right now she had to find a way she could keep the ranch rolling. The gang looked at Ray, he was the one making the decisions when Butch was out, but none of them felt like sitting around this ranch for a whole week. \"ah don't think he'd like that very much\" Ray spoke carefully after a moment of contemplation. \"who says ye won't turn him in the moment we're gone?\" she shook her head and frowned. \"he can't go to prison like this, that would be.. inhumane\" she said. Whatever the hell that meant, the gang liked her idea. \"Frank stays here too\" Ray finally said, getting off the floor to get ready to leave. A surprised Frank looked from Ray to the girl and back. \"whut? Why me? Ray ah don't want to stay here with Butch!\" but the older gang member wouldn't have none of it. \"ye stay put and protect yer leader from these here folks, ye hear me? Besides boy, ye slow us down. Best te stay here and we'll be back in a week to pick you two up\" Eleanor tried to give the panicking young man a reassuring smile and stepped aside when Ray opened the door to Butch's room. The outlaw was vast asleep, stretched out on the bed with his coat and boots still on. Only his hat lay on the side table. He went in there to say goodbye, but found he didn't dare to wake him and tell him about the plan. He left the room without words and only gave Eleanor a small nod when he opened the front door to go and get his horse ready, the rest of the gang following him. Only Frank remained, looking quite offended and upset. Her mother, awakened by the sound of horses getting saddled by a bunch of loud criminals, bustled into the room holding a quilt around her shoulders. \"what is going on in here? Where are they going?\" Eleanor gazed out of the window, watching the gang take off, whistling and urging their horses as they took off into the distance on breakneck speed. \"They're leaving\" she said. Her mother looked confused and then noticed Frank sitting on the couch, chewing on his hair. \"and why is he still here?\" she asked. \"He's staying, just like Mr. Cavendish is staying, mother. They'll be back in a week\" Frank got up from the couch, wringing his hands together nervously as he addressed the older woman. \"Please don't make me sleep with them horses, ma'm. ahm scared of them rats\" he said. Eleanor's mother simply stared at him like he just turned green before turning to her daughter. \"you mean to say that animal is still in my house?\" Eleanor sighed and nodded, crossing her arms in front of her chest, she was starting to get rather cold. \"That animal is very sick, mother. He would die out there. I gave him some of your laudanum, if that's alright\" she said. Her mother opened her mouth to say something, but closed it again and pursed her lips instead. \"You might have asked my permission to give it to him before actually doing it. What's the point in asking me when you already gave it?\" she said angrily. \"and you!\" she continued, turning to Frank, who gave her a terrified look in return. \"I expect you to be on your best behaviour when you're in a house with two ladies, did I make myself clear? Or you'll find yourself locked up in the gear room where we keep the horses' feeding, and there's an awful lot of rats in there, understood?\" he nodded frantically and sat back down, making himself as small as possible. \"well I suppose I'll just have to settle with the fact I've got two more mouths to feed the coming week. Cause you people aren't decent enough to negotiate with\" mother said, giving Frank a displeasing look that he returned in looking like a boy getting scolded for stealing cookies. He wrung his hands together nervously, not liking it when someone was angry with him. \"well, Ma'm. Butch don't eat a lot.. if it matters. He can drink water like a horse though, fill himself right up and all. I tried it myself once, but my tummy started aching\" he said, looking sad. The older woman gave him one last look before turning on her heels and marching off to find some pillows and a blanket for the young criminal. If he was going to occupy the couch, he needed a little more than just that, and she wasn't one to treat guests badly, whether they were criminals or not. Another moan came from Butch' room and both Frank and Eleanor looked over their shoulders. \"ah never saw him like this. Kinda frightening really. Where's yer pa?\" Frank asked, looking up at Eleanor. She swallowed thickly, avoiding his eyes. \"dead\" she said simply. \"he got sick, three years now\" the young man looked like he was going to say something, but he changed his mind and decided to shut his mouth, that was usually what the rest of the gang preferred in him anyway. \"where's your family?\" Eleanor asked. He shrugged, shuffling his feet on the wooden floor. \"Idaho. But the gang is my family now. Ah wouldn't know what to do without Butch\" he confessed, a little embarrassed, looking at the door to Butch' room again. \"well how about finding a decent job and try to be a decent man?\" Eleanor said. The young man didn't seem all that violent, just young and sort of ignorant. \"ah don't think Butch would like it very much if ah did that. He wouldn't want to be mah friend anymore\" was his reply. An unusual friendship she wasn't so sure even existed. Butch didn't seem like the type of man entertaining friendships with people. \"is he gonna die?\" he asked, looking up at her pleadingly. She bit her bottom lip and sighed, she didn't know if the outlaw would make it. Her father was the strongest man she knew, and he had succumbed to his illness within days. But Frank looked like such a lost boy, she didn't dare slapping him in the face with the truth. \"sure he will. I'm sure he survived worse than this. Gunshots and all, right?\" she said, trying to smile. He thought for a moment on that one. Did Butch ever got shot? \"ah know he fell off his horse once and got right back up! Didn't even have a scratch, no sir!\" Frank said proudly, shaking his head and smiling. She chuckled at his antics. \"well there you have it. He's a tough guy, he'll be alright\" Her mother returned soon after, handing Frank a few pillows and blankets which he accepted gratefully. \"and now no more word from you until you hear that rooster outside\" she told him and he nodded frantically. \"you too, Elly\" she continued, addressing her daughter. Eleanor didn't feel like sleeping anymore. Yet when the rooster finally started announcing morning, she felt herself doze off. I absolutely adore Frank, can you tell?[Chapter 4] Chapter 4 When Eleanor woke up, her mother was no longer beside her in the bed. Warm sunrays fell on her face and she slowly started realizing it was almost noon. The sun couldn't be this warm in the morning, not this time of year. She sat up in bed and listened, afraid the gang had returned and had decided to shoot everybody except her. But she calmed when she heard her mother's demanding voice outside and the water pump being operated. \"come on now, put your back into it! A young man like you should know how to handle a little water pump!\" it seemed like her mother had decided to put Frank to work. Good, they could use the extra pair of hands. She got up and dressed, listening to any other sounds. Only grandpa's rocking chair on the front porch gave it's familiar squeak. No sound coming from Butch' room. Fearing he hadn't lasted the night, she peered around his doorway. His position had slightly changed, but not much. One of his legs hung over the side of the bed. He slept in utter silence. She knew it was dangerous to wake him, the gang had warned her about it several times. But he wouldn't survive if he kept sleeping like a hibernating bear. \"Mr. Cavendish?\" No answer, he didn't even stir. She walked up to the bed silently to get a closer look. Simply sleeping, his face looked a lot less menacing and dangerous. His breathing was slightly laboured due to his pained abdomen, she had seen it in worm infected livestock before. She noticed his bedroom window was open, he had probably vomited a couple of more times during the night. She felt a pang of sympathy rising up for the ailing criminal. Now without his gang, vulnerable and at the mercy of people he didn't know. \"You always sleep with your boots on?\" she said, more to herself than to him when she noticed he hadn't taken off his boots at all. Carefully, she tried to pull them off, not wanting to wake him right now. The first one went without a reaction, the second one made his eyes twitch a little, as if he was feeling something from beyond the world of dreams and didn't like it. She placed the boots next to the bed and thought about what to do next. \"I know what it's like to feel like you want to sleep forever. It just hurts too much when you're awake\" she started, not knowing if he could hear her or not. \"but I don't believe your dreams are that much better than reality. After all you've done, all you are, there must be something haunting you when you close your eyes\" she continued. He let out a big sigh, but there was no reply to meet her, so she decided to turn and leave. \"dangerous to go and wake sleepin' dogs\" she spun around on her heels to the sound of his voice, hoarse and raw from the depths of sleep. He was looking at her with one eye opened. \"especially for a gurl like yerself\" she got over her shock to see him awake quickly and tried to look defiant in his dangerous state of awareness. \"You're no dog, sir. And you cannot expect me to let you sleep in my bedroom until you die of dehydration and starvation\" she said and watched as he tried to pull himself in a sitting position, only to fall back down crying out in pain. \"Ray!\" he yelled, calling out for his sidekick. \"Ray! Git over here!\" It was Frank who stormed into the bedroom with a panicked look on his face. He was wearing one of her father's old shirts. Mother had apparently decided to give him some clean clothes before putting him to work on the ranch. \"It's alright, Butch! Ye calm down now, aint nothing to be yellin' about\" Frank tried to calm his leader, but to none avail. Butch reached out and grabbed the front of Frank's shirt, pulling him close to his face. \"where's Ray?! Git Ray!\" he snarled and let go, causing Frank to stumble back. \"He aint here, Butch! Ray left with the others last night. They're coming back in a week! Ah..ahm here\" he smiled a little, pointing at himself. Butch let the news progress through his clouded, feverish mind. \"where did they go?\" he asked. Frank shrugged and shook his head, sitting down on the side of the bed, something Butch didn't seem to appreciate. \"Ah don't know. But these here folks aint so bad. They let ye stay till yer all better, aint that nice?\" Frank asked, looking slightly hopeful that his leader would settle down in the current situation, but the older man just rolled his eyes and reached up to comb his long hair down. His movements were slow and it was obvious they cost him a lot of effort. \"Go git me some water, ye stupid fool\" the outlaw grumbled, pushing Frank off the bed. The young man shrieked and fell to the wooden floor. \"Yes, Butch. Right away\" he said, getting to his feet quickly and stumbling out of the room. \"He was very worried about you. He still is\" Eleanor said. Butch looked up at the young woman standing at the foot end of the bed. \"you.. you were here last night too. I recognize you. Don't ye have a fellar of yer own to bother late at night?\" he sneered, hoping she would be offended and leave, but she simply crossed her arms and tilted her head at him. \"I wouldn't have bothered you if you hadn't shattered our water pitcher and thrown up in our water basin\" she shot back, but he shook his head. \"No, no.. after that. Ye were the one talking, I recognize yer voice now\" he explained, gazing at her curiously. \"won't ye tell me what that was all about? Ah don't git a lot of ladies like yerself visiting me at night, so I kinda like to know what made ye enter this room\" he went on, trying to chuckle, but he stopped when it hurt his abdomen. Eleanor was confused, besides from giving him laudanum and getting a gun pointed at her, she hadn't spent any time with him in this room. \"I wasn't here. I left after you pulled your gun out\" she said. He narrowed his eyes and thought for a moment, he could have sworn she was there whispering in his ear, though he couldn't remember what she had said. He reached up and rubbed his tired eyes. \"Ahm ailing, hallucinating like ah was bitten by a rattlesnake\" he grumbled. \"It's the fever, Mr. Cavendish, it does that. Once your fever breaks, the hallucinations disappear too\" she told him, not wanting him to think he was losing his mind. \"Oh, mah head\" he complained, his arm over his eyes to block the light. At that moment Frank entered the room holding a cup of water and a bowl of soup. \"ah got yer water, Butch. And yer lunch. Mom made it fer you so ye better eat it, or yer in trouble\" he chuckled nervously and placed the tray on his side table. \"mom?\" Butch asked, not removing his arm from his stinging eyes. \"the hell yer talkin' about, Frank\" Frank gulped and looked up at Eleanor for help, but she looked just as surprised. \"well ah don't know what else te call her! And she don't correct me er nuthin'. So I just call Mrs. Mary Angela Hartley mom\" the young man explained in exasperation. \"Knucklehead\" Butch mumbled, causing Frank to look rather offended. \"Frank! Are you done in there?! I need help with them cows!\" Eleanor looked up when she heard her mother's demanding voice. Demanding enough to send Frank stumbling out of the room without saying anything else to his gang leader \"comin' mom!\" an awkward silence followed in the small bedroom. \"got any more laudanum?\" Butch asked eventually. \"After you've eaten, I'll get you some more\" Eleanor said, picking up the tray and placing it on his legs, eventhough he was still laying down. \"Ahm not hungry\" she rolled her eyes, he was like a stubborn child. \"Someone of your age should know you have to eat in order to get better, Mr. Cavendish. It's only chicken broth, it smells good\" she said, stirring the bowl. He swallowed thickly, feeling nauseous enough without the bowl of chicken broth on his lap. \"ah don't want to smell it either\" he grumbled. \"if you hold your breath you won't taste or smell it\" Eleanor suggested. He removed his arm from his eyes to give her a dangerous glare and very gingerly pulled himself into a sitting position. Sweat trickled down his face as he leaned back against the headboard and looked around for a moment, catching his breath. She gave him a sympathetic look when their eyes met. \"You really don't feel good, do you? I would have hoped you'd feel a little better today\" she said. He reached out with a trembling hand to pick up the glass of water and drank a few careful sips. He hadn't realized how thirsty he was. She listened to the sounds of his upset stomach and hoped he would keep this water down. He needed to get some fluids into his system and preferable something nutritious too. \"you think you can handle the broth?\" she asked. He eyed the bowl suspiciously, not sure if he could keep it down. \"I promise to give you something for the pain and let you sleep after this\" she urged. He reached out and pulled the tray closer, grabbing the spoon. \"ye better hold on to that promise\" he grumbled and took a small spoonful of broth. The noises in his stomach intensified and he closed his eyes momentarily when he felt it sting, but nothing came back up and so he kept eating. It was a small victory for Eleanor. The sooner he'd get better, the sooner he'd leave. And she didn't think the gang would take it lightly if they returned after a week to find their leader in a coffin either. He had to get better, one way or the other, to keep her family and herself safe and the ranch intact. He worked his way through the broth bravely and finished the both with slight difficulty and placed the empty bowl back on the tray, giving her a wary look. \"Now git me that laudanum\" he growled. She smiled and got up from the bed, proud of her patient. She went into her mother's room to open her medicine box and pulled out the bottle of laudanum. For a moment she was distracted by the view from the window. Her mother teaching Frank how to properly scrub down a pig. She chuckled at the sight of Frank chasing one of their squealing young hogs with a brush. It had been a while since she had heard her mother laugh that hard. When she entered Butch' room, he had dozed off, snoring lightly like some men do after they had a good meal. In some strange way, it was an endearing sight and she decided not to disturb him. she placed the vial of medication on his side table, covered him with a quilt laying on the bed and left the room quietly.[Chapter 5] chapter 5 is up. Thanks for all the wonderful reviews :) Frank talked to horses. And he did so very frequently and without shame. Later that afternoon, when Eleanor entered the stables to feed the goats, she saw Frank brushing the dark bay mare that belonged to Butch. \"There's a good girl, Anabell. Yer so pretty\" after recovering from her first amazement, she cleared her throat to announce her presence. Both horse and boy looked up. \"He called her Anabell?\" she asked. He shook his head. \"naw, I did. He don't name no horses, so I do it for him. This is Anabell and that piece of work over there is mah stallion Bobby\" he explained, pointing in the direction of the chestnut horse. \"I presume they weren't come by the honest way\" Eleanor said, chuckling softly. \"Bobby didn't like his other master, miss. He hit him. And Anabell looks after Butch real good, so she must like him\" Frank spoke in his own defence. Still chuckling, Eleanor reached out for a strand of hair from Anabell's manes and started braiding it. \"hand me that piece of blue ribbon, will you?\" she told Frank, who stared at her actions curiously. \"what ye doin' to her?\" he asked, handing her the ribbon from a little box next to the brushes. \"Mr. Cavendish is going to have the prettiest horse around these parts when he's ready to leave\" she stated simply, braiding another strand. After a few moments of silence, Frank broke out in excited giggling. \"he sure aint gonna like none of this, miss. We'll be in so much trouble\" he laughed, starting on Anabell's dark colored tail. Eleanor simply smiled to herself and shrugged. \"we can always braid his hair too to match her own\" An hour later, Anabel looked perfectly ridiculous with her manes and tail in blue ribbon tied braids, but she herself didn't care and she was happy to be lead out to the corral to stretch her legs. Admiring their pointless work, Eleanor and Frank gazed at the frolicking horse. \"can ye keep a secret real well?\" Frank asked her. Eleanor looked up at him, raising her eyebrows in question. \"why that depends on the secret\" she said. He nodded in agreement, fair enough. \"Don't tell Butch but.. ah don't really want them all te come back and git us. Ah like it here. Reminds me of home\" the young man spoke. She smiled and nudged his shoulder with her own. \"I knew you'd enjoy scrubbing hogs and cleaning out stables. My mother knows a rancher's son when she sees one\" she laughed. Frank blushed and rubbed the back of his head. \"mah pa had them pigs, but he aint never scrubbed them clean. They smelled like regular pigs. Yer pigs are ladies pigs\" he said, making her laugh. She agreed he had a point. The farm was run by women, and so it had a feminine touch to it. Despite her present situation, she found herself to be more relaxed than she had been in months. She wasn't sure it was because of the presence of an extra pair of hands on the ranch, or the fact that Butch had shown atleast some form of cooperation this morning. It could very well mean she and her family might just survive this yet. Inside the house, mother had decided to defend the few fine things she owned, her French linen sheets. \"I'm not going anywhere until you rollover and let me get them sheets, Mr. Cavendish. I don't care if you point a gun at me or not. They were a wedding present from my good father in law and I won't see them get spoiled any longer!\" despite talking into the barrel of Butch' revolver, the older lady stood her ground, holding on to one corner of the sheet he was laying on. \"ye git out\" the outlaw grumbled, still not favouring any movement. \"you get yourself a proper bath first and put a fresh shirt on and then I'll decide whether you can use my sheets or not\" the woman spat back and tugged hard on the sheet. He didn't weigh much, she could pull him off the bed if she tried. He cocked his gun in warning, but he wasn't sure if he'd hit her even when she was standing so close to him. his vision was blurry and the pounding in his head got worse by the minute. The gunshot could be heard inside the stables, startling the horses. It took Frank and Eleanor a few seconds to process what they had just heard before they both started running back to the house. Perhaps grandpa had finally decided to blow Butch to pieces with his shot gun. But all they found when they arrived at the scene, was mother holding her soiled sheet and Butch laying on the floor holding his gun. Frank looked at the smouldering fresh hole in the wooden door and blinked. \"ye killed the door, Butch\" he said. \"he tried to shoot me when I took the sheet. But he can't even aim right! And you're telling me they're willing to pay me 3000 dollars for his hide?\" Mother huffed and marched out of the room, holding her price tightly to her chest. Very gingerly, Butch pulled himself up from the floor, ignoring Eleanor's extended hand and sat down on the side of the bed. He held his head and groaned, trying to steady himself and get rid of the dizziness and building nausea. \"fresh sheets would probably be best anyway\" Eleanor said, trying to lift the mood a little. \"and perhaps you should consider changing into something more comfortable for sleeping. I could give you one of my father's shirts or nightclothes. They fit Frank, they probably fit you too\" she went on, but he didn't reply. He simply couldn't speak while concentrating on keeping down his breakfast. That and he had nothing to say to this milk and honey prairie sweetheart that was getting on his nerves more and more. Frank sat down on the bed next to his leader and looked at him worryingly. \"how ya feelin' Butch? Any better?\" he asked, but Butch shook his head and pulled himself up from the bed, holding on to the wall while slowly walking out of the room. \"ah need some air\" he groaned. Outside on the porch, grandpa was still standing watch, holding his shotgun and chewing his tobacco while sitting in his creaking rocking chair. He looked up when the front door opened and Butch stepped outside, taking a deep breath. Again the old man made the statement of spitting out his tobacco in front of Butch' feet, and again Butch knew that if he had felt any better he would have rammed that rocking chair right into that old bastard's face. \"nice te see ye again too, oldtimer\" he simply said and leaned on the porch' wooden railing, glad to be outside for a spell. \"ah don't like it anymore than you do, ah can tell ye that\" Butch went on. Inhaling some fresh air and have the cool autumn wind in his face made him feel a little better, a little more in the world of the living. Deep down inside he knew he was very sick, but no one else needed to know that. If Ray dared to show his face here after a week, he'd let him know just how stupid his idea had been, aching belly or not. While letting out an unattractive belch because his stomach was starting to protest standing up, he caught sight of his horse in the corral. Her manes and tail in braids with light colored ribbon. He narrowed his eyes, was that his horse? \"whut te hell?\" he mumbled. Behind him, the door opened and closed and Eleanor came up beside him, her arms crossed over her chest. She followed his gaze and couldn't help but chuckle. \"sometimes a lady likes to dress up, you know\" she said. He looked at her, unamused. \"did ye do that to mah horse?\" she shrugged, still smiling. \"me and your friend. We figured we could give you matching braids too\" she answered. He huffed. \"not if ye favour yer hands\" he mumbled. \"so how are you feeling? Or are we still in a state of ignoring eachother's existence?\" she went on and asked, leaning her back against the railing so she could study his face. His eyes scanned the prairie horizon, avoiding her gaze. \"I mean, you're on your feet. That's a good sign\" she continued and sighed when there was still no reply from him. \"who are they?\" he asked. Confused, she followed his gaze toward the horizon. Four men on horseback approached the ranch in a slow trot. \"Oh for the love of.. \" she said. Grandpa cocked his shotgun in silence. \"You need to get back inside, they can't see you\" she told Butch. He didn't move and finally made eye contact with her, giving her a sly smile. \"ah yea? And why is that?\" he asked. \"they're with the railroad. They've been pestering us since last winter. They want our land and we've been refusing it ever since. Now please get back inside!\" she begged him. Tauntingly slowly, he raised himself up to his full height and moved passed her back into the house, chuckling when he bumped her shoulder in the process. The four men halted in front of her porch. The youngest, a fine suited man with a light moustache, took off his expensive hat in greeting. \"Goodday, miss Hartley, aint it lovely weather to be ignoring your ranch and standing on your front porch wishing for a husband?\" he sneered. \"what do you want, Elton?\" she spat back. The young man smiled and looked at his fellow agents. \"well I think that's mighty clear, Eleanor dear. Now where's your lovely mother? We was wondering if she has reconsidered our offer yet?\" he said. At that moment, mother Hartley came through the frontdoor holding a rifle and aimed it at the four men. \"Git off my land!\" she yelled. Three of them reached to pull out their guns, but Elton raised his hands. \"now hold on gentlemen, I know Mrs. Hartley over here don't mean nothing by it. Come now, ma'm, better save those bullets for the coyotes coming after your chickens, don't you think? Let's try to talk this through in a more..civilized manner\" he said. \"you turn your horses around and tell your master I aint selling one piece of this land for his trains! Never!\" Mother said, not lowering her rifle. The young man sighed and adjusted himself in his saddle, getting frustrated. \"Now listen here, Mrs. Hartley. You can't win this. And I've been very kind to you the past few months but you can't keep this up. We'll get this land the decent way or we'll have to go by.. more drastic.. methods\" he slowly ended his sentence. \"meaning?\" Eleanor asked, but the young man just smiled at her kindly. \"why let's not go into details while there's still time to simply sell us the land and walk away unscathed with a good sum of money and all be on your way. Move to the city, buy some new dresses\" he said. \"you'll be the one needing dresses once I blow off your manhood right through your horse's head\" Mother said, cocking her rifle. Elton curled his moustache in anger and placed his hat back on. \"this was your last warning, Mrs. Hartley. I'm very sorry to conclude there's no talking to you about this matter. We wanted to do this peacefully and in a decent, civilized manner. But I suppose you country folk understand only one language. You'll hear from me again, soon\" he said, turning his horse. The four men rode off and mother finally lowed her rifle, tears welling up in her eyes. Eleanor reached out to her but she shrug off her daughter and went back into the house. Grandpa shakenly got up from his chair and spat over the railing, as if the four men were still right in front of him. He yelled some incoherent words, but Eleanor knew they weren't anything a good Christian was supposed to hear anyway. Perhaps God himself gave the old man a stroke to stop his endless cussing. Somehow she knew this was a hopeless case. Elton was right about something, you can't win from the railroad. They owned almost everything and what didn't come to them easily, they took with force. Their ranch would be no different.[Chapter 6] Chapter 6 hope you enjoy! Inside, mother had retreated to her favorite part of the house, the kitchen. And refused to speak to anyone. \"what was that all about?\" Frank asked innocently, sitting on the couch and giving Eleanor a slightly scared look when she came back in. The young woman opened her mouth to say something, but she didn't know where to start. \"progress, Frank.. the railroad\" Butch spoke from a corner of the small livingroom. He was peering through the curtains, following the men as they rode off into the distance. \"they want the ranch, damn sharks\" Eleanor finally said. \"Take the money and go\" Butch said, turning to give the girl a quick look. \"ah know for a fact that the man holding the reins in the railroad business don't bend for anyone\" he continued. \"he aint very patient either\" Eleanor frowned. \"Mister Cole? What has he got to do with this? Elton is the real problem here. I'm pretty sure mister Cole wouldn't allow these methods if he knew about it\" she said. The sick criminal huffed. \"if you say so, little miss shark\" he said and retreated back to his bedroom to lay down. \"does anyone want pumpkin soup?!\" mother said, holding up a large, steaming pan. Her eyes red and puffy from crying, tears still rolling down her face. \"I made it this morning. We should eat.. we should live. Life goes on, that's what pa always said to us. Life goes on\" the woman rattled on, grabbing bowls left and right to serve everybody a bowl of soup. \"mother, please. Sit down. Everything will be alright\" Eleanor reached out to take the woman's arm, trying to get her to sit at the dinnertable, but she was shrugged off once again. \"and skip supper?! Oh no! not for the life of me! I won't live any other way just because some men in tall hats tell me I should! Come here, boy!\" Frank was at her side in a second and two bowls of soup were forced in his hands. \"take this to your friend, off you go! And tell him I don't wash half empty plates!\" The young outlaw nodded frantically and hurried off as fast as he could without spilling his soup. \"mother\" Eleanor tried. \"we will find a way to keep the ranch. I promise you. Even if we have to fight them off, we will! Grandpa can shoot.. God knows I can. Father taught me, remember?\" the older woman finally sat down and started crying silently in her handkerchief. Eleanor hated to see her mother cry. There was no evil in this woman, she didn't deserve any of this. Nor Elton's treatment, nor caring for two criminals. \"that is not what I raised a daughter for! Shooting at the government!\" her mother sobbed. Inside Butch' bedroom, Frank watched his leader spoon down his soup while staring at the wall in front of him. The young outlaw found it hard to swallow anything at the moment, since there were two crying women in the adjoining room. \"ah find it mighty sad for miss and mrs. Hartley they gon' lose the ranch, Butch\" he said. His leader gave him a quick look from the corner of his eyes and grunted. \"where are they supposed to go?\" Frank continued. Butch shrugged, shoving another spoonful of soup into his mouth. No one seemed to notice he was eating it without threatening to shoot someone first, that seemed to have been a big deal only yesterday. Today other problems had surfaced. \"can't we go kill this man Elton?\" the young criminal finally asked. Now Butch lowered his spoon and turned his head to meet Frank's hopeful gaze. \"I ain't killin' anyone for no one, ye got that, Frank?\" Frank nodded frantically. \"ah can do it, Butch! Ye don't have te do anythin'!\" he offered. \"now listen here, boy. Ye go and kill a railroad man and I swear I'll shoot ye myself\" Butch replied, giving him a stern gaze. Frank frowned in confusion. \"but why, Butch? We don't like them railroad men.. do we?\" But his gang leader was done with the conversation and refused to say no more. Later that afternoon, Eleanor decided to check up on the two criminals. It seemed Butch had dozed off after his lunch once more, and Frank was trying to read to him, sitting in a chair next to the bed. \"how is he?\" she asked. Frank looked up and smiled at her before peering at his sleeping chief. \"ah think he's doin' much better than yesterday, miss Eleanor\" he said. \"get this idiot out of my bedroom\" grumbled Butch, clearly not asleep at all. \"he's reading to me while holding that damn book upside down, so it don't make no sense what he's saying\" Eleanor couldn't help but laugh watching Frank turn the book around quickly. \"ah was thinkin'.. this is a strange story myself but.. ah don't read very well so\" the young criminal said. \"I'm sorry, Butch\" \"put down that book and git out\" Butch growled, turning his back toward the crowd. Frank stumbled over his feet while trying to leave the room as fast as he could, but Eleanor staid. \"How are you feeling?\" she asked softly and sat down in the chair. \"None of yer goddamn business\" was his gruff reply. \"well, I think it is, since I am the one taking care of you. How is your stomach?\" she asked. \"still there..\" \"you kept your soup inside, that's a good thing. I think it's making progress\" the young woman said, trying to smile. \"uhu\" His replies were too short and not hostile enough to be normal, and she started worrying. She got up and walked around the bed so she could see his face. \"Mr. Cavendish, please talk to me. I know something is going on. I can't help you if you won't tell me\" she said, kneeling down beside the bed to look him in the eyes. They were red and hazy, like he was getting overheated. She reached out to touch his forehead to check for fever, but he recoiled and growled, moving away from her hand. \"Git away from me!\" \"You're burning up! Your fever has spiked! Mother!\" the girl got to her feet and ran out, leaving the outlaw to flinch at her loud voice. His head was killing him, but he wouldn't tell them that. Maybe he should tell Frank, so the kid could get him some laudanum. Maybe that would be a good idea. But before he had the chance to muster the strength to call for Frank, Eleanor had returned with her unamused mother. \"there is no peace in this house as long as you two refuse to communicate!\" Mrs. Hartley spoke, pulling the blankets off Butch roughly. \"get up, you lazy dog! In the tub with you before you lose your wits! Frying your brain like that won't make you look any tougher, it just makes you look stupid!\" the older woman had proven once again she didn't fear the devil himself. And right now, he was too sick to argue and got to his feet shakenly. \"where's Frank?\" he mumbled, as the room turned before his eyes. \"Making himself useful in the stables. You don't think I let him lie in bed all day like I do with you? There's nothing wrong with him! Now off you go\" Mother said, her sharp voice cutting through his painful head. He had to hold on to the walls to not fall down, and when his legs finally gave out completely, Eleanor grabbed him around his thin waist and held him up. If he had felt any better, he would have pushed her away, but right now he had to admit he was grateful of her help. Mother had already half-filled the old, rusty tub with cold water when they arrived in the bathroom. \"Take off your shirt and pants\" the older woman said without looking at him. Butch raised an eyebrow and looked at the young girl, her arms still wrapped around his waist in support. \"well, little miss shark, yer welcome to stay of course\" he mumbled, trying to sound as sly as possible in his current state. She let go of him so abruptly, he had to cling on to the doorpost to not collapse right there. \"Eleanor Christina Angela Hartley! That is not how you treat a sick person!\" her mother said, causing Eleanor to open her mouth to protest, but one look of her mother rendered her quiet and she left with stamping feet. Butch chuckled as she passed by, reaching up to unbutton his shirt. \"ah must say, ma. You do one hell of a job raising that there little hellcat. Ye sure ye can handle me too?\" he spoke softly, placing his shirt on a chair. \"I've washed the farm dog before, I don't think you'll be much different\" was her reply. He huffed in agitation and almost fell over twice getting out of his dusty pants. \"now get into that tub and don't let me hear any of that complaining about cold water, mister outlaw. I'll get that fever out of you, even if I have to keep you in that tub all night long\" she continued. When Frank returned from the stables, he found Eleanor sitting on the couch with her arms crossed across her chest. \"did he say sumthin' mean to you, miss Eleanor?\" he asked. \"he don't like bein' sick, ah think\" she shook her head and gave him a slight smile. \"he's not doing very well, Frank. He's got a serious fever. Mother took over, she's better at fighting fevers than me\" she said. The young man frowned and sat down next to her. \"ah thinks yer a very good nurse, miss Eleanor. Butch is just a grumpy old man sometimes. Ah knows he's grateful for all you and ma did for him. ah knows ah am\" he tried to cheer her up. He would have said more if a clap of thunder hadn't startled them both. Outside the dog started barking and grandfather started yelling incoherent words again. \"there's a storm coming. Grandpa thinks it's going to rain all night\" Eleanor spoke bluntly, getting a surprised look from Frank. \"is that what he said?\" he asked. She nodded and sighed, like it was the most normal thing in the world to understand the gibberish of an old man. \"ah don't like storms\" Frank said, looking at the window worriedly. \"If I have to sleep outside during a storm, I wouldn't like them either. When I'm inside I like the sound of the pouring rain on the roof\" she said. \"we sleep under our horses when it rains. But horses tend to move around when they stand, so ye git wet no matter what\" Frank said, causing Eleanor to giggle at the thought of a few outlaws moving around to the position of their horses to shelter from the rain. \"ye think mother would let me see Butch?\" he asked. \"I don't think she'd try to stop you. I doubt he's in an amiable mood knowing he's in a tub of cold water, though\" Eleanor chuckled. At that moment, mother entered the living room and went straight to the kitchen. Frank got up to his feet and followed her around while she grabbed a pan and put it on the stove. \"How is he? Is he really cold?\" the older woman manoeuvred herself around the curious young criminal and pointed at the top shelf. \"get me that one, you beanstake\" she said. He looked up at a row of liquor bottles. \"ah don't think his belly would be really happy with that right now, ma\" he said, rubbing his chin. \"what are you talking about?! I'm not going to serve him a drink! Now get me that bottle of rum over there!\" he quickly did as he was told, standing on the tips of his toes to reach the shelf. \"ah don't think alcohol is the answer, ma'm. ah know Butch can be a real handful but ah don't think he's causing you te drink, does he?\" he asked, handing her the bottle of rum. Mother only huffed and mumbled something about young men not receiving the proper raising they need. She poured the rum in a pan to heat it up and stirred in it contently. Frank peered in the pan, his brain working overtime to figure out what the older woman was planning on. \"is this goin' te make him better?\" he asked. \"He'll be sweating out the fever tonight, that's for darn sure\" mother replied. \"just ask Eleanor herself. She was only a wee little thing when she got the bad cough that strikes these parts every winter. Put a pan of hot rum under her bed and wrapped her in blankets I did, and she was right as rain in the morning\" Frank's jaw had dropped at the story. \"no more coughing?\" he peeped. Mother shook her head and smiled at him. \"not one little huff\" It seemed like someone had just unravelled a magic trick in front of Frank's eyes, the look of amazement on his face was almost comical and certainly endearing. \"so we're goin' to wrap Butch in blankets now?\" he went on. \"are you volunteering?\" mother joked, laughing as she watched him shake his head quickly, his eyes turning to saucers. \"he aint the cuddlin' type, ah tried\" he said. \"you don't need to cuddle him, you silly boy! Eleanor, go check on his fever. He shouldn't be in that tub for too long or we'll kill him with a lung infection. Very effective against outlaws\" mother spoke, giving Frank a stern look, who in turn paled. Eleanor was less than thrilled with her chore, but she couldn't leave everything to her mother. She peered around the doorway into the bathroom and saw Butch shivering in the tub, his knees up to his chin and his arms wrapped around his legs. He looked perfectly miserable with his long, greying hair in wet strands covering most of his face. She decided to try and handle this like her mother would do. \"alright, time to get out of that water. We don't want you to catch cold\" she said, walking into the bathroom and grabbing a towel from the chair. He looked up at her slowly, shivering like a wet kitten, but his eyes ever warning his surroundings to not come any closer. \"and here ah was thinkin' ah had seen the last of little miss shark\" he spoke with a trembling voice. \"no you have not, unfortunately\" she replied, her gaze going over the many scars covering his body. His back looking like he had been lashed with a whip, or a belt. \"ah suppose our lady over here never saw a man in his drawers before, ahm ah right?\" he asked, giving her a sly grin. \"all these scars..\" she mumbled, unaware she was talking out loud. He raised his eyebrows and rested his chin on his knees, still peering up at her. \"aint polite to stare, little miss shark. Ahm sure yer momma told ye that. Let's talk about them scars some other time, when ahm not freezing mah nuts off\" he said, waking her from her trance. \"yes, of course.. my apologies\" she said and handed him the towel. Very gingerly he raised himself up and wrapped the towel around his body tightly. Mother came in when he was buttoning up the clean shirt Eleanor had handed to him, one that had belonged to her father. \"how's your head, mister outlaw?\" she asked and walked up to him to feel his forehead. \"still warm, but no longer spiking. Off to bed with you\" he seemed too tired to argue or sneer, for he just nodded and slowly made his way back to his bedroom where he practically collapsed onto the bed. \"Get the winter furs, Elly\" Mother instructed her daughter. Eleanor opened the large wooden chest in a corner of the room and revealed some finely prepared buffalo furs. \"Now these belonged to my dear father in law, mister outlaw. So you know how privileged you are that I allow you to use them for tonight\" Mother spoke sternly, placing the furs on Butch' bed. Frank had been silently watching from the doorway how the two women tried to aid his ailing leader as much as they could. Once again, the young outlaw was torn between enjoying the company of the gang, and the voice in the back of his head telling him what they did was wrong. He had been nothing but an abandoned child before he met Butch, and so he basically owed his life to the vicious leader of the \"Hole in the wall\" gang. There were hardly any paternal feelings to be found in Butch, but Frank knew the others had been ordered to keep an eye on the youngest member. Ray had taught him how to handle a gun. Jesus had taught him how to ride a horse and Butch had taught him to shut up and do as he was told. He was shaken from his thoughts when mother pushed him aside. \"Move yourself out of the doorway, boy! You're in my way!\" she said, and returned with a steaming pan of rum moments later. The pan was placed underneath Butch' bed, who eyed it all suspiciously. \"smells nice, can ah drink it?\" he chuckled softly. Mother rounded on him. \"you let that pan sit there and do its work, did I make myself clear, mister outlaw?! If you're well enough to drink, you're well enough to be on your feet and out of this house, let that be understood!\" she turned to Eleanor and Frank. \"you two can take turns on watching him tonight. I want to know his temperature every hour. I have to bring grandpa his dinner\" she bustled out of the bedroom. Another clap of thunder cracked through the sky, making the horses neigh in the stables. Frank rushed over to the bedside and shoved the chair as close to the bed as possible. \"ah'll do it first, miss Eleanor. Ye did enough, ah think\" he said, looking absolutely terrified. \"knucklehead is scared o' thunder\" Butch grumbled, rolling onto his back and stretching lazily. \"whenever ah find him next te me in the mornin' ah know what the weather was like during the night\" he chuckled. \"not true!\" Frank protested. Eleanor laughed and decided to leave the two to eachother's company and try to get some sleep. NFTA (note from the author): Butch Cassidy's gang was called \"the hole in the wall gang\" and the rum method was actually used during these times.[Chapter 7] 7th chapter is up. Read and review plz! Chapter 7 She remembered what father used to say about autumn storms during the night. \"the Lord has kittens during the fall. Like many cats have litters that time of year. And look at our cat, Elly. She comes alive at night. By morning, they will be sleeping in their little baskets by the fire, done running. Until another one of those nights come along\" She wondered if she should tell Frank about God's kittens. The story made her less afraid of thunder when she was a little girl. She'd tell the kittens goodnight in ever bedtime prayer, until mother put a stop to it. It was 2 in the morning when she woke up with a start. Had Frank gone to bed yet? She thought he would wake her when it was her time to sit with Butch. Wrapped in her blanket, she got out of bed, careful not to wake her mother and tiptoed down the narrow hall. \"it's alright, Butch. Ahm with ye. Aint nuthin' gonna harm ye now\" she heard Frank's voice say softly, as if he was trying not to wake the whole house. She peered around the doorway of the small bedroom and saw Frank holding Butch' hand, while the older criminal tossed and turned in his feverish nightmares. It was hard to imagine they were both infamous criminals with a good price on their heads if you saw them like this. She knew the Texas rangers were always on their trail. She decided to make her presence known when Butch started trashing around even more and Frank started to look like he was about to panic. \"How long has he been like this?\" she spoke, stepping into the room. Frank didn't look up and shrugged. \"ah fell asleep when ye left. Ah woke up because he was calling mah name. He had them bad dreams before but..ah aint never seen him like this.. not this bad\" he said quietly. \"ah don't know if ah should wake him. Ma always said not to wake people when they have them bad dreams\" \"it's just the fever, Frank. He's sweating it out. Would you like some tea?\" Eleanor offered, but the young man frowned and shook his head. \"Not if that means ah have te leave his side now. Ah think he wants me here\" She approached the bed slowly to take a closer look at Butch. His breathing was heavy, like he barely got the amount of air he needed, and his forehead was covered in sweat. \"he aint doin' too good, is he?\" Frank asked, looking up at her sadly. She felt sorry for the young criminal who had to watch the only man that resembled a friend deteriorate more and more. \"will he be alright?\" was the next question she couldn't answer. Sometimes, Butch seemed to feel slightly better, and then came another setback. His body was fighting something heavy, and she didn't know if he was strong enough to live through it. He was so thin. So she placed her hand on Frank's shoulder and squeezed in an attempt to comfort him. \"I don't know\" she replied in all honesty. Another bold of lightning ripped through the sky, lighting up the distant prairie for a split second. When the clap of thunder followed, Butch sat up straight in his bed, awakened by the sound. His eyes wide and his breathing heavy, as if he had just faced the most horrible demons you could imagine. \"where am I?\" he said, looking around, his eyes not yet used to the dim light in the room. \"ahm here, Butch. Ahm so glad yer awake, ye were dreaming\" Frank peeped, keeping himself from hugging his gang leader. Butch' breathing slowly evened out as he grew calmer and he slowly laid back down in the pillows, rubbing his eyes. \"ahm dying\" he suddenly said, causing Frank to look crestfallen. \"wh..whut? no yer not! Ye'll be alright. Just a dream!\" the young man protested, but Butch shook his head. \"ahm pretty sick, Frank\" Somehow Eleanor was starting to realize he didn't know she was in the room. She reached out to lit the oillamp on the nightstand to reveal her presence to the second outlaw that night. But even when locking eyes with her for a short moment, he didn't seem to care much. \"gon' be hard te dig a hole in that there frozen ground, little miss shark\" he spoke weakly. She shook her head and nodded at Frank, who was currently trying his best not to start crying. \"don't say things like that now, mister Cavendish, please\" she said. \"I will go wake my mother\" \"no!\" Butch said firmly, shaking his head. \"Ye won't wake anyone. Ah don't want anymore bustlin' about and dragging me from mah bed. Ahm good where ah am. Ye girls did all ye could\" he continued, sending Frank even more into a frenzy. \"stop yer wailing ye idiot\" But the young man shook his head. \"ah can't, Butch! Ah don't want ye te die. What do I tell Ray when he comes back and yer dead?\" The gang leader sighed deeply and reached up to smooth his hair back. With difficulty, he sat up a little and poked Frank's shoulder with a trembling hand. \"Thunder suddenly don't seem that scary anymore, does it, boy?\" he said, giving Frank a small smile when he looked up in surprise. He hadn't been paying attention to the storm at all since Butch got so bad. \"aint nuthin' quite as scary as losing a friend, Butch\" Frank spoke. The gang leader nodded in agreement and laid back down, making himself comfortable again. \"why don't ye go make miss Hartley and me some tea? Go make yerself useful\" he grumbled. Frank looked desperate, he didn't want to leave Butch' side, but orders were orders so he got up from the chair and shuffled out of the bedroom with a barely hearable \"alright, Butch\" There was a short silence between Butch and the young woman. \"you wanted him out of this room, didn't you?\" she asked. He nodded, staring up at the ceiling. \"Ah really don't feel good. Don't want anyone around. Especially not Frank\" she frowned lightly. \"you want me to go?\" she asked. Another silence followed. \"ye can stay, little miss shark\" she sat down in Frank's chair, not really knowing what to do to offer comfort to the dangerous outlaw, but she didn't want to do nothing, or give him the idea she was afraid of him, so she reached out and took his hand, squeezing it lightly. He looked at her, raising one eyebrow and gave her a small smile. \"ah knew ye'd git fond of me\" she chuckled a little. \"Just rest. I'll be here\" she assured him, making him chuckle. \"thought ye were sure a hard ass, miss Hartley. Buy ye seem to have a heart after all, hm?\" he gave her a wink. \"Just sleep, mister Cavendish\" But he shook his head. \"I aint goin' back there, if ye don't mind. Ah'll be awake for a bit\" she nodded in understanding. Despite the way he felt, his dreams were worse. \"Tell me about yerself. Got a feller walkin' around somewhere? Chasin' cows up and down a plain er somethin'?\" he asked and laughed when she started blushing. \"I'm not married, if that's what you're referring to\" she replied. He gave her a wicked grin. \"ah know yer not married, but that doesn't stop a lot a gals from keeping fellers\" she huffed in offense. \"I was raised better than that, mind you\" she shot back. He nodded, still chuckling despite his exhaustion. \"weren't we all\" Frank came back with a tray with three steaming cups of tea and placed it carefully on the small table next to the bed. His eyes still red and his cheeks still wet from crying, he handed Eleanor her cup and she quietly thanked him. Tears started rolling down his cheeks again when he handed Butch his cup. \"are ye feelin' any better?\" he asked weakly, afraid of the answer. Butch gave him an irritated look. \"not any better than 10 minutes ago, Frank. I don't know why either!\" he shot back. Eleanor, feeling sorry for the young boy, placed her hand on his arm gently. \"why don't you go lay on the couch and take some rest? I'll sit with mister Cavendish for now\" she offered, but Frank shook his head again. \"Do as the lady tells ye, go te sleep\" ordered Butch. Frank crossed his arms in defiance, still refusing. \"when ah wake up you'll be dead\" he said, more tears rolling down his cheeks. \"ah promise ah won't be, how about that?\" Butch said, giving Eleanor a small look. \"ye promise?\" Frank asked, looking at his leader pleadingly. \"Ah promise te do mah best\" it seemed to be enough for Frank, for he turned around and left to collapse on the couch in the livingroom. \"I'm going out to get a doctor for you tomorrow. I believe my mother and I did all we could. You need someone who knows what to do\" Eleanor spoke softly, looking at the gang leader sadly, but he shook his head. \"ye ain't going out there with mah gang riding around these parts. Ah ain't there te keep that pack of dogs from tearing ye to shreds\" he said. She tilted her head in curiosity. \"Are you trying to protect me, mister Cavendish? That seems an odd development after threatening to kill me and my mother a couple of times\" she said. He smiled at her. \"ah warned ye not te sneak up on sleeping dogs, but ye just had te come in here. What else is a poor criminal te do when he's used to everybody wanting te kill him?\" he chuckled. \"well I'm glad you figured out we mean you no harm. Us poor ranch ladies. We wouldn't stand a chance\" she said. He laughed and spread his arms, presenting himself. \"ah yea? Well look at me, ye got me on mah back in a pretty vulnerable position, little lady. Ah ain't even wearing pants and ah have honestly no idea where my gun went\" he said with a chuckle, but he soon grew serious again and gazed at her for a while. \"ah little kindness goes a long way, especially in these here parts. Aint many ranch ladies that would have done what you did, eventhough ye feel ye never had a choice, yer sitting here at mah bedside keeping me company. Ye made that choice, aint nobody forced ye te do something like that\" he said, studying her as she lowered her gaze to her folded hands in her lap. \"ah aint gonna harm ye, miss Hartley. And nuthin' will be done te yer ranch when mah boys come back. So stop yer fretting. Ah had te listen to Frank's whining about yer lovely smile for two days now, and ah don't think ah've ever seen it myself. Ah aint good company when ahm jealous\" he said, giving her his kindest smile, a rare thing to see. She blushed, but couldn't help but smile despite trying to avoid his eyes. \"Ahh there it is.. that wasn't so hard was it? Ah'll sleep much better now\" he said, making himself comfortable again and pulling the blankets up to his chin. She listened to the rain on the rooftop and the other sounds from outside. A coyote howled in the distance, causing one of the horses to neigh in uneasiness. She studied the gang leader for a while, the scars on his worn face and his silver plated tooth. He looked more at ease than before, as if he felt more comfortable with his present situation. And eventhough it looked satisfying, it could also mean his body was preparing to shut down completely. She had seen it before, people seem to be more at peace with death waiting just around the corner. But for now she could still see the slow but laboured rise and fall of his chest. She reached out to feel his forehead with the back of her hand ever so gently, she didn't know if he was asleep or not. He opened one eye to peer at her with a wary gaze when he felt her touch. \"Don't do that\" he warned, not keen on being touched, especially when he didn't have his eyes open and was trying to sleep. \"I have to check your fever every now and then\" she said, giving him a small reassuring smile. \"You're still very hot. Would you like a wet cloth on your forehead? It might help with the nightmares. It's quite possible they're caused by your brain getting overheated\" he thought about the offer for a moment. He really didn't want to return to those images his fevered brain cooked up before. \"alright\" he mumbled and watched her as she wrung out a cloth above the wash basin. She reached out to brush a few strands of his long hair away from his brow before dabbing his skin gently. He flinched the first few times she came so close to him, not used to being touched in such a tender matter, but he got used to it soon enough and tried to relax. \"what happened to your lip?\" she asked. He stared at her for a moment, but she didn't meet his gaze, too occupied with dabbing his neck. \"ah got mah ass kicked rather bad when ah was 12\" he grumbled, embarrassed. She stopped for a moment and met his gaze, a shocked expression on her face. \"12? Who treats a 12 year old so roughly that this happened?\" \"mah pa was a mean old mister\" She could only stare at him in pure bewilderment. \"Your..your father did that to you?\" she asked. He nodded and shrugged a little. \"slammed an empty whiskey bottle in mah face. Ah probably deserved it, ah don't remember why he did it\" he said matter of factly, like it was nothing to be concerned about, like it happened every day in the world he grew up in. \"so where's yer old man?\" he asked her, trying to change the subject. She was too shocked to reply right away and needed a few moments to collect her bearings. \"He passed away a few years ago after a short period of sickness. Mother says he died of the cough. I had it when I was a child but.. I survived\" she said while refreshing the cloth in the wash basin. \"he taught me how to fire a gun\" at that he chuckled. \"ah bet he did\" \"people didn't think it suitable for a woman to know how to fire a gun, so I don't flaunt that particular skill\" she continued, fumbling her hands together in nervousness. \"ain't suitable for a woman to do a lot of things. Hiding a wanted criminal for example, don't fall too good with the law either\" he chuckled, his eyes still closed. There was a short silence between the two. \"so what are you two ladies going te do about keeping this ranch away from the railroad? Ah know ye aint gonna sell it anytime soon, are ye? And those four nice suits will return fer sure\" he said. She thought for a moment, what were they going to do? \"I don't know, mister Cavendish. I don't know what can be done. I know it would break my mother's heart to lose this ranch. Father's parents build it with their own bare hands. I even believe my grandmother carried my pa in her belly when they were still putting a roof on this place. You came at the right time, if you had gotten sick a year later, we might have not been here to take care of you\" she said. \"there wouldn't have been no ranch or ladies to take over and demand things from\" \"well don't ye go do them stupid things and fight with the railroad, little miss shark. I know ye got a nice row of teeth, but that aint gonna do ye much good this time. Take it from me. Ah know these boys. They're tough as nails, they won't back down. They get paid too much te back down\" he said, giving her a stern look. She could only look back in surprise and confusion. \"You know them?\" He rolled his eyes. \"well not personally. But ah've seen the mess they can leave behind when a rancher's family refused to give up their land. This ranch will be nothing but a smouldering heap of ash, and you and your mother.. ye think they will let ye just go and ride into the sunset once they come over te claim it for real?!\" he said, raising his voice a little more each time. Was this girl daft? \"welcome te the real world, miss shark!\" he fell back into his pillows panting. The whole speech had taken a lot from him. \"well why would you care? Once you're better, you'll be the one riding off into the sunset. Isn't that so, mister Cavendish?\" she asked softly, straightening the covers of his bed and refreshing the cool cloth on his forehead in an attempt to calm him down.[Chapter 8] Chapter 8 is ready! Thanks to all the wonderful reviews, follows and favs! They inspire me to keep writing. Little bit of action is coming your way. I finally decided where I want this story to go. Hope you enjoy! When Eleanor woke up, her head was resting on the soft winter furs and the bed was empty. Butch was nowhere to be seen. His clothes and boots were gone too, and the only thing that betrayed his previous stay in her bedroom was his gun on the nightstand. So he hadn't left. He wouldn't leave without his revolver, she thought. Something heavy and warm that was placed around her shoulders, slid to the floor when she sat up. One of the furs had been wrapped around her. Smoothing the hair from her face and rubbing the sleep from her eyes she stretched. Her back aching softly from her uncomfortable sleeping position. Warm rays of a newborn autumn sun fell through the window panels, making dust particles dance around the small room. It was still early. She doubted if mother was even up yet. The house didn't smell like freshly prepared breakfast, so the older woman was probably still sleeping. She wrapped the fur around her shoulders and decided to go look for the previous occupant of the bed. When she entered the living room she was greeted by a sleepy dog, unsteady on its old legs from just getting up. Frank lay sprawled out on the couch, snoring lightly. One of the cats had rolled up on his stomach and looked quite content with her new sleeping spot. The house was remarkably quiet. The seemingly never ending prairie surrounding their lands was as silent as a graveyard in the early hours of the morning. As if the sun had to warm up the frozen lands and bring everything back to life again with its glow. The only sound that reached her ears were the birds announcing the first light had been seen and the familiar creaking of grandfather's chair. She was pretty sure grandpa was still sleeping in his own bedroom in the shack next to the stables. He wanted to be close to the animals during the night. To prevent thieves from taking off with their precious livestock, and to keep the coyotes away from the chickens and piglets. She opened the front door silently to not wake anyone and stepped onto the porch. She found Butch in the rocking chair, staring at the sunrise with a steaming cup of coffee in his hand and a blanket wrapped around himself. He looked up at her with one eye closed against the blinding sunlight and gave her a crooked and tired smile. \"Morning'\" he said. \"Have a seat. Best show is in town. All free o' charge\" She followed his gaze to the horizon for a moment, blinking against the light \"you gave me a scare. I thought you..\" she started. \"Ye thought what?\" he interrupted her and looked at her sharply. \"That I'd be dead by mornin'?\" he chuckled and shook his head. \"Nah.. no such luck, little miss shark. Not today\" she sat down in the chair next to his and studied his tired weathered face for a moment. Almost expecting him to breathe his last breath right there in the rocking chair. It had only been last night he announced he was feeling death creeping inside his body. He knew she was looking at him cause he held out his coffee for her without making eye contact. \"It's pretty strong\" he warned when she took the mug from him. she took a small sip and started coughing. It was probably the strongest coffee she had ever tasted and it felt like her lungs expanded when she swallowed the hot beverage. He chuckled and fished the cup from her hands before she could spill it in her struggle to breathe. She regained her composure and shook her head, still panting lightly. \"That.. must do a number on your fragile stomach, mister Cavendish. You shouldn't drink that\" she said. Her shrugged and downed the mug in one final swig. drops of coffee trickled down his chin and he wiped them away with his sleeve, tossing the empty cup up and down in his hand. \"Ah probably shouldn't do a lot of things. But sometimes a man doesn't have much of a choice\" he said and placed the cup on the wooden floor beside his chair. \"I take it you're feeling better than\" she said. He didn't answer and gazed at the horizon once more. the sun almost completely visible now. Soon the house would awaken and the day would start. \"Mister Cavendish..\" she urged him softly, needing confirmation that he was indeed improving. They had come to agree upon some sort of truce, even though it had been a silent agreement, but she still didn't want him to linger around the ranch longer than necessary. \"yea..\" he finally said, not taking his eyes off the rising sun. \"just played out..\" \"And your stomach?\" \"Well, ah might just retch up all o' that coffee all over yer shoes but.. \" he looked at her shocked expression and chuckled. \"Got ya there.. mah gut is fine. Little tender, maybe. Yer mother's method worked, ah suppose\" She couldn't help but smile and feel a strange sort of pride at that statement. Her mother, a simple rancher's wife, saving the big bad Butch Cavendish from the brink of death. The poor woman didn't deserve to have to waste her healing talents on wanted criminals, but the mere fact she could do it made her a heroin in her daughter's eyes. \"did you mean what you said last night? About.. leaving us and the ranch untouched\" she asked. He didn't answer right away because a group of white tailed deer had decided to pass through their lands. Between the house and the stable, the brown colored animals stood off against the pale yellow dust. One of the doe's had a fawn that couldn't be older than two days. It had barely learned how to walk and followed its mother clumsily. The group stopped in front of the house, sniffing the air cautiously. Right at that moment the front door slammed open and Frank tripped over a bucket while running onto the porch. \"Miss Eleanor! Butch's bed is empty and ah can't finds him!\" the deer scattered away on breakneck speed, their white tails up in alarm and Butch slammed his hand down on the elbow rest of his chair. \"FRANK! Godammit!\" he hollered and Frank didn't know how fast he had to get back inside, tripping over the same bucket in the process. A cheerful \"ah founds him!\" could be heard and Butch rolled his eyes. Eleanor couldn't help but burst out laughing at the whole situation and covered her mouth to hide her chuckling. The criminal gave her a slightly amused look. The front door opened again and this time mother peered around the doorway. \"what are you two doing out here in the cold morning air? Fetching ourselves a lung infection, are we? If you think I'm in the mood for two patients at the same time you got another thing coming. Elly! Them cows need milking and they aint gonna do it themselves, mind you!\" she said and closed the door with a loud bang. There was a short sort of awkward silence between them for a moment. The kind of effect it had when you were scolded by your mother in front of a wanted outlaw who hadn't been scolded since he was six years old. Everyone who had tried it after that age hadn't lived to tell the tale. Eleanor got up from her seat and brushed off her skirt. \"You best be out of that rocking chair before grandpa wakes up and puts his shotgun to your head. Cause mind you he will\" she said and chuckled when Butch made every effort to look as unimpressed as he possibly could. But when she had finished dressing for the day and made her way to the stables, grandfather was occupying the rocking chair and Butch was nowhere to be seen. Frank proved to be a useful contribution to the farm. Each day, mother made him do chores she or her daughter simply couldn't do. Like climbing onto the roof with a bucket of nails and a hammer to fix a few broken planks. It had caused leaks inside the stable every time it rained. He was more than happy to help with whatever needed to be repaired. Especially now that Butch seemed to be on the mend. Eleanor had the idea mother was putting the young man to work to compensate for his still recovering leader. It probably made the older woman feel less used in the current situation. Butch was doing better. But he still couldn't be up for very long before feeling nauseas and dizzy again. He wandered around the ranch by himself and threw pebbles at Frank while he was working on the roof, until mother threatened to lock them both in the gear room. He had grown tired soon after that and was forced to lay down. But instead of locking himself in Eleanor's bedroom like he had done the previous days, he occupied the couch and didn't want to be excluded from any conversation that took place in the livingroom. He had even complied to take his boots off when mother had repeatedly accused him of getting sand allover the couch. The older woman still grudgingly refused to have a real conversation with the recovering outlaw while she was knitting in the armchair next to the couch. But then again, no one could say Butch was really giving it some serious effort either. When Eleanor entered the livingroom around lunchtime, the silence was deafening and it was rather obvious the two were having a wordless showdown. The young woman sighed and placed the bucket of milk on the dining table rather loudly. \"well this looks like a rather amiable scene\" she said. Mother gave her an unamused look from over her knitting work, a brown colored monstrosity that vaguely resembled a scarf. \"Even if I'm forced to share my livingroom with the devil himself, I won't cease my work over it for one darn minute\" the woman said, giving Butch an irritable look. \"He's not the devil, mother\" said Eleanor and opened the oven to take out the tray \"And you almost burned the biscuits\" \"what ye girls gonna do about this ranch and the railroad, anyway? Looks te me like there aint gonna be biscuits te burn pretty soon\" Butch mumbled, his face covered by his hat. \"Any suggestions, mister Cavendish? Rob a bank to pay them off, maybe?\" Mother sneered, holding up the scarf to see if she made any mistake in the pattern. Butch removed his hat from his face and ran a hand through his hair. \"There aint no bank in these here parts that holds enough money te keep out the railroad, I can tell ye that\" he chuckled. Eleanor offered him a biscuit but he refused, feeling nauseous and too tired to eat. \"You shouldn't have been running around all morning\" Mother scolded him gently. \"Now you're paying the price\" \"Ahm fine. Give it te Frank. He's the one workin' his butt off like some damn idiot\" Butch shot back. \"Frank, mister Cavendish, is paying for what you both are taking from this ranch!\" Mother said, standing her ground as always. \"I don't suspect lowlives such as yourself to understand how paying and receiving works but let me tell you one thing.. that boy out there.. he'll be ten times the man you'll ever be, and that's just how it is\" with that statement she grabbed the plate with biscuits from Eleanor's hands and went outside to offer Frank both his own and Butch's meal, making sure the door slammed in its lock. \"Ah can't wait te tell that woman Frank shot a fourteen year old girl because she wouldn't hand over her bonnet\" Butch mumbled, placing his hat over his eyes again. \"Please don't.. he's turning out to be the son she always wished for. They wanted a boy.. my parents. I don't blame them for it either. Out here it's much more useful to raise a son instead of a daughter\" Eleanor said, sitting down in her mother's armchair. She took a bite out of her biscuit, chewing on the dry and bland tasting bread. \"ahm gonna be sick\" \"I know.. women are treated so unfairly in these parts. I'm glad you agree\" \"No I'm really gonna be sick..\" Butch growled and got up from the couch to rush outside to empty his stomach over the railing of the porch. The barrel of grandfather's shotgun pressed against his back firmly. Still panting, the outlaw reached behind him and pushed the shotgun away irritably. There was nothing solid in his stomach to throw up. Only fluids, and they burned his throat. He looked down at the wet spot in the yellow sand, drying up quickly in the warm afternoon sun. He wasn't out of the woods yet, but he recognized every symptom and that sort of comforted him. It always got worse before it would get better. He just hoped the worst was over. This place was making his restless. \"Ahm fallin' apart.. \" he mumbled, wiping his mouth with his sleeve and turned to face the old man. \"Ye must know what ahm talkin' about, oldtimer..ahm sure yer dick fell off years ago. So don't ye go and pressin' barrels against mah back again or ye'll regret it\" Grandfather didn't make any movement to lower his gun until his granddaughter joined the scene with a worried expression on her face. \"Are you alright?\" she asked Butch. \"Don't matter if ah do or don't.. ahm riding out tomorrow te find the others. Ah'll leave Frank here so he can finish whut he started\" the outlaw replied gruffly without looking at her. \"And come back fer him in a few days\" \"what made you decide this out of all sudden? You're not recovered yet. Not enough to ride\" Eleanor said, trying to make him to look at her, but he refused to make eye contact. \"ah know mahself much better than ye do, little miss shark. So don't ye go and tell me whether ahm fit te ride er not. If ah say ah am.. then ah am\" he shot back. \"And this has taken long enough anyway\" \"it obviously hasn't taken long enough if you're still vomiting allover the place, has it? Are you going to undo all the hard work my mother and I put in your recovery just because you're feeling restless?\" Eleanor said exasperated. She didn't quite understand herself why she was urging him to stay where he was. Hadn't it been her goal to patch him up enough for him to say that he was good to leave? \"and whut are ye gonna do when those four nice suits show up here again and find me and Frank cowering inside yer house? Hm? Just tell me what sort of genius plan ye had in yer goddamn stubborn mind te explain te those four why yer hiding wanted outlaws on yer property and still expect them te not hang ye for it!\" Butch hollered and turned to face her, his blue eyes spitting fire. \"Ah may not fix yer fucking fence or milk yer fucking cows but ah fucking know when ahm supposed te leave te ensure that this ranch won't be burned te the ground! Ah have mah own way te show gratitude, and ye best do well te remember that the greatest thing ah can do fer you is te git out of yer fucking life!\" He was a frightful sight to see when he was yelling so loudly and looking so furious and no one could deny that the thought he could very well kill her right there and then crossed Eleanor's mind. She decided to back off and leave him to make up his own mind. Butch Cavendish didn't negotiate, with no one. He was used to doing what he wanted to do, when he wanted it and no one could tell him to do otherwise. But the outburst had taken a number out of him and he went back inside, leaving the girl outside on the porch. Sorry for the swearing.. he did it.. *points at Butch*[Chapter 9] Chapter 9. Enjoy and thanks for the favs and reviews! They help a lot. R&R; please! When evening came and the sun finally disappeared on the horizon, a strange silence fell over the distant prairie. Too early for the usual quiet that emerged during the night. But to folks who lived out there, were raised there and build a life. The silence was a sign of something coming. Something that returned every year and cost a lot of people and animals their lives. The cold of winter. The cool season, as people called it, had arrived. And for those who lived outside the safety of a town it was the least favourable season of all. Because inside a town, most of the cold cutting wind from the North was blocked by the houses. Life was hard in the cold, windy wooden cabins out on the tall grass fields. Animals, as well as people, suffered from the cold. Cows could no longer stay outside when the snow started falling and the grass would freeze up. Horses needed blankets or they could get frostbite and die on you. You were nowhere without a horse. Grandfather had predicted the coming snow a month before. And as usual, the two women that ran the ranch had made the necessary preparations. Food has been stored and blankets had been purchased or handmade. More wood had been chopped and dried in grandpa's shed. It was all you could do to prepare for winter. There was no stopping it. It was going to be a cold night and Eleanor was grateful to have the two men inside the house for now. No one deserved to be out there in this weather. Not even criminals. She wondered how the rest of Butch' gang was doing. She hadn't had the time or bravery to get to know them better, and she now regretted that. \"Ah luv me some snow\" Frank said, gazing out of the window. \"ah was always pretty good at them snowball fights when ah was small\" Mother looked up from her knitting work. The scarf she was making was turning out to be a blanket. Not due to choice, but necessity. Mrs. Hartley had never been very good at knitting, but that didn't mean she didn't keep trying every late summer, to knit scarfs and sweaters for every occupant. All of them turning into quilts along the way. \"you're still small, Frank Taylor.. don't you waste a second thinking to yourself you're a grown man. A grown man makes his own decisions. And you are still following that wild dog around like you owe him\" she spoke. Frank frowned. \"Ah do owe him..\" he said quietly. \"Ah was all alone and e'said ah could come with him so ah did\" Mother huffed in disagreement, shooting a quick look at the closed bedroom door. Butch had been asleep for the rest of the day. She didn't know the details of the conversation he had had with her daughter, but it had somehow resulted in the outlaw locking himself away again. \"would you jump of a bridge if he told you so?\" she asked cynically. \"whut would he want me te do that for?\" She just raised her eyebrows, not looking up from her knitting work. Eleanor had been outside feeding the animals and entered the house, her shawl and hair dusted with the first snowflakes of the season. \"I took the sheep inside. No good for them to stay out in this weather. It's getting really cold\" she said and removed the shawl from her shoulders. \"I think we can let the hens out tomorrow though. There isn't much wind. I think they'll be fine in the daytime\" Mother placed her knitting to the side and got up to put the kettle on the fire. \"All this talk about the cold moving in makes me thirsty for some hot tea\" she mumbled more to herself than anyone else. Eleanor turned to Frank, who was still peering out of the window in silent wonderment. \"How's Mr. Cavendish?\" she asked. The young man shrugged a little, pulling the blanket around his shoulders tighter. As if a shiver had ran through his body at the mention of his leader. \"he got himself a tummy ache but.. that aint nuthin' new aint it?\" Eleanor sighed in annoyance, taking off her boots and tossing them into a corner. \"That man.. comes over here and scares the living daylights out of innocent women cause he's oh so ill and now wants to leave before he even recovered. I don't get it.. I don't get men.. I give up\" she said irritably. Frank blinked in confusion at her little rant. \"e'wants te leave? When?\" Now she had done it. Butch hadn't informed his gang member about his plans yet. She removed the braid from her hair and tousled the long wet strands, no longer in the mood for ribbons. If she was going to break the news to Frank, she would do it on her own terms. \"apparently he thinks it's a good idea to leave tomorrow morning to find his gang and leave you here to come back for you in a few days. He said he wanted you to finish what you started\" she explained, her hands in her sides. The young criminal just stared at her in shock and bewilderment. \"What.. did ah start?\" Eleanor chuckled and shook her head. she had never met a more oblivious man that could make every stupid question sound endearing. She was going to miss Frank, and not only because he was a good extra pair of hands but because he made her and her mother laugh when they really didn't feel like laughing. Mother appeared from the kitchen with a tray of steaming cups and pushed one into Frank's hands. \"Drink that up while it's still steaming and you might live through the night to see another sunrise. This cold is going to be barbaric, I tell you\" the older woman said and gave Eleanor her cup. \"Ah remember.. last year.. it was real cold and we all slept outside. And Barret got sick and coughed all night and ah couldn't sleep.. no one could. Ahm happy to be inside now.. \" Said Frank and sipped his cup carefully. The two women were rendered speechless by his sad story. Not only outlaws and criminals slept outside. Trappers, cowboys and other sorts of trades that caused a man to be on horseback a lot. All good folk that had to spend their nights out in the open. A good trade to have during the summer months. A risky career choice during the cold season. \"The Lord brought you to us, Frank Taylor. I think he'd like you to stay and be our ranch hand. You are welcome to start your honest life here\" Mother said, gazing at Frank with a serious expression. But Frank looked scared even considering it. \"whut about Butch?\" he asked. \"what about him?!\" Mother shot back, her voice rising in volume, causing Frank to shrink a little. \"what about that crabby old low dog?! That good for nothing piece of trash! For God's sakes! Why are you so hell bend on wasting your loyalty on a man who wouldn't walk ten inches for you!\" So wrapped up in her tirade, mother hadn't realized Butch was standing in the doorway of the bedroom with his hand clutching his abdomen. Once she followed Frank's wide eyed stare, she fell silent but there was no regret or fear on her face. \"ah need some laudanum \" he said, his voice hoarse from sleep. His face was as pale as it had been last night and his eyes looked weary and sunken in. It always got worse during the evening hours. Making it almost impossible for him to sleep and get the rest he so desperately needed. But he still had to admit that being sick in this place was worlds better than being sick out there in the cold with his gang functioning as caretakers. Something they really weren't all that good at. Eleanor nodded and got up. \"I'll get it for you. Go back to bed.. \" he simply nodded and turned around, closing the door behind him. \"That dog owes me three bottles of laudanum and you tell him that when you two ride off, you hear me\" Mother said, giving Frank a sharp look. The young outlaw nodded frantically. \"Ah'll tell him ye said that, Ma'am but ah don't think he'll do anything with it. He don't take no laudanum when he aint sick. Ah know Barret gots laudanum with him all the time cause he gets them headaches sometimes\" Frank said. \"I don't remember no Barret and I sure don't care about being reintroduced neither\" the woman said, concentrating on her knitting again. Her fingers had started trembling from anger so much, she started making mistakes in the pattern. She cursed under her breath silently while undoing the faulty stitches. Eleanor was getting used to the ups and downs in the gang leader's sickness. He seemed to feel better in the morning, after a long night's sleep, and got gradually worse throughout the day until he could do nothing but lay down and try to rest it off. He was in no condition to ride or be outside in her opinion, and she had to admit she was worried. Worried about Butch Cavendish. A wanted man, a notoriously vicious outlaw. It was the fault in her stars, probably. Like father had always told her. The only daughter of the Hartley family, growing up far away from any buzzling town. Unsuccessful in finding a suitable husband because there were simply none around that weren't old or full of mischief. The man had always regretted raising a daughter in the empty high plains. Lost in her memories of father's foretelling words she had mixed a few drops of laudanum in some fresh water and had brought it to the ailing criminal wordlessly. \"whut's on yer mind, little miss shark?\" She shook her head to get rid of her gloomy thoughts and blinked. Butch was sipping his glass and made a face at the bitter taste. \"If this sickness aint gonna kill me this shit might..\" he complained. \"I don't think it works with sugar in it..\" she said, busying herself with picking up clothes and folding them onto a chair. Maybe it wasn't a good sign that she was getting comfortable with him around, but there was no denying it. Once you've seen someone in their weakest and most vulnerable moments, it's hard to still fear him for what he is to the outside world. And he, in turn, let her tend to him with a trust he didn't bestow on many people. They had gotten used to eachother's presence. \"come on now.. ah can see yer mind is somewhere else. Not in this room. Where are ye?\" Butch asked again, downing his glass in one swig to get it over with. She looked up at him with a dazed expression. \"I'm fine, just.. thinking.. worried\" \"About the ranch?\" he asked and moved his pillow so he could lay flat on his back. He had been sitting up to drink his medicine but the position was exhausting him. \"About you actually\" Eleanor said. He opened one eye to look at her for a moment and closed it again, chuckling tauntingly. Feeling offended by his reaction, she huffed and turned to leave. \"Hey! Stay.. aint no use worrying about me in the living room.. ye might as well worry about me where ah can see ya\" he said. \"Besides ah might git worse er sumthin'\" he taunted her. \"Ah might need another blanket er… decide ah want a bedtime story..have ye sing fer me\" he put his arms under his head, making himself for comfortable. She had turned around to face him with an unamused expression but that just made him chuckle. \"Come on, little miss shark. Have a seat. Can't say we didn't have a nice time last night, can ye? Ah like yer company\" she didn't look convinced and crossed her arms over her chest. He grunted when a flare of hot pain shot through his lower abdomen and placed his hand on his stomach. \"Helps with the pain\" he mumbled softly. The sincerity in that last statement did the trick and she slowly sat down in the chair next to his bed. \"this is exactly why I'm worried about you wanting to leave tomorrow morning. What if it starts hurting like this while you're out there?\" she asked. He waited till the pain had somehow subsided a little before answering her. \"It would mess up my day, that's whut\" he grumbled. \"Ah don't want te talk about how sick ah ahm. Ah know how sick ah ahm.. Ah don't need ye te remind me! Tell me somethin'.. anythin'.. what was yer pa's name?\" \"William.. William John Hartley\" she said after a short silence. \"what was your father's name?\" He stared at the ceiling, the wooden beams he had come to know so well he had almost given them names and tried to think of something else than the hot pain in his stomach. \"uhh..\" he frowned, trying to remember the name of that lousy sack of shit that was his father. \"Ah think it was Tobias.. But I aint sure.. ahm tryin' te ferget te bastard\" he chuckled. After what he had told her yesterday, she didn't think that was such a strange idea. The man didn't sound like he had been a very loving father to his son. \"And your mother?\" Eleanor asked. \"Ah don't remember her name. I barely knew her. She died when ah was very young. My brother could tell you all about er'\" \"You have a brother?\" He nodded and gave her a wary look. \"No more questions.. \" he grumbled. Eleanor blinked in surprise at the sudden harsh tone in his voice. His brother was obviously a topic he didn't wish to discuss with her. Not everybody got along with their family. She knew she had been blessed with her kind mother, grandfather and a relatively good operating ranch. There were people out there in the fast distances who lived in much harsher conditions. Who suffered hardships and losses like the criminal before her. These parts had a tendency to turn good men into drunken wrecks. She had always believed father's words. That human beings just weren't cut out to live in such wide open spaces. It was like keeping a lone horse in a wide open meadow. She would go crazy eventually. \"I'm sorry for your loss. Is there anything you do remember about her? It's good to try to remember.. she was your mother. She should not be forgotten\" Eleanor said quietly, trying to smile. He didn't look at her. Instead, he was still staring at the ceiling, lost in his own thoughts. \"been a long time since ah thought about er'\" he admitted after a while, the harsh tone gone \"ah just remember her eyes.. they were blue\" \"Like yours..\" she smiled. \"They remind me of dog eyes\" he raised an eyebrow. \"No really! Let me explain.. sometimes cowboys or settlers pass through our lands. They keep dogs with them for protection with one blue eye and one brown eye. Indians are afraid of dogs like that.. they think they have spiritual powers. Your eyes remind me of them\" she said, smiling brightly. He chuckled softly and closed his eyes, feeling a sudden weariness. \"ahm ah yer spirit dog, miss Hartley?\" he asked, turning to his side to get more comfortable. \"keepin' the injuns away?\" \"what, are you going to chase them around barking?\" she asked, amused. He grinned, half asleep already and nuzzled into his pillow. He was going to miss this damn bed the most of all. Sleeping on a dusty old saddle blanket did a number on one's spine. Eleanor dimmed the light of the oillamp and pulled the blankets and furs up to his chin. He didn't mind it anymore. He enjoyed her company and liked the idea of her staying close to him as he slept. Like many troubled men, sleep did not come easily for him. But it seemed that when she was sitting next to his bed with her calming gentle presence, his dreams weren't quite as bad as usual. The demons of his past were somehow kept at arm's length. He was already asleep when she closed the door behind her. Mother had gone to bed already. Keeping the fire going in the livingroon only wasted precious dried wood. One did better to just turn in for the night when it was so cold. Frank had been given some extra blankets and seemed to be vast asleep on his usual spot on the couch. Eleanor was alone, but she didn't mind. She had always liked her moments of solitude, there weren't many of them left. She curled up on a chair by the window. The tiny snowflakes at the beginning of the evening had turned into fat flakes twirling down the sky. She was going to miss Butch Cavendish, complicated as their bond now seemed to be. The thought she would never see him again seemed almost absurd now, for he had become such a big part of her life in those few days. She hugged her knees and leaned her head against the window until the glass became so foggy she could no longer make out the barn and shed in the distance.[Chapter 10] Chapter 10. Enjoy! Her dreams were not pleasant that night. They came in visions and images engulfed in the white steam of progression. Her ears rang with the noises of iron wheels and panicking horses. Butch came into view, walking towards her from out of the smoke, his eyes a pale shade of blue that made him look almost inhuman. Blood covered his mouth and dripped down his chin. He lifted a pale hand and wiped away the blood. She backed away in fear until her back slammed into something solid. She tried to scream but the smoke entered her lungs and rendered her unable to produce any sound. A woman screamed in the background, and Butch turned his head to look into the direction of the sharp pitched cry. A dog was barking until the sound of a gunshot echoed through the smoke filled sky. She closed her eyes and started crying, sinking down the invisible wall until she touched the floor. There she huddled into a ball. Someone called her name but she shook her head in response. Then someone struck her hard across her face and she cried out in pain. \"ELEANOR!\" She inhaled sharply and her eyes shot open, only to meet with those familiar blue ones. No blood on his face, just the scars she had grown accustomed to. She was laying on the wooden floor of the living room, next to the armchair she had fallen asleep in. Butch was hovering over her, his gaze wild like a hunted animal. Behind him the light of dancing flames created patterns on the wooden ceiling. \"Trouble\" He said. He moved away from her and she was left to collect her bearing on her own. She touched the tender spot on her cheek and flinched. The sounds that had haunted her dreams didn't leave and it took her a moment to register that she was no longer dreaming and the noises came from outside. \"Get the horses out of there!\" Horses. They were screaming in fright. Voices she didn't recognize were calling out to the night sky. Then a gunshot. And another one. Grandfather's incoherent swearing could be heard over every other sound. She sat up an looked out of the window. The inferno before her so big its heat hit her face through the foggy panelled windows. The barn was on fire. The silhouettes of men on horseback danced around the disastrous scene. Their guns lifted in the air, firing shots at the stars like a ritual of war. Mother was standing a few feet away from her, and tried with shaking hands to load the two barrelled shot gun. Butch grabbed it from her roughly and tossed it into a corner of the room. \"Ye kill one of them and there will be a hundred more waitin' for ye!\" He told her. Eleanor jumped to her feet and opened the front door. Someone grabbed her roughly by her arm and pulled her towards them. \"Going somewhere?\" There was nothing left of the sophisticated educated young man Elton. The person before her looked a lot like him, but his eyes had something savage and inhuman in them. The flames of the fire danced around in the green of his irises. She struggled against his grasp but it only made him tighten his grip on her. \"Let go of me!\" \"I think not. I warned you cumbersome women more than once. You called this out upon yourself, you little hell cat!\" A ball of fire erupted from the roof of the barn as part of it came down and collapsed in the hog pen. The pigs squealed in terror as they desperately tried to escape the flames. The windows of the house succumbed to the heat and shattered to pieces. It was enough to distract Elton, and he loosened his grip on her to hide his face from the glass that rained down upon him. Dancing around the feet of the horses she made her way to the blazing barn and tried to lift the heavy beam of the door. Tears streamed down her face in pure panic as she found wasn't strong enough. The animals inside screaming. Frank joined her out of nowhere and together they removed the beam and opened the door. A whirlwind of fire and smoke made its way into the cool night air and they both covered their faces against the scorching heat. The smoke stinging their eyes. Frank grabbed his gun and shot the locks off every pen. The two cows stampeded out of the barn, forcing the men outside to move out of the way. They shot the animals on sight. Eleanor released Frank's horse and the young stallion wasted no time to jump over burning beams and made his way outside. But Annabel would not move out of pure fear. Her head lifted in the air, snorting frantically. Eleanor tugged on the reins as hard as she could, but the mare refused to move. Still believing she was safe inside her stable. \"Come on, Annabel!\" The horse reared in agitation. Frank came to her side and took the reins from her. \"Give me yer shawl!\" he said. \"she don't want te see this!\" He wrapped it around the horse's head, rendering her blind. Now the mare followed, and they were able to lead her out of the building before it collapsed completely. Time seemed to go tauntingly slow as she looked around. Her grandfather yelling and shaking his fist at the laughing men. They had taken his gun from him with great ease, as the man was too old and weak to put up much of a fight. Eleanor sank to her knees at the sight of the pointlessly butchered livestock scattered across the ground. Elton had gotten back into the saddle, his face covered in cuts from the glass. He spun his horse around restlessly, looking much like the Devil incarnate against the blazing fire behind him. Mother stood on the porch, her face showing something Eleanor didn't recognize; the pale weariness of defeat. \"You have one week! One week!\" Elton held up his finger, panting heavily as if he had lost his mind completely. \"To hand over this land. Cause next time I come around.. I'll burn down the house!\" He turned his horse toward the dark emptiness and took off on breakneck speed, his men following him. Eleanor listened to the sound of the horses disappearing in the dark of night and was suddenly seized up from the ground roughly. A knife was put against her throat with such force that it caused her to bleed. \"Ye got a right down purdy mouth, don't ye? Goin' te be a real shame te cut that up.\" The man's breath smelled strongly of whiskey, and his clothes of gunpowder. He wasn't anything like the slick agents that usually rode with Elton. He looked like he could have been part of Butch's gang. His bloodshed eyes met Frank's when the latter cocked his gun and aimed it at him. \"Ye put that down ye chuffy lookin' bumpkin, or I'll slit her throat\" The man growled, and tightened his grip on the knife. She glared at him from the corners of her eyes with pure hatred and whimpered when the knife sank deeper into her skin. \"Ah know a lot of folks that would pay a pretty price for you.\" She struggled, but it just caused him to laugh. \"Then again, it don't pay much te sell a mare that hasn't been broken in yet. So maybe I should take ye for a ride and knock some of the fight out of you\" He said. \"Hey Evans..\" The man looked up at the mention of his name and frowned at the speaker standing in the doorway of the house. Butch approached them slowly and seemed surprisingly calm and collected. He had dressed himself, and the sound of his spurs made his walking sound all the more menacing. \"Remember me?\" The man called Evans loosened his grip on the knife, and Eleanor could have sworn he stopped breathing for a moment. \"Butch? whut ye doin' out here?.. ah.. ah thought ye were..\" \"ye thought.. er ye hoped.. there's a difference, Evans. Ah hoped ah'd run into ye some day. Bet ye didn't hope the same, hm?\" Butch said. He took a step closer to the man, his voice just above a whisper. \"Since when did ye join the law anyway? Right after ye left the gang or did ye take a vacation first with the money ye took from me?\" His tone more threatening. \"This aint the law, Butch.. Ah. Ah never said anything about ye to them.. rangers er nuthin' ah swear on mah dead mother\" Evans stammered. \"Man's gotta make a livin' Butch. Ah.. Ah'd never.. set ye up\" Butch narrowed his eyes and leaned in closer. \"ye know what they do with rapists like you in jail, Evans?\" The man's eyes widened in fear. \"See ah know more about ye.. then ye know about me. Now ye git. Before ah change mah mind\" The man nodded frantically, released Eleanor and jumped onto his horse clumsily. No one said a word until the sound of his horse's hooves disappeared on the horizon. Eleanor reached up to feel the cut and flinched when her fingers grazed the raw skin. She looked up at Butch, who was still standing quite close to her. \"Thank you\" she mumbled. He ignored her and turned away, taking in the full extent of the damage to the ranch now the smoke was clearing up. Mother stood over the lifeless body of one of Elton's men, still holding the shotgun firmly in her hand. Tossing the weapon into a corner hadn't been enough to stop her. There were tears rolling down her cheeks but she didn't look like she regretted anything. Grandfather was already busying himself picking up every dead chicken laying around. Bending over slowly with his old broken back. Frank came to stand beside her, still holding the two horses by their reins. \"Why on God's good earth would they shoot the chickens\" Mother sobbed. \"They're gonna come and look fer him\" Frank said, looking at the body as if he expected it to jump up any moment. \"Them rangers will.\" \"well, what are they going to do about it?\" Mother looked up at him sharply. \"Cut short my young life?\" She turned and marched back to the house, wiping the tears off her face roughly. Butch had tried in vain to stop her from killing any of them. \"The rangers will arrest ye\" Butch stated matter-of-factly. \"Ye killed a railroad man.\" Mother rounded on him quickly. \"I do not believe you are the right person to tell me who I should or should not kill, Butch Cavendish!\" He seemed unfazed by her little outburst and closed his eyes for a moment in agitation. \"Maybe so..\" He said. \"But I aint stayin' around te watch ye and yer daughter get dragged off to prison. Ah advice ye get out of here. Out of state.\" \"I have no need for your advice nor do I have the ambition to leave my ranch and land behind! They can come for me any time they wish to. I'll be right here!\" with that, mother went back inside. Eleanor kneeled down next to one of the cows and gently stroked the soft winter fur. \"She was supposed to have a calf this coming spring.\" She said softly, tears rolling down her cheeks. Frank looked as lost as a little boy unable to find his mother in a grocery store, and his eyes wandered to the sad picture of a girl weeping over a dead cow. \"Ye can git a new cow. Lots a cows around\" He said, trying to sound as comforting as he possibly could. \"Ah.. Ah'd buy it fer ye if ah had the money, miss Hartley. But ahm a little low on that fer now\" Eleanor shook her head and got to her feet, wiping her tears away roughly. \"We're ruined. They won. What would we do with a new cow with no barn to put her in?! Don't you get it? No.. of course you don't. You don't have anything to call your own.\" She said. Frank blinked, surprised at her angry tone. \"well I'd be mighty sad if they'd take Bobby er.. kill him\" he said. She looked up at Butch, who was examining the smouldering pile of beams that used to be the barn. He didn't seem very fazed or upset with the situation. To him, this probably just looked like a regular day at the office. \"So who was he?\" she asked. Butch turned to her and tilted his head. \"His name is Robert Evans. Last time ah saw him.. he was riding South with my money. Probably bought himself free with it. Ah know he's got 4000 on his head for all the times he couldn't keep his paws off ah woman\" he said. Eleanor frowned and averted her eyes. \"Now what would the railroad want with a man like that?\" she asked. \"It'd be 8000 if they knew the truth\" Butch mumbled, kicking away a blackened piece of wood. \"The railroad takes any man that promises them to git ranchers off their lands. A rapist will do the trick. One the daughter of some.. farmer has been attacked.. they usually tend te leave. Back East where they came from.\" Again, there were tears running down Eleanor's pale and dirty cheeks. She could not believe this had happened to them. And it wasn't over yet. Elton would keep his promise and come back to arrest anyone who had anything to do with the death of his henchman. She sat down on the porch and wrapped her arms around herself, watching the barn burn out slowly. The smoke would be seen in the far distance. She didn't know how long she had been sitting there staring at the smouldering pile of wood, but time seemed to go ever so slow. As if the whole ordeal had scared away the dawn and it would never be light again. An hour passed and she was vaguely aware of it when Butch kneeled down in front of her. \"Look at me\" He ordered. She looked up at him slowly, almost accusingly. His expression remained impassive, as if he studied a rare creature. Her face dusted by ash, her tears left clear tracks down her cheeks. \"Let ye in on a little secret\" he mumbled. \"Any man ambushing ye in the night is far too afraid he might actually hit ye\" She frowned and was about to ask him what he had meant, when he got to his feet and untied the reins of his horse from the railing. \"Ye stayin' er you're comin' Frank?\" Butch asked, climbing into the saddle. Frank opened his mouth to say something, but as usual, couldn't find the right words. He looked at Eleanor for a moment. \"Well I.. wasn't ah supposed to stay and finish what I started?\" he asked carefully, afraid Butch might get angry. But the gang leader just stared at him and chuckled. \"Ye gonna build them a new barn, ye goofball?\" Frank swallowed thickly, he was no carpenter. He looked at the destroyed barn for a moment. \"Ah think ah'll stay and help out a bit.. Only nice thing te do..\" Butch huffed and shifted in his saddle. His stomach was complaining against the action, but that couldn't be helped right now. The time for lazing around was over. \"We'll be pass that mountain ridge up ahead\" He said, nodding toward the distance. \"We'll be moving West\" With no other words of goodbye, Butch took off. Frank plopped down next to Eleanor and sighed. Together they watched the outlaw disappear into the night.[Chapter 11] A small warning.. This chapter is violent! Thanks for all the favs and follows! R&R; please! / It was the first time Eleanor didn't look forward to the break of dawn. When the sun returned, the damage would become clear. It had taken a long time for her to get back inside after Butch left. And Frank had never left her side. Her bedroom was hers again, but she found she could not sleep in the sheets that still carried the musky smell of the criminal that had previously occupied it. Mother had told her she'd wash her daughter's bedding in the morning. Her room still looked like he'd be back any moment. He had kept the shirt she had given him and left his old one behind. Mother had been unsuccessful at cleaning it properly. It was so old and worn down, its faded yellow color remained. . When the break of dawn arrived, mother refused to come out of her own bedroom. It was useless to wait for the rooster announcing morning. There was no rooster to wait for anymore. Father had been so proud of that damn bird, strutting around the ranch proudly. Now its shiny green tail feathers were covered in yellow dust as the beautiful rooster lay lifeless in the sand. Already torn to shreds by roaming coyotes. Frank seemed just as dazed by the whole event, and it had somehow transformed him into more than a silly young man doing chores around the ranch. Or the sidekick of a notorious outlaw that used him at his own beg and call. When morning came, and Eleanor found the young criminal in the kitchen, his red rimmed eyes had darkened. Making him look a lot more dangerous than the previous days. \"Did you sleep at all?\" Eleanor asked, pouring herself a cup of coffee and sitting down next to him. He shook his head slowly, his eyes fixated on a small beetle making its way across the long wooden dining table. \"Ah cleaned mah rifle\" he said and reached beside him to reveal an old but clean Winchester repeater. He placed it on the table with a loud thud and looked up at her. Challenging her to say something about it. Eleanor blinked, the rifle had come as a surprise to her. He had only been carrying one Colt around for the entire duration of his stay. \"Is this yours?\" she asked, staring at the weapon. He shrugged and leaned back in his chair. \"No one else in the gang knows how to handle it. So ah suppose that makes it mine. Mah pa taught me how to shoot turkeys. Used a rifle just like this one for it.\" \"I bet you haven't shot a turkey in years\" Eleanor whispered and looked at him sadly. Still wondering how a boy like this could end up with the likes of Butch. \"That aint fair..\" Frank said, looking up at her sharply. \"Ye don't think about shooting birds when there's folks emptying their guns on ye wherever ye go.\" \"Breaking the law is the easy way, Frank. I do believe that.\" She spoke back. He huffed and shifted in his chair, crossing his arms over his chest. \"Breaking the law aint that easy.. burning down a barn and telling ye it's in name of the law.. that's easy.\" He said. She was silent, gazing at him wearily. He was angry. But she knew she wasn't the reason. When things seemed to be unjustified, Frank would usually start showing signs of irritation. He had a strong moral code, which made it all the more surprising he was running with a gang of outlaws. \"You think he'll come back?\" she asked. His eyes met hers, and after a moment he shook his head. \"Butch aint comin' back, miss Hartley. He aint like that.\" She laughed despite herself. \"Of course he isn't. Well.. I'm going to miss him anyway. You can tell him that when you meet up with him again. Our goodbye was less than gratifying. He took off so quickly.\" She said. Frank was silent and lowered his gaze. Interacting with women was hard when you were at a loss of words half of the time. He swallowed nervously, his eyes going around the small room as if he expected the right words to be written on the walls. \"Well, ah promise te tell him everything ye want me to say te him.. Ah'll be talkin' into the barrel of his gun ah expect but.. ah promise anyway.\" She looked up and smiled at him gratefully, chuckling at the nervous state he was in. \"Thank you, Frank.\" She said. He gave her a lopsided smile and a breathy chuckle. Their conversation was interrupted when mother finally decided to join them. Still in her morning robes and three messily knitted shawls around her shoulders she waltzed into the kitchen and took out a frying pan. \"I suppose no one had had any decent breakfast yet?\" she grumbled. Frank shook his head frantically. He wouldn't dare enter her kitchen \"No, ma'am. Ahm usually not the cook when ahm with the gang. They don't trust me with them food supplies.\" Mother didn't look up and just huffed in irritation. \"They can burn down my barn and kill my cows and hens but they'll never tell me I can't cook.\" She moped. Eleanor and Frank gave eachother a small knowing smile. Mother was thankfully getting her moxie back. \"Where's that old dog?\" the older woman asked, cracking three eggs into a sizzling pan. \"How does he likes his eggs?\" \"He left last night, mother. I thought you knew. He thought it to be too dangerous to stick around.\" Eleanor said. Mother slammed the pot of coffee onto the counter loudly. \"Dog.. leaving defenceless women after they helped him back on his unwashed feet. A dog! And an ungrateful one at that!\" she said. Eleanor frowned. \"well what would you have him do about this? Have some showdown with the rangers on the front lawn? This isn't his fight.\" She said. \"It's not his fight either!\" Mother spat back, aiming a yoke covered spatula at a terrified Frank. \"But he's still here, isn't he?!\" \"Because Butch told me to stay!\" Frank peeped in his leader's defence. The women were quiet, gazing at him in surprise. \"Them rangers don't really know me very well. I don't think they'll recognize me. But they'll know Butch when they see him. Ah.. ahm more useful.\" A short silence followed. \"Alright, mister useful.. how do you like your eggs?\" Mother spoke eventually, turning back to her stove. Breakfast went as any other day. As if nothing ever happened. In reality, it was the ranch's occupants that did their very best to live their lives as normally as possible even after the ordeal. There seemed to be a dark cloud above their heads none of them felt like recognizing as an immediate threat. The first repairs were done on the barn that same afternoon under grandfather's ever incoherent supervision. He seemed as resilient as his daughter in law. Some of the wood that hadn't been burned through all the way could still be used. Grandfather had Frank and his granddaughter separate it from the destroyed beams. With a little hard work and ingenuity the old man was sure a new barn could be made from the leftovers of the fire. The strenuous labor in the meek winter sun put everyone's minds on something more productive than the ever nearing threat, and mother was even reported smiling a couple of times during the day. The three sheep had survived the fire, and were put in the storage room next to the house until a new barn was ready for them. A couple of brave hens had been smart enough to run for it when Elton and his men had showed up. They returned to the ranch during the late hours of the morning. Eleanor couldn't recall ever been so happy to see two chickens. She was in the kitchen in the late afternoon, chatting with her mother and tasting the freshly made rabbit stew they would have for dinner when Grandfather called them. In the red light of the setting sun, a dust cloud could be made out in the distance. Horsemen, riding fast at a steady pace in their direction. Mother placed her hand over her eyes to be able to make out the still tiny figures, but there was no question who it was. \"Elton.. \" she said. \"And the rangers\" Grandfather cocked his shotgun, but mother placed her hand on the barrel. \"We're not about to shoot rangers, paps. These are good men. Real law men.. I trust them.\" She said, Grandfather huffed and spat in the dirt. He had never been a big supporter of any law men. He had seen too much in his long lifetime to know there were all sorts of men that called themselves law men, and few of them were clean. \"Lock the storage room after you fed the sheep, Elly. They won't kill any more of my animals.\" Mother said and tossed her daughter a set of keys. She then turned to Frank and grabbed him by the front of his shirt before he could get out of her way. She pulled him close to her. \"You are going to promise me something now, boy.\" Frank stared at her wide eyed and nodded frantically. \"Yes, Ma'am!\" \"These men are going to take me away, and do Lord knows what to this ranch. You will hide my daughter from them and do whatever it takes to keep her out of their hands. Now do I have your God honest word on that, Frank Taylor?\" He swallowed thickly, but after a moment, he nodded slowly in understanding. \"She'll fight me.\" He peeped. \"Oh, I reckon she will. But I expect you to be fighting back.\" Mother said and let go of his shirt. \"Go saddle your horse. And tell that dog of a leader of yours to keep his own and his gang's paws off my daughter or I'll be coming for him.\" Frank nodded again and tripped over his own feet running. The older woman turned to Grandfather and smiled. \"We've been through worse, haven't we, Pa?\" Grandfather just spat on the wooden boards of the porch. Eleanor was still in the storage room making sure the sheep were comfortable and properly cared for when the horsemen arrived and halted in front of the house. She made a move for the door to aid her family but was grabbed from behind. A hand was pressed to her mouth. She struggled. \"Sssh!\" Frank hissed in her ear. \"Ye keep still now.\" Dan Reid stared at the burned barn for a moment and turned to Elton. \"Is that your doin'?\" Elton shifted in his saddle and rolled his shoulders in agitation. \"That could very well be\" \"Well then I sure do hope you're proud of yourself.\" The ranger sneered and got off his horse. His men followed his example. \"Mrs. Hartley, Mr. Elton over here claims you shot one of his men.\" Dan said and took a piece of paper out of his pocket. \"Now here I have a signed arrest warrant from Mr. Cole, asking me to arrest you and your family for the murder of Mr. Jake Hoskins.\" Mother eyed the ranger with her chin held high. \"For all I care his name was Jesus Christ.. I didn't bother to ask his name when I shot him through his head.\" she spoke daringly. Dan frowned and sighed, not feeling too keen about arresting a woman. \"One of Mr. Elton's men also claimed to have seen the likes of Butch Cavendish on your land. Now I sure do hope he was mistaken of course cause I wouldn't want him to be anywhere near you or your family.\" He said. Mother chuckled and looked at Grandfather. \"You hear that, Pa? Butch Cavendish has been spotted near our ranch. Well I sure do feel honoured now, Mr. Reid.\" Dan shifted his weight slowly and breathed in deep. \"Mrs. Hartley..\" He started. \"I would remember it if Butch Cavendish was on my ranch, don't you think? And I don't recall any of the sort. Do you Pa?\" Grandfather shook his head slowly. Evans shifted in his saddle and spat in the dirt. \"Lying ol' sow..\" He grumbled. \"I rode with that owl hoot for three years. I know what he looks like.\" \"That enough of you, Evans!\" Dan said. \"And I sure do hope that's true, Mary. But I gotta take you in. I promise you'll have a fair trial. You and your.. daughter. Where is she?\" He looked around, but saw no one. Elton did the same, his eyes moving around the ranch quickly, his pointy nose in the air as if he tried to sniff her out. \"My daughter left. She went out to get new livestock and supplies for the barn. If you have the time, Mr. Reid. You can wait here on her. She'll be back in four days.\" Mother said. Elton looked at her sharply and narrowed his eyes. \"She's lying..\" he said. \"I know her.. and I know her damn daughter. They're inseparable. That girl didn't go anywhere. And where is that ranch hand? Arrest him too, Ranger!\" Dan frowned. \"Ranch hand? The Hartleys have no ranch hand, Henry. See, this isn't going anywhere. Your men claim to have seen not only Cavendish but also some imaginary ranch hand no one knows a thing about. \" \"Evans might be a poor excuse of a man, but he's not blind! And he owes me far too much to be lying to me, Ranger! Ranch hand or not.. these women are to be taken into custody. Or didn't Mr. Cole make himself clear enough to you?\" Elton shot back. Dan stared at him furiously. \"Crystal..\" He mumbled and took out his hand cuffs when he turned back to Mother. From a crack in the wooden walls of the storage room both Eleanor and Frank took in the scene unfolding in front of them. The moment the ranger touched Mother's arm to hand cuff her, Grandfather lifted his shotgun and yelled something incoherent. A shot was fired and the old man was thrown back into his rocking chair and hung over its arm rest like a grotesque rag doll, blood pooling around the chair as it swung back and forth. Elton put his smouldering gun back into its holster. Eleanor tried to scream but Frank's hand was still firmly pressed against her mouth as he pulled her away from the wall and into his arms, muffling her crying against his shoulder. The only person's scream that echoed through the sky was Mother's as she struggled against the ranger's strong grip. \"Goddamn it, Henry!\" Dan yelled. \"Are you out of your damn mind?!\" \"Get her out of here! Arrest her! Now we're even, Mrs. Hartley!\" Elton said to the frantic woman as she was lead to the ranger's horse with difficulty. \"Search the place!\" Elton's men got off their horses. \"No one else is here, you damn fool!\" Dan growled, helping Mother onto his horse. \"We'll see about that.\" Elton said and tossed a box of matches at Dan, who caught it with a confused expression. \"Burn the house!\" \"I will do no such thing!\" Dan said and threw the matchbox back at him, causing the box to open and matches to fly everywhere. \"Sit on it, Henry. I'm tired of your bullshit.\" The ranger said and turned his horse to begin his ride back to Colby. Mother's cries disappeared on the horizon. Elton waited till the ranger was out of hearing range before turning to Evans. \"I swear if that house isn't a pile of smouldering ash by tomorrow morning I'll blow your brains out.\" Evans nodded and Elton gazed at the house one more time before following in the ranger's trail. Frank peered through the crack of the wooden boards and followed Evans with his sharp young eyes. The man circled around the house, spat in the dirt and looked at the destroyed barn for a moment. Making the young outlaw wonder when he was going to strike the match. It had gotten awfully quiet in the storage room. Moments ago, Eleanor's stifled cries had been the only sound. But she had grown silent. He frowned and looked over his shoulder to see what she was doing when he felt the barrel of his own gun press against the side of his head. \"I'm going to shoot him, Frank. And you won't stop me.\" She whispered, her voice raspy from crying. He frowned and held up his hands, whimpering softly. \"Ah don't think that's a very good idea, miss Hartley. He might be quicker than you.\" she cocked the gun and he closed his eyes tightly at the sickening sound. \"You sit here and be quiet.\" He nodded and the gun was removed. He watched her get up and open the door silently, peering around the doorway. The clattering of pans could be heard. Evans had gone inside the house to see if there was anything to take before he'd commence to burn it down. He was bend over a chest in the livingroom and examined the various quilts mother had knitted over the years. It was easy to sneak up on him, easier than she had anticipated. He stiffened when a gun was pressed against the back of his head. \"You put that down, you low life or I'll kill you.\" He dropped the quilt, held up his hands and smiled to himself. \"I see ol' Cavendish taught you a few tricks, didn't he?\" he chuckled. \"How much of his imaginary Silver did he promise you for spreadin' yer legs for his gang?\" She cocked the gun. \"I will not stand for any profanity in my father's house. Cavendish has nothing to do with me knowing how to handle a gun. That was taught to me by my late father. Whose ranch you won't be burning down on my watch. Keep your hands where I can see them, and start walking backwards towards the front door.\" For a moment it seemed like her plan was actually going to work, although a tingle of worry latched itself into the back of her mind about what she was going to do with this man once he was actually out of the house. She hadn't planned that far ahead when she had taken Frank's gun from its holster. But she didn't need to think about it. Evans, with his many years as a gunslinging outlaw, was much quicker than she was. He turned around and grabbed her wrist, yanking it to the side as she fired. She missed him by a few inches, and hit a burning oillamp instead, which shattered to the floor. The flames ignited the puddle of oil around one of the dining chairs. Evans wrung the gun from her hand and pulled her arms behind her back roughly, causing her to cry out in pain. \"Ahm sure Butch told you all about me, didn't he?\" he snarled at her, his face close to her own. \"Ah suppose there's time to finish what we started before I burn down yer daddy's house with you in it!\" She kicked his knee and he cried out in pain. \"Bitch!\" He hollered and slammed her with her back down onto the table, pressing her arms down beside her head. \"Now if ye keep trashing around like this, I might have to stake ye down to that here table te keep ye in one place until ahm done with you.\" She stopped moving, breathing rapidly, and stared up at him with furious eyes. The thick metallic taste of blood on her lips. He pressed the air from her lungs mercilessly as he pushed his weight down onto her thin frame and she could hear the sickening sound of him unbuckling his belt. \"Ah suppose ah could marry ye after this too. It's not like anyone who'd want a soiled dove anyhow.\" He chuckled. She spat at him and laughed as his haggard face was covered in red specks. He lifted his gun, and for a moment she thought he had had enough and was going to end her life, but he turned the pistol in his hand and slammed her across her face with the grip. The force of the impact against her head rendered her dizzy as blood gushed down her face. What happened next would forever be unclear to her, but his weight was suddenly pulled off of her. She tried to lift herself to see where he went, but her vision was too blurry. Frank had pulled Evans off her and had slammed the back of his rifle into his face. Knocking him unconscious. His worried face came into view as he leaned over her. She blinked, flames were dancing behind him, the room was on fire. \"We gotta go, miss Hartley. The house is on fire.\" She locked eyes with him and frowned. \"Did you kill him?\" she whispered. He shook his head frantically. \"why not?\" she asked. Plates fell from the cupboard as the wood was eaten by the flames. The loud crashing sound distracting Frank from answering her question right away. \"Can we talk about that later?\" he peeped. She shook her head, but only made herself more dizzy. She reached up to feel her head, and whimpered when her hand touched a deep wound. \"Come on, miss Hartley!\" Frank pressed on and shoved one arm under her shoulders and the other under her knees. He pulled her up into his arms and carried her outside. Her head lolling back as she watched the living room disappear from her view for the last time. The place where she had just laid, quickly covered itself in flames. She was placed on the ground gently and watched Frank sprint back inside the house to retrieve the still unconscious Evans. \"No!\" she yelled as he dragged the man across the porch. \"I want him dead!\" But Frank didn't stop until he had placed Evans with his back against a pole of the horse pen. He took out his rope and tied the man to it. \"Ah knows something better fer him.\" Frank said, his voice had something she hadn't heard before. There was no innocence left. \"Ahm gonna tell Butch he's right here. Aint going nowhere.\" She gazed up at the sky, the first stars already visible, and breathed in the cold air polluted with smoke. She tilted her head and her eyes fell upon the lifeless body of her grandfather, hanging in his rockingchair. The sound of the crackling fire made her feel sick. She shut her eyes tightly to keep from crying. When the first sob escaped her lips, she was heaved into the air again and pushed onto Frank's horse. She struggled against it weakly. \"I don't..want to go..\" she cried. He pushed her harder, until she was atop the horse, clinging to its manes feebly. Frank sat behind her, his arms like barriers around her and grabbed the reins. \"Come on, Bobby.. git us out of here!\" The horse started galloping, heading toward the mountain ridge. She peered over Frank's shoulder until the burning house was out of view. Then everything went black.[Chapter 12] Thanks for all the follows and reviews, peeps! For all those who wished Evans a horrible death.. here's to you! fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff It seemed like hours had passed when she woke up. they were still riding, and the jostling of the galloping horse made her feel dizzy and nauseous. They had left the vast desert behind them and were now in a more woodland area. The trees going by in fast passing rows. She listened to the exhausted snorting of the horse under her. His breath visible in the cool night air. Her head throbbed painfully, and she could feel her skin stretch with the dried up blood on her face. But the shoulder of the young man that held her firmly in the saddle was warm and she couldn't help but feel safe. She looked up at him, his eyes focused on the distance, a concentrated expression on his face. He must have noticed her gaze from the corner of his eyes for he turned to look at her for a quick moment. \"Yer up?\" he asked. \"Where are we going?\" He didn't answer right away, too concentrated on steering his horse around a fallen tree and jumping over the next trunk they encountered. She knew where they were going, but she wanted to hear it from him. She wanted him to realize what danger he was putting her in. \"We gotta get that wound on yer head stitched or it'll fester and all\" He answered. \"Ah know what ahm doin'. Ye rest now. We got a long way te go.\" She leaned her head against his shoulder and buried her face in his neck. His words had been more comforting than she had thought. Their weight shifted to the back of the saddle as the horse started climbing up a ridge. She looked at the horse's ears going back and forth, listening to Frank's gentle urging. The sounds around them changed from howling coyotes to screaming bobcats and crickets high up in the tree tops. She was vaguely aware of the howling of wolves in the distance, and the horse snorting restlessly before she lost consciousness once again. It was hours later when Frank started seeing the light of a campfire up ahead. The gang had moved further away than he had anticipated, and he hoped this was indeed the men he was looking for. His horse was exhausted, and wouldn't be able to endure another hour in full gallop. Deciding he had no choice, he took his pistol and fired three shots in the air. He waited, shooting short glances at the unconscious woman in his arms. She seemed more dead than alive at the moment, and that thought frightened him. To his relief, three shots were fired in the near distance. He had found the gang. \"Goin' te be alright now, miss Hartley. Ah promise..\" he said, more to himself than anyone. Two horsemen approached him in a steady trot. \"What the hell took you so long?\" Asked Barret, halting his horse in front of Frank's. \"Who's that?\" Frank swallowed nervously and looked down at the half conscious charge in his arms. \"Ye only saw her five days ago! How can ye not recognize her now? Rangers came and burned down the ranch. Ah had no choice..\" \"The hell are you talking about?\" Jesus asked in his thick Spanish accent. \"It don't matter te any of ye! Ah need te talk to Butch..\" Frank said defiantly. Barret chuckled and looked at Jesus with a knowing smile. \"Ye sure do. He aint gonna like this at all. And he aint in anymore of an amiable mood than five days ago.. Ah don't know what she's good at, but healing sure aint one of her talents.\" He said. Frank shot him an angry look and steered his horse around the other two, up the ridge to a small open space in the thick forest. He scanned the campsite for his leader and found him sitting next to Ray, wrapped in conversation. He got off his horse and gently lifted the girl in his arms. Butch's eyes widened at the sight, in a flash he was at Frank's side, startling him so he almost dropped Eleanor on the frozen ground. \"What the hell do ye think yer doin'?!\" Butch hollered. Frank stared at him in fear, trying to say something, but he was interrupted. \"Answer me, Frank!\" \"Ahm tryin'!\" Frank peeped nervously. \"Rangers came.. and they took Mrs. Hartley away.. they shot her Grandpa and then they burned down them ranch and Evans he.. well he got a hold on er and all\" Butch's expression darkened as he listened to the story. In a swift movement, he took out his knife and held it up at Frank. \"Ye better start talking straight er ah'll cut ye up so bad yer own mother won't know ye.. what did he do?\" Silence. \"FRANK!\" \"Nuthin'! He tried.. but he hit her hard, see?.. ah knocked him out cold. Tied him te a post for ya.. Ah knew ye'd.. git angry and all.\" Frank said, a wicked grin on his face. He had seen his leader do it many times before, and it had disgusted him every time. But right now, he was requesting it. Butch stared at him for a moment, his expression impassive, and moved his eyes down to the girl in Frank's arms. \"Take er back..\" He grumbled and turned away. Frank took a step in his direction. \"Take er back te what? Butch, they burned down her house.. there aint no place fer her to go back to. I'd be leavin' her out in the desert with nuthin'… Ah can't take her to Colby cause they're lookin' fer her. They gonna hang her ma.. they will hang her too if they see her!\" He was talking to Butch's back, but he knew his leader was listening to every word, and analysing every option there was to handle this situation in a matter that would leave him in control no matter what. \"What do ye want me te do about it, Frank?\" Butch asked calmly, turning back to face the youngest member of his gang. Frank looked lost and almost exasperated. \"She helped you, didn't she? I mean Hell..She was very nice te you. Ah don't know why we couldn't help er at all.\" He said. Butch gazed at him, the kid had a way to strike chords in a man's heart like no one else could. Which was why Frank was a respected member of the gang, even though it didn't show at all times. Ray approached Butch slowly, scratching the back of his head as he usually did when he was nervous. \"We can atleast stitch er up and.. see what te do next.\" He said. Butch looked at the faces of each member of his gang. Barret and Jesus had joined the small circle now as well. Skinny stared at the girl in Frank's arms as if he had never seen a woman before. \"Well, Jack..\" Butch said smugly. Barret looked up at his leader at the mention of his first name. Only used in serious situations, even though Butch looked rather amused at what he was about to say. \"I got a patient for ye.\" The look Frank received from Barret could have killed him, but the young man was too relieved that he could put the girl down for she was getting rather heavy. The young woman whimpered when she was placed on a dusty saddle blanket and Frank's warmth moved away from her. He took her hand gently, not really knowing what to do, but was shoved aside roughly a moment later. \"Move..\" Barret mumbled gruffly. \"Git me one of them whiskey bottles over there.\" Frank nodded and got up to carry out his instructions. With great precision only a skilled and experienced army surgeon possessed, Barret prepared a needle and threat that he kept in a small tin box. A useful attribute to have out in the wilderness. Frank returned and handed Barret the bottle. \"what else, Jack?\" Frank asked, wanting to help. Barret didn't answer as he took out a handkerchief, wetted it with the strong liquor and cleaned out the wound on the woman's forehead. \"Ye can hold er down fer me in a minute.\" He said. Frank gulped nervously. \"what is she gonna do that ah need te hold er down for?\" Barret looked up at him with an annoyed expression. \"Just hold her arms for me, ye idiot. Stop asking me questions.\" The rest of the gang watched the ordeal from a distance. They had all been stitched up by Barret at some point, and they all knew what it felt like when there was nothing to numb the pain but a good swig of Whiskey. They would never admit to themselves they felt sorry for the young woman, cause empathy wasn't a trade any of them felt willing to adopt, but their silence and distance spoke volumes. Butch paced around the campsite restlessly, shooting looks at the young woman being tended to by his gangmember every so often. \"Don't make a scar..\" Frank pleaded softly when the needle was about to hit Eleanor's skin. Both men locked eyes for a moment. The army surgeon sighed in annoyance and lowered the needle. To get the best access to her wound, and thus reduce the chance of creating scars, Barret lifted one leg over Eleanor's unconscious frame so he was hovering just above her. He examined the wound closely, a menacing look on his face. \"It's gonna leave a scar no matter what..\" he mumbled. \"It's a deep cut.\" When the needle dug into her soft skin, and a trail of blood trickled down her face, Frank looked away, unable to stand the sight. For a moment it seemed the young girl would go through this without feeling any of it, but she started squirming after the third time the needle pierced her skin. \"Hold er down, boy..\" Barret said again. Frank did his best, but he wasn't much stronger than Eleanor herself. She opened her eyes to stare straight into Barret's, a stranger to her, basically sitting on top of her. The position they were in reminded her much of her experience with Evans, and her eyes widened in fear. \"Lay still..\" Barret told her, his expression dark, but all she could think of was trying to get him off her. Now more awake, she started trashing more violently and screamed out in pain when the needle was pushed through her skin again. The gang took a step back in uneasiness. It was never a pleasant sound to hear a young woman scream in agony. Still not completely aware of what the man on top of her was trying to do, she brought her knee up fast, hitting him hard in the small of his back. He cursed loudly in pain and dropped the needle to catch his own weight with his hands. \"OW! Knock it off, ye little hellcat! Jesus! Hold down er legs or she gonna break my spine!\" Big hands wound themselves around her legs, rendering her completely immobile. The stitching continued with violent and forceful precision. The girl cried, screamed, and it seemed like she'd never stop scaring the birds from the trees. Skinny had his ears covered and stared at it all in utter shock. She screamed till her throat was red and raw and her voice gave up on her. She cried till she couldn't see anymore because the tears filled up her eyes and pooled around her lashes. She tried to move and trash around until her body was exhausted from the effort and she could do nothing more but lay still and listen to her heavy breathing. The pain had stopped, and she looked up at the man on top of her, blinking slowly. He didn't look as shocked as the other two men holding her, but he was panting just like her. He wrapped a strip of linen soaked in whiskey around her wound. The hands on her legs disappeared, leaving bruises from her struggling, none of which she was aware of at the present time. Barret moved off her slowly, his back aching from the violent kick. He stood up, stretched painfully from the hunched over position he had been in and decided to leave the nursing to others better equipped for it. Frank covered the now shivering woman with an old raggedy blanket, most likely his own, and sat by her side calmly. \"Where's Butch?\" Asked Barret after taking a deep swig from a bottle of Whiskey to ease the pain in his back. No one had noticed the gang leader taking off, all eyes had been on the young woman's painful treatment. \"Where do you think he is?\" Ray said, poking up the fire with a stick. \"He's gone after Evans, of course. That bastard crossed him one too many times.\" \"That's a six hour ride from here!\" Barret protested. \"Seven..\" Frank corrected him, looking up at the surgeon for a moment. \"Seven hours if yer nice te yer horse. But I don't think he's gonna be as nice to Annabel as I was to Bobby.\" Barret spat on the ground angrily. The Whiskey dulling the pain in his back, as well as numbing his brain function. But it didn't matter. Soon all of them would nestle down for the night, and it didn't matter if you were drunk out of your gorge in your sleep. Eleanor was vaguely aware of her surroundings. Her head throbbed painfully, and the voices around her were dulled like they were behind a glass door. When she opened her eyes, the world started spinning and closed them again quickly. Her throat burned from her excessive screaming, and she coughed pitifully. \"Give her some Whiskey..\" Barret instructed reluctantly as he sat down close to the campfire, his back to Frank and his patient. \"And put some laudanum in it. Two drops will do. It's in my left saddlebag.\" He lifted his shirt and peered over his shoulder to look at the bruise she caused him. He scoffed at the tender spot, already turning a bright purple. \"Damn Hellcat..\" He growled. The cold rim of a glass bottle was pressed against her lips and she was forced to choke down the strong liquor. She coughed on the unkind taste, the fumes burning her throat like hot oil, now mixed with the bitterness of laudanum. Barret was obviously tired of her whimpering, cause mixed with the strong alcoholic drink, laudanum was sure to render someone unconscious for a good few hours. None of the outlaws felt like listening to a suffering young woman while they were trying to sleep, and the surgeon huffed when Ray scolded him for knocking her out this way. She dreamed of her mother in her alcohol induced slumber. Arms tight behind her back, slowly being led to a rope hanging from a lone tree by men in fine suits and bowler hats. She saw the lifeless body of her grandfather, coyotes ripping away his clothes and pulling out parts of meat. One of the wild dogs looked at her, its snout covered in blood, its eyes a sky blue. There was fire, lots of fire, all around her. As if the world was going up in flames. The coyotes yelped and howled. She saw Evans, tied to a pole and struggling to get away from the wild dogs nipping and yapping at his feet. A horse snorted and the man looked up at the sound. His eyes widened in fear when he saw who dismounted. Two snake leather boots landed on the dusty ground and approached him calmly, his step swaying, causing the coyotes to flee in mutual panic. Evans pleaded, holding up his hands in surrender, tears running down his bearded face. The owner of the snake leather boots reached down to retrieve a knife from its holster tied around his leg. All went dark when the man's agonizing cries scared away the vultures that had been waiting patiently for him to die. She bolted upright, torn from her nightmare, and her body collided with another. Without thinking, she wrapped her arms around this unknown person, seeking comfort in anything she could find. She listened to her heavy breathing and rapidly beating heart for a moment, her chin on the stranger's shoulder. For a moment it seemed he was going to let her, but then his hands found their way to her slender arms and pushed her back down. \"Git off me. Stop it.. Ahm trying to look at yer stitches.\" Barret mumbled gruffly. Embarrassed, she did as she was told and blinked at him slowly while he was examining his own work critically. It was dark around them. The campfire reduced to a pit of smouldering logs. She listened to the snoring of the rest of the men, all of them in deep sleep. \"Where's Frank?\" She asked him. She knew she had seen him before, when they delivered Butch at her home, but she didn't know his name. The man didn't seem willing to converse with her and just shot her an irritated look while he changed the bandages around her head. \"What is your name?\" she tried again. Again it seemed like he wasn't going to answer and she frowned in embarrassment, averting her gaze. \"I'm Jack Barret\" Frank had mentioned that name to her on multiple occasions. She could even recall Butch telling her something about a Barret. Her mind still scrambled from the blow to her head, she tried to remember what they had told her about this man. \"You're the one with the headaches..\" she said. Did she just say that out loud? The look on his face was priceless. A mixture of surprise and slight embarrassment, but it soon turned into his usual dark expression. \"I see that goofball can't keep somethin' to himself to save his life.\" He mumbled gruffly, taking a swig from the whiskey bottle meant for her wound. \"I meant no disrespect..\" she spoke quietly and watched him struck a match to light his cigarette, gazing at her quietly. She reached up to touch her bandaged head, the wrappings freshly soaked in whiskey. It stung her open skin, but she knew it was to fight infection. \"Are you a doctor?\" she asked. He blew the smoke into the cold air of night and watched it create ghostly patterns in the dark. He shook his head slowly and chuckled at her dazed expression. This girl was so out of it. He recognized a concussion when he saw one, and she definitely got her noodle seriously scrambled. \"Go to sleep. Ye need it.\" He got up and walked away, leaving her to her own thoughts. She wondered about her dream, had it held any truth to any events? It was too dark to identify the men sleeping around the campfire. They were laying at quite a distance. She wondered why no one dared to lay any closer to her. Somehow she knew Butch wasn't one of the sleeping outlaws. He slept in utter silence, like a desert reptile awaiting an ambush from a bird of prey. She hoped her next dream wouldn't cook up the same horrid images they had shown her before. she closed her eyes and listened to the sounds of the woods around her until birds announced the first morning light had been seen, then sleep took her once again. Fffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff R&R; please![Chapter 13] Chapter 13 Thanks for all the reviews! By noon the next day, the everyday life of the people in the small town of Colby was violently disrupted by a bleeding man crawling through the main dusty street. Horses and wagons avoided him in surprise and several people gasped in horror at the man's gruesome injuries. When he reached the sheriff's office, and climbed the few steps onto the wooden porch, Dan Reid had already been informed of the man's presence. The doctor was summoned from his previous call concerning a pregnant goat. The shrivelled and badly wounded man was carried to the doctor's office and placed on the bloody examination table under his own loud protests. There was only one person he wanted to talk to, and that was Latham Cole. One of Dan's deputies was send to go and get the esteemed member of the small town immediately. \"Evans, we need te sitch ye up er you're gonna bleed out on us..\" Dan spoke sourly. \"What were you doing out in the desert by yourself anyway? Where is your horse?\" The questions remained unanswered. He wasn't exactly fond of the cruel ex outlaw, who bought himself free with money he stole from the Cavendish gang. Money that wasn't the gang's in the first place. The rest of Dan's rangers shared this feeling, and once they had all peered around the doorway to see what had happened to Evans, they quickly baptized the wounded man \"Bobby Dickless\" A suitable albeit cruel name. When the doctor arrived, he froze in the doorway of his own office at the sight before him. The man of medicine and veterinary arts, a combination of studies not uncommon in these parts, had never before seen a man with injuries of such violent and gruesome nature. But living out in the vast spaces of the West had taught the elderly doctor that no matter how civilized people liked to be, the urge to harm and kill eachother would be following mankind around like a rabid dog with no owner, always in the footsteps of those trying to do right. \"Who goes out into the desert alone and has himself attacked by coyotes anyway? Didn't your mother teach you not to roam around outside of town at night?\" The doctor complained after fixing what could be fixed. Evans took a deep swig from a bottle of whiskey and spat on the floor, causing the doctor to click his tongue in protest. \"Was no coyote. It was bloody hell Cavendish that did this te me! That goddamn cannibal injun killer! All because of that little whore!\" said Evans. Dan, who had been sitting in a chair at the doctor's desk, rubbing his eyes tiredly, looked up in irritated confusion. \"I'm getting mighty tired of your whining about Cavendish, Evans. I'll tell you that much. He's miles away from here.. he don't come near any ranches. And exactly what whore are you referring to anyway?\" he said. \"That Hartley gurl! The one that old cow claimed wasn't there! Well she was there alright! Along with the ranch hand you claimed didn't exist! Damn you, ranger! Do yer homework next time!\" Evans replied and spat in the ranger's direction. Dan shook his head and got up, exasperated. \"She told me so herself her daughter was away to get supplies for that barn you and that damn Elton burned down! If she was there, then I'd like to know what you've done to her, Evans!\" He grabbed the front of Evans' shirt and pulled him close to his face, ignoring the doctor's scolding remarks. \"I haven't done a thang\" Said Evans, struggling to get free. \"If yer so interested in her, ye gotta ask that ranch hand where she at.. A young feller! Couldn't be a day over 25! Light hair, blue eyes.. carried a Winchester around. Ask him!\" Dan frowned in anger. \"I told you the Hartleys have no ranch hand! There was no one else there but the old man your foreman killed! You don't make any damn sense, Evans! A Winchester? What on earth would a ranch hand do with a rifle like that?!\" A second ranger, named Hollis, who had been leaning against the doorpost for the duration of Evans' surgery, shifted in uneasiness. \"Sounds like Frank Taylor.\" He said. \"Light hair.. blue eyes? Winchester repeater.. sounds like the kid's that been riding with Cavendish. We got a poster of him somewhere, Dan.\" \"I'll get it\" said Dan and let go of the injured man's shirt mid-air, causing him to fall back onto the table harshly. \"I gotta get out of here anyway before I do something I'll regret. Let's see if Evans is right. Would be the first time, I can tell ye that.\" When the ranger entered the sheriff's office and ripped Frank's wanted poster off the wall, he shot a quick glance at the older woman sitting on the bunkbed in her cell. Her back straight, her arms crossed and a defiant stare on her pale, weathered face. She hadn't said a word since they brought her here the night before last. Every question had been answered with nothing but a steely glare. Dan hesitated, and then held up the poster for the woman to see. \"Do you recognize this young man, Mrs. Hartley?\" He asked. She looked at the poster for a moment before giving the ranger another glare that told him she wasn't going to help him solve any of this. \"Cause if you do..\" Dan continued. \"I'm going to have to tell you that you've been keeping a wanted man around your property.\" She averted her gaze from him and remained silent. He sighed, decided he was wasting his time and left to show the poster to Evans. For all the man's lowlife style of living, he was the one to go to if Dan wanted answers right now. To the ranger's unpleasant surprise, Evans recognized Frank immediately. \"That's him! That's the damn kid that slammed his rifle into mah face and broke mah jaw! He rides with Cavendish! He got that girl!\" The wounded scumbag exclaimed, pointing at the picture. Before Dan could answer, a sharp knock against the doorpost of the office indicated that Cole had arrived, with Elton following close behind. \"What seems to be the problem, Mr. Reid?\" Cole asked with an obvious fake smile. Dan sighed, shook his head and rubbed the back of his neck. \"I need some clarification on this, Mr. Cole. I arrested Mrs. Hartley for killing one of your men like you asked. But now it turns out Evans stayed behind to look for the daughter of Mrs. Hartley and found her too.. even though the woman told me the girl went out to get supplies for their ruined barn.. and now it turns out some young man Evans claims to ride with Cavendish took her with him, ah mean, this has all been getting way out of hand and I'd like to know why.\" Cole looked over his shoulder at Elton, an unamused expression on his face. \"Yes, I understand. This has all developed in a most unprofessional way, I agree. You see, Mr. Reid. I seem to have hired a man that likes to work with creatures such as Evans right there. I can assure you, I wasn't aware of the damage they caused. Then again, I stand by what I told you earlier.. The Hartley family have been crossing me for over a year. Refusing to hand over their barren land to me so that I might do something useful with it. I suppose my men lost their patience after so many fruitless negotiations.\" He explained. \"That don't justify burning down their barn and killing a family member. Your lapdog over there killed Mrs. Hartley own father in law, for Christ's sake. That woman lost her damn husband three winters ago!\" Dan shot back, pointing at Elton cowering behind Cole's sturdy frame. \"And we don't even know where the girl is now!\" He continued, holding his arms open. Cole held up his hand to calm the infuriated ranger. \"I would very much appreciate it if you lowered your voice when you're speaking to me, Mr. Reid. Your frustrations will not solve any of our problems. Of course we'll do anything in our power to locate the child, I promise you. And since Evans is the one who saw her last, I think you should be interrogating him and not me.\" The rail baron spoke calmly. \"Evans claims Cavendish was the one attacking him.. he claims.. Cavendish has the girl. If that is true.. I don't know what to do.. I don't know!\" Dan continued, rubbing his forehead tiredly. Cole's expression hadn't changed, but some could have sworn the man had stopped breathing for a split second. \"Then I suggest you get right to it, Mr. Reid. We can't have outlaw gangs kidnapping our children and dragging them across the wilderness just because our rangers simply don't know what to do. I'll leave it up to you to inform that poor woman of this news. After all.. she's in your cell.\" Said Cole and turned to make his leave. \"That was your initiative, Mr. Cole.\" Dan spoke to his back resolutely, causing the man to stand dead in his tracks and slowly turn to face the ranger. \"I beg your pardon?\" Cole asked. \"To put Mrs. Hartley in my cell was your idea.. or.. Mr. Elton's idea really. But since he works for you and all. I suppose you two entertain the same line of thought.\" Dan answered, defying the railroad baron. Cole took a step in the ranger's direction. \"Let me get this straight, Mr. Reid. Are you telling me my treatment of the widow Hartley looks inhumane in your eyes? Do I really need to remind you that she's in a current state of awaiting trial for killing one of my agents? And apparently that same widow harboured a vicious wanted outlaw on her property, and that very same vicious wanted outlaw now mangled one of my men beyond repair and kidnapped a supposedly innocent young girl? And all you can tell me is that you don't know what to do.\" He mocked. \" I am inhumane? I've done my job, Mr. Reid.. I wish I could say the same about you.\" Cole spoke menacingly. The ranger narrowed his eyes, standing his ground. \"Yer all a bunch of idiots..\" wheezed Evans between deep swigs of Whiskey. The two men looked up at him. \"The last thing that little prairie sweetheart needs is any of ye savin' er.. she don't need te be saved. She sleeps in Cavendish' arms at night.. That kid told him what ah did te her and that's why he came after me.. she don't need savin'. Yer all about te need savin' yourselves if ye gone and hurt that old sow.\" He slurred. Dan looked shocked at the news, but Cole seemed as impassive as always and hadn't even shifted his weight. He stood rigid like the wall he liked to view himself as. A rock people broke themselves on. \"I don't recall ever hearing Cavendish takes to introducing children into his gang of misfits.\" The rail baron spoke calmly. Evans scoffed and spat out some blood on the wooden floor, receiving more scolding from the old doctor. \"Cavendish is a proud, haughty cocksucker.. he wouldn't rip someone te shreds for just standing in the way. He has his pack of dogs to do that for him. But when it gets personal.. He comes after ye himself.\" Evans continued, but Dan wasn't there any more to listen to him. He had left the doctor's office and ran across the dusty road into his own office, grabbing the steel bars of the cell tightly. \"What is your daughter to Cavendish?!\" He asked Mrs. Hartley, but she didn't answer. She hadn't changed position at all and was glaring at him coldly. \"You answer me now, Mary! What has been going on at that ranch without my knowledge?! Did you know your daughter is gone?! Has that sank in yet?! Where is she?!\" he continued. She blinked and looked away, processing his words. He didn't know if she was surprised or shocked at the news. But she seemed temporarily caught off guard. \"What is she to Cavendish? Please..\" Dan tried again, leaning his head against the bars. \"You have to help me if you want me to help you.\" \"I don't need your help. Nor does my daughter.\" He looked up when he heard her voice. She had gotten up from her bunkbed and approached him slowly, clutching the hem of her worn, soiled dress. He had known the woman for such a long time, and she had always seemed to carry a smile for him whenever she was in town. So the menacing look on her dirtied face hurt him in a very personal way. \"Where were you when those pigs burned down my farm and killed all my animals?! Where were you then, Mr. Reid the Texas ranger! Where were you.. when that animal of an Elton shot my father in law?! You stood by and watched.. cause you had your orders. I suppose the orders changed now, didn't they? And now you expect me to help you?!\" she hissed. \"I'd rather swing from a tree branch in the morning sun then to aid you in getting a clear conscience!\" she spat at him and he backed away. He gazed at the furious, broken woman in silent sympathy and sighed deeply. \"I would ask your forgiveness if I knew that would help us solve this problem right now, Mrs. Hartley. But it won't change the fact your daughter might be in grave danger.\" He said softly, causing her to let out a joyless laugh. \"I know my daughter.\" She said, gazing at the ranger with a determined expression. \"I don't worry about her for one second. As long as there are people like you, Henry Elton and Latham Cole.. Cavendish is not the worst of my problems.\" Defeated, Dan left the sheriff's office to begin rounding up his men for the search party. He didn't know if he was doing the right thing. But no matter what had happened at the Hartley's ranch concerning Butch Cavendish, he knew what the outlaw was capable of, and it was no place for a young woman. Lrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrlrllrlrlrlrlrlrl R&R; please![Chapter 14] Thank you so much for all the wonderful reviews! Chapter 14 Butch returned when breakfast was being prepared by Jesus. The gang had been poorly supplied for weeks, but Skinny had successfully gone out to shoot some rabbits in the earliest hours of the morning. Jesus' rabbit stew was nothing to write home about, but it would feed the hungry outlaws and keep their whining for more substances at a bay for atleast a few good hours. Butch dismounted stiffly and gave the exhausted chestnut mare a few half meant pats on her powerful neck. Damn this horse for being the most patient creature he had ever come across in his lifetime. Ray got up from his spot around the campfire and approached his leader when he tied a second horse to a tree. \"Evans' horse, I take it?\" The oldest gang member asked, patting the scruffy looking old grey horse. \"Cause I'm pretty sure you left with only one.\" Butch nodded, removing the horse's saddle and throwing it unceremoniously down on the soggy ground. Dust clouds flying through the air from the old unkempt saddle blanket, its Aztec patterns in faded colors. \"He's been riding that ol' nag for as long as I've known him\" he mumbled. \"She'll do fine for the girl.\" Ray raised an eyebrow and looked over his shoulder for a moment, the young woman still vast asleep in her little corner. \"Don't Evans need the horse himself? Or should I not even inquire about the fool?\" His leader chuckled softly and shrugged. \"Ah don't think he fancy riding for a while to come, let me put it that way.\" He said with an evil wink. Ray didn't seem moved by the news that might have disgusted men much tougher than himself. He had been riding with Butch for so long, nothing would surprise the old man anymore. \"I take it you killed him?\" he asked. Butch sniffed, looking up at the tree tops for a moment, as if contemplating his answer. \"Ah don't think ah did..\" he spoke eventually, glaring at Ray. \"Ah thought I'd let the fool make himself useful to me one more time. After that he can die as many deaths as he wants. What's it to ye anyway?\" The older man shrugged and shook his head. \"Nuthin'. I didn't like Evans any more than you did. What he did to women wasn't right. Ah was just thinkin'.. if ye didn't kill him.. then what te Hell have ye been doing te him? Or is that somethin' ah really don't need to hear before breakfast?\" Butch just gave him a toothy grin and fished the bottle of whiskey from his calloused hand. He took a deep swig, sending the strong liquid to trickle down his chin before wiping it away with his shirt sleeve. \"Always makes me so damn thirsty.\" He told his gang member. \"Yea, ah git it. Spare me any details.\" Said Ray. Butch shrugged and took another swig of whiskey. \"If you insist..\" he chuckled. \"Ah do. And that girl aint goin' anywhere soon. She aint fit te ride, er do anything. Evans fucked her up pretty bad. So whatever you took from him, I hope it hurt.\" Butch peered around Ray at the sleeping form of the young woman that had saved his life, his expression vacant as he felt the liquor kick in and cloud his tired brain. \"It hurt..\" He confirmed, giving Ray a small smile, his silver plated tooth showing. \"Surprised ye didn't hear his wailing from here.. he was at it like a little gurl. Sounded worse than she did.. \" He mumbled, nodding at the young woman. Ray gazed at him with a stern expression, the kind that told any member of the gang to quit fucking around and face the music. \"She can't ride..\" he repeated. \"And we need te keep movin'. If Evans reaches Colby..\" The gangleader's expression darkened. \"Shut up..\" Butch interrupted him and took a step closer. \"Ye abandoned me at that fucking ranch when ah wasn't fit te ride, and now yer gonna abandon the one who took care of my sorry ass. Ye wasted yer credit on that little trick. Don't think ah forgot. Ah'll deal with you when we git this matter solved. Until then.. ye stay out of it.\" He hissed at the older man, and moved past him making sure his shoulder bumped into Ray's roughly. A silence fell over the rest of the gang when they noticed Butch walking up to the sleeping girl, and sinking down stiffly to one knee beside her cot. Feeling their stares, the leader peered over his shoulder at his men. \"The next pair o' eyes ah feel burning into mah back are mine!\" He growled. From the tone in his voice, the gang knew he meant it, and they averted their eyes immediately, focusing on their breakfast instead. It seemed a shame to wake her. She had never failed to grand him his much needed rest when he lay ill. But no matter how much he hated the old fool for reminding him, Ray had a point. The rangers would be hot on their trail once Evans' had done his story. And if he was to believe Frank's explanation, the girl's life was on the line as well. Butch leaned in to take a closer look at the bandages around the young girl's head. Barret had obviously realized her well-being was to his own benefits as well. He had done a decent job stitching her wound and binding it in whiskey soaked wrappings. More decent than usual, anyway. Figuring he needed her awake to see in what state she was, he reached out and shook her shoulder, trying to be as gentle as he possibly could. With a startled gasp she opened her eyes and backed away from his touch. \"whoa there.. easy now.\" He said, holding up his hands. \"It's only me.\" He grinned, knowing full well how ridiculous that must have sounded. Nevertheless, she calmed when she recognized him, probably more than she should. \"You're back..\" she whispered, her voice hoarse and still uncooperative from her screams of pain. He nodded. \"Sit up..\" He told her and took hold of her arm to help her pull herself into a sitting position. \"Slowly..\" He instructed. The world danced in front of her eyes, and she felt a wave of nausea hit her shocked system. But his hands on her shoulders steadied her, and she knew he wouldn't let her fall back onto the saddle blanket. \"Look at me..\" He said. With difficulty, she did as she was told, and gazed into his blue eyes. Her head throbbed as if there was a demon locked inside her brain that was trying to club its way out of her skull with a hammer. Butch made her follow his finger with her eyes and grinned when she did so successfully. \"How's yer head, little lady?\" he asked, keeping his voice down to avoid his men listening in on their conversation. She brought a hand to her forehead to steady herself, and slowly her mind started clearing up. Enough for her to look at him without seeing double. He didn't look worried, more observant and patiently waiting for her answer. He let her go when he was certain she could hold herself up and sat back a little, giving her room to collect her bearing. \"Hurts..\" she said, rubbing her eyes in an attempt to get rid of the dizziness. \"Hurts, huh?\" He said, reaching out to take her hand away from her eyes. \"Don't punish yer eyes now, they can't help it either.\" He reached into his coat pocket and showed her a small branch with tiny yellow flowers. \"You know what this is?\" She stared at it as if she was drunk, not able to focus her vision on it completely. \"Looks like some of the weeds that grow around our ranch.\" She mumbled. \"The Injuns call it Snakeweed. Strongest painkiller I know.. I'll prepare it for you, if ye promise me to try and eat something. Do we have a deal, little miss shark?\" Her stomach turned at the prospect of food, but she was more than willing to try anything to take away the harsh throb in her head. She nodded weakly in agreement and was mildly aware of the wink he gave her just before he got up and walked away. Frank got to his feet quickly when he noticed Butch was done talking to the young girl and made his way back to join the others \"How's she doin' Butch?\" He asked nervously. \"How's er head?\" \"Git her to eat something..\" Butch said without looking at him. Frank nodded frantically. The gang leader sat down on one of the blankets around the campfire and started plucking the yellow leaves off the branch and putting them in an empty cup. The others observed his actions curiously, but Butch gave no explanation and ignored them completely. \"Ye don't actually believe that Injun witch doctor stuff..\" Barret huffed, as he seemed to be the only one realizing what Butch was doing. The gang leader gave no reply, causing Barret to scoff mockingly. \"Only Laudanum kills pain, Butch. There's actual science to back that up.\" Barret continued. Butch shot him an irritable look when he reached to grab the kettle with hot water, pouring it on the leaves slowly. \"Ah believe what I've seen.\" He grumbled. \"Laudanum's only for hopeless cases like yourself, ye idiot.\" While the hot water was soaking up the healing qualities of the leaves, Frank had sat down next to the young woman with a plate of food that probably looked worse than it tasted. \"How ye feelin' miss Eleanor?\" He peeped softly. She did her best to smile at him in reassurance, not wanting the young man to worry more than necessary. As the memories became more clear, she realized he had been the one that saved her life. She reached out to grasp his hand affectionately, causing him to look rather panicked. \"I'm fine, Frank. I haven't had the opportunity to thank you yet. For all you've done for me.\" She said. He blinked, staring at her in confusion. \"Whut..did ah do?\" For some reason, she was utterly grateful for the young outlaw's ever present confusion. He never failed to make her laugh. Even now, through her pain, she chuckled at his ignorance and shook her head. \"You were my knight in shining armor, Frank. All that was missing was the white horse.\" She told him kindly, giving his slender hand a small squeeze. He beamed at her, his face an uncommon shade of red. \"Well ah couldn't just stand there and watch that man do whut he wanted te you.\" He uttered, grinning from ear to ear. \"But ah think Butch got em real good last night, so that's all taken care of now.\" Her smile faded slowly at that news and she peered over Frank's shoulder at the gang leader. She vividly remember the horrible dream she had about it, and now wondered if it could have been more than just images of a feverish brain. Noticing her uneasiness at the subject, Frank cleared his throat and placed the plate on her lap. \"Anyways..\" he started, nodding at the food. \"Butch says ye need te eat if ye want te git better.\" It took her a while to avert her gaze from the vicious leader of this motley crew of bandits, longer than she liked to admit to herself. But eventually, she looked down at the unappetizing mess on the old iron plate. \"What is it?\" she asked, staring at it with an uncertain look on her face. Frank frowned, following her gaze. \"Ah have te admit ah like yer mother's rabbit stew much better.. But it aint all bad. It's all right.\" He shrugged. She didn't think she still had tears left, but when Frank mentioned her mother, she felt her eyes fill up and cloud her vision. She reached up to wipe them away roughly, not wanting to cry in front of a gang of outlaws. She noticed Frank's sympathetic expression and tried to smile through the tears running down her cheeks. \"I hate crying..\" she admitted, chuckling bitterly. \"I do too. But sometimes ah can't help myself.\" Frank said and shrugged. \"Ah always cry when ah see a dog. Cause that reminds me of the dog ah left behind at home. He was mah best friend.\" She picked up the spoon while listening to his story, feeling distracted from her own pain. And reminded that she was surrounded by people who all had their experience with losses. If there were people on God's good earth that understood her sadness, it was this crew of misfits. \"what was his name?\" she asked as she took a careful first bite. Chewing on the tough meat slowly. She had to admit, it looked worse than it tasted. \"Sam.. And before Sam, we had Spot. I don't know why mah pa named him Spot, he had no spots at all.\" Frank said, looking sincerely confused. She couldn't help but chuckle at his endearing story. Her tears had stopped and she was slowly calming down. \"Thank you, Frank.\" She said, taking another spoonful, half expecting another question about what she was thanking him for. But he only smiled at her. He knew full well he was cheering her up. Butch returned when she was halfway through her plate, and kicked the side of Frank's leg, indicating he wanted the young man's spot. \"Git up and go do something useful.\" He grumbled. Frank got to his feet clumsily, dusting off his pants with a small. \"Yes, Butch\" \"My moment of revenge.\" The gang leader announced and sank down to one knee beside her, handing over the steaming cup. \"You've been forcing that bitter crap down my throat for days. Now it's mah turn.\" She peered into the cup curiously. The dark yellow liquid giving off a strange sweet smell. A scent she recognized after rain in the summer. \"Does it taste bad?\" she asked. \"Ah don't think it works with sugar in it.\" He mocked her. She had told him the exact same thing concerning laudanum days ago. He grinned at her unamused expression and nodded at the cup. \"ye gotta chuck that while it's hot.\" She took a careful sip and made a face. The taste a foul bitter sweet. He laughed as if someone had just cracked the funniest joke of the century. The warm liquid reached her stomach and made it turn in uneasiness, a simple reaction to something tasting that unnaturally bad. \"Disgusting..\" she complained. \"All of it.\" He spoke sternly, his smile suddenly gone, as if she was a stubborn sick child refusing to take its medicine. \"I want to see the bottom of that cup.\" \"Yes, nurse..\" She sighed in annoyance and gave him an angry glare, but it didn't seem to impress him at all. Deciding she wanted to get it over with, she downed the contents of the cup, swallowing with difficulty. She handed him back the cup, and he inspected it tauntingly, holding it upside down to see if she had missed a few drops. \"Good girl..\" He complimented. \"Now lay back down and close your eyes.\" He instructed, taking hold of her arm to gentle guide her back onto the saddle blanket. She could feel the effects of the leaves starting to work on her brain. \"I feel lightheaded..\" she said in slight alarm, reaching up to touch her forehead. \"yea, don't fight it. It's alright. I told ye before it's potent stuff.\" He said, his voice sounding oddly twisted. \"Will you stay with me?\" There was a short silence, followed by a deep sigh and a dull thud as he sat down in a more comfortable position. She vaguely heard him remove his belt, the jingling of the buckle sounded like bells to her hallucinating brain. \"Ahm here..\" The confirmation gave her a sense of safety that allowed her to relax and leave her body to be worked on by the plant's healing qualities. A remedy older than her entire family's bloodline no doubt. She had failed to ask Butch where he had learned Indian healing methods, but she wasn't sure he was willing to answer such a thing anyway. The last thing she felt was someone draping a blanket over her now shivering form, after that she lost consciousness. R&R; please![Chapter 15] Sorry for the slow updates, folks. Enjoy. oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo She woke up with her face buried in something warm and solid. Something that smelled like horses, leather and gunpowder. It wasn't an unpleasant smell, it reminded her much of what her father had smelled like when he returned from the war. Feeling the cold wind rush over her exposed shoulder, she nestled closer to the warmth that radiated from this object. She would have preferred to stay in her comfortable slumber, but the men bustling about the camp were making too much noise for her to fall asleep again. They were packing. It was time to leave. Like a regular bunch of cow herders waking up and starting their day, the cool brisk morning air smelled like fire and fresh coffee. Although her mind was a lot clearer than before, she had no idea of time or day, no idea how long she had slept. The harsh throb in her head had replaced itself with the dizzy after effects of the drug induced coma she was waking up from. She didn't feel much for opening her eyes either, her eyelids still felt as heavy as bricks, and the men would know she was awake, and would want her to get up and get moving. They were talking to eachother, allowing her to listen and get familiar with their voices. She would recognize Frank's voice over a thousand others, his timid way of speaking made her smile. The subjects they handled weren't much different from the ones farmers would have. They concerned the weather, the coming winter. And she was once again reminded these men had no homes, no shelter to go to, meaning they had to be smart about which route they were going to take. South meant less chance of deadly blizzards, but they would go through Indian territory and snow never seemed to slow them down. North meant more settlements to rob and thus less chance of getting cut off from supplies, but the biting winds had killed men tougher than they. West meant mountains no one felt like climbing and East wasn't even up for discussion cause it meant returning to all sorts of crime scenes they were trying to get away from. The warmth surrounding her was just too comfortable to give up. She stretched like a lazy cat and nuzzled into the warm object. She listened to the sound of clicking spurs coming her way. They halted not far from her cot. \"We gotta get movin', Butch.\" She recognized the gruff voice, but she didn't know the man's name. She could have sworn she had heard that very same voice the day the gang brought Cavendish to the ranch. \"Ah yea? Ah don't even have to open my eyes to know there's still crap laying allover the place. Don't wake me until ye packed everything.\" Butch's gritty voice was carried through the object she was laying close to like an echo through a well. And to her own horror she realized it was his back she was currently huddled up to. She waited until the sound of the spurs were at a sufficient distance before backing away slowly. Feeling her close presence leave, he rolled onto his back and stretched. His spine gave a concert of cracks that sounded rather painful. He had remained at her side, like he said. It wasn't his fault she had been drawn to him in her sleep. It was cold, and he was warm. \"Ah miss yer bed..\" He complained, rubbing his eyes tiredly and letting out a loud yawn, much like the old dog her mother had always accused him of being. She sat up slowly and rubbed her arms nervously, not really knowing what to say to make the situation less awkward. But she seemed to be the only one to be uncomfortable, for he was simply waking up after a long nap and seemed undisturbed. \"How's yer head?\" He asked, as he gazed up at the tree tops. The sun was setting. A few stars were already visible due to the cold air. The atmosphere high up loaded with ice crystals, making the sky almost as clear as day. The moon would light their path. \"Better, thank you.\" Came her timid reply. She looked around the campsite. The men still busy packing and saddling their horses. \"Are we going to travel through the night?\" \"Safest way to travel if ye don't want to be followed. Why? You're scared of the dark?\" he chuckled. \"No!\" she answered immediately, annoyed he would think such a thing. Though he wasn't far from the truth. She wasn't so much scared of the dark itself, but more for the creatures that came alive at night. She watched him sit up slowly and look at her, up and down, observing her closely. His steel eyes made her uncomfortable. \"You think the Rangers will be able to find us?\" she asked. \"Oh yea, they're out there looking for ye. And I don't think ye want to be found. Ye think ye can ride?\" he asked, scratching the back of his head tiredly. \"I don't have a horse..\" she said carefully. She hadn't ridden a horse in years. Father's horse had died not long after the man himself. It had been a miracle he had left for the war riding that old plough horse, and came back on it as well. But since it died of old age, no new horse had taken its place. There was no money for it. Butch ceased his calculating stare and pointed at the horses tied to a rope hanging between two trees. \"The grey mare next to that big black one.. that's yer horse.\" She followed his gaze to the horse appointed to her. The small mare standing out among the group of bigger horses, especially the black one standing next to her, nuzzling her manes affectionately. The animals clearly knew eachother. She wanted to ask Butch where he had obtained this horse, and who her last owner had been, but the outlaw didn't wait for any further questions. He got to his feet stiffly, grunting as he did so, and dusted off his pants. \"Time to get up, miss Shark.\" He told her and bend down to pick up his gun belt, adjusting it tightly before extending his hand to her. \"Come on.. on yer feet now.\" After a moment of hesitation, she accepted his help and he pulled her to her feet rather forcefully. She swayed, a little dizzy still, and reached for him to steady herself. He took hold of her arms until she had regained her balance. \"Easy does it..\" he instructed her. He let her go, his hands hovering above her arms, ready to grab her should she take another tumble to the frozen ground. Like she was trying to walk on a tightrope, she tried to balance her weight on her still unwilling legs. When her mind finally seemed to remember how to stand, she relaxed and gave him a small smile in gratitude and reassurance. He didn't return the gesture. His gaze was fixed on her torn dress. \"It's goin' te get cold.\" He said calmly, fumbling with the fabric of her sleeve. \"And this thing aint gonna keep ye warm.\" \"I'll be fine..\" she said, pulling away from his grip and feeling herself shrink under his stare. The last thing she wanted was these outlaws to think she couldn't keep up, that she would get cold, and slow them down. He should know by now, she wasn't one to complain. Butch gave out a dry chuckle, mildly impressed by her stubbornness. \"Yea, I think you will be too.\" She looked away from his almost unearthly blue eyes, remembering them from the dreams she'd had in the past few days. They would haunt her for a long time to come, no matter what would happen to her and her family. \"I need to find my mother..\" She started. \"I cannot just abandon her.\" \"No one is abandoning anyone.\" He confirmed, gazing at the surrounding forest. The trees like barriers around them. They felt like prison bars to those who were used to roam the desert. \"But there is one thing you should know about me, miss shark.\" His voice darkened as he took a step closer to her, feeling her body stiffen in a fear she tried to suppress. \"I'm not going to play yer hired gun. If you're going to ride with me, ye do as I say, or I will tie you to a sunfaced rock in the middle of the plains and let the vultures figure out what to do with you. Am I being understood here?\" She could have sworn her heart stopped beating when he leaned in close to her ear to whisper his threats. And she only resumed breathing when he pulled back to gaze at her with that old familiar coldness she had gotten so used to. \"I never said I need your help.\" She said defiantly, her voice as hushed as his had been. \"Fact is though.. You would have been dead if it wasn't for her.\" He narrowed his eyes. \"And you? Where would you be now if it wasn't for me? Hm? Face down in your own blood, with your dress over your head and the whole railroad agency getting a piece of you. If we're going to talk about who saved who's life.. ah know a fact or two myself. So don't give me any of that, or ye will regret it.\" He hissed, and turned away from her. She followed him in his long strides as he walked over to the horses, having difficulty keeping up with him. \"And what guarantees me I don't face the same kind of fate among your men?\" She spoke to his back as he halted in front of the grey horse. He gave no reply, and rummaged through the mare's faded saddle bags, taking out a tattered gun belt with an evenly jaded looking revolver. \"This will.\" He said, wrapping the belt around her slim waist and pulling her closer forcefully. With a gasp, she stopped herself from collapsing against him by putting her hands against his chest as he pulled her in. He chuckled at her shocked reaction, but continued buckling the belt. \"Aint nuthin quite as heartbreaking as a woman with a gun.\" He told her, giving her a sly grin. She pursed her lips in agitation. \"Besides..\" He continued, and frowned as he noticed the belt was too big for her. \"There's nuthin more embarrassing than getting shot by yer own piece.\" He reached down to grab his knife, and punctured another hole in the belt. She stood as rigid as she possibly could while his hands were down by her stomach, her chest going up and down in a rapid tempo. \"Who's getting shot by his own piece?\" she asked in a husky voice, her eyes widened in fear. He stopped what he was doing for a moment, and looked up at her. \"Ye told me ye could shoot.\" He said. She stared at him, her mouth agape. Was he asking her to shoot someone? \"Rabbits!\" She said, exasperated. \"I shoot rabbits!\" He tilted his head at her and took a step back to admire his work, the gun belt around her waist still loose, but atleast it wouldn't fall down anymore. \"ye will shoot Evans when ye see him.\" He said calmly. \"Ye got his gun.\" She looked down at the weapon hanging at her side, her hand hovering above it like she expected it be glowing hot to the touch. \"I.. I'm not going to shoot anyone! With any gun! Besides I.. I thought you killed him.\" Taking a step closer to her, Butch reached out to take her gun out of its holster, opening the chamber while gazing into her eyes calmly. \"He's not mine to kill.\" He said, taking out a few bullets from his own belt, loading her piece for her. \"The injuns believe if ye kill an enemy with the weapon he used to harm ye.. ye absorb their strength.\" He shoved the revolver back into the holster at her side. \"Pretend he's a very slow rabbit..\" He said with a wicked grin. She couldn't believe he expected her to end Evans' life just like that. No matter what the man had done to her, or had tried to do, pulling out a weapon and sending him to the next world was something she didn't look forward to. \"Frank! Help her get er horse ready. Skinny! Get her some coffee!\" The gang leader instructed and left her side to bark his orders at his men and discuss the route with what seemed to be the oldest member of the group. The rest of the gang, although all busy packing, cleaning and loading their weapons, observed her quietly, and she eventually noticed their curious gazes. There they were again. The pack of dogs Butch had warned her about. Yet when she was left to defend herself from a man like Evans with the Rangers nowhere to be found, one of these dogs had saved her, and the rest had guarded her while she recovered from her injuries. Frank came up to her while dusting off his pants, and obviously noticed her uneasiness under the stares of the criminals surrounding her, even though they all did their best to look busy. It seemed they had been instructed to keep the rudeness to a minimum, which left them with pretty much nothing to say. \"Is yer head still sore and all?\" The young man asked, a little out of breath. \"Eh..\" she tried to focus on his question instead of the menacing glares she was receiving right now. One man spat into the dry sand when he passed by, causing her to make a slightly disgusted face. \"Not so much as before, I suppose.\" Most of the horses had already been saddled and were now waiting patiently for the moment of departure. \"Oh, that's real good. Ah knew when Butch showed up with that plant he'd help ye. He knows stuff like that.\" Frank said. He picked up the grey mare's saddle from the frozen ground. She had wanted to ask Frank if perhaps he knew where Butch had gained his knowledge of Indian medicine, but the young outlaw chattered on happily. \"What ye gonna name her?\" he asked, placing the saddle on the horse's back, causing the mare to shift her weight. Snapped out of her thoughts, Eleanor looked at the horse. \"I.. have no idea.. she doesn't have a name?\" Frank shook his head as he adjusted the girth tightly. \"Ah don't think Evans named her. He wasn't nice te er at all.\" He spoke sadly, patting the horse's neck affectionately. \"I don't know what to name her..\" she said softly. The images of her burning house returning in full force. Her grandfather's lifeless body, swaying back and forth in his old rocking chair. Her mother being carried away by the rangers, her screams that had pierced right through her daughter's heart. She wrapped her arms around herself and watched in silence as Frank continued putting on the mare's bridle. Something nudged her arm softly, and she turned to see the big black stallion nibbling on her sleeve curiously. \"That's Toussaint..\" Frank chuckled. \"Barret's horse.\" The kind animal made her smile despite her sadness and she reached out to gently pat the stallion's muzzle. \"Hello, Toussaint..\" \"He's pretty, aint he? He knows it too. He's just tryin' te impress ye.\" Frank chuckled. \"Alright, ah think she's all set.\" He handed her the mare's chipped and worn reins proudly. A little hesitant, Eleanor accepted the now saddled horse. Her first possession that she hadn't come by the honest way. A stolen horse. No matter who the owner had been, or how he had treated the animal, stealing a horse usually meant you'd hang. Unless you faced a particularly forgiving sheriff, and those were hard to come by. But to the calm grey mare, it didn't seem to matter, and she almost seemed happy to be appointed to a new owner. It took Frank's steady hand on the horse's headpiece to keep the mare from shifting around in agitation when Eleanor climbed into the saddle with a clumsiness that would have bothered the calmest of horses. But she knew she was surrounded by not only criminals, but also men that lived in the saddle and knew all about these animals. Anything she needed to learn about riding them, would be taught to her by tough but competent tutors. The horse snorted in confusion at Eleanor's lightweight commands, and scratched the dirt with her front leg. \"She don't feel you..\" Frank laughed. \"She thinks there's a fly on her back instead of a girl.\" Eleanor laughed nervously, feeling awkward. \"My father's horse wasn't this spirited..\" \"You two just need to get used to eachother, that's all. Bobby threw me off twice a day when ah first got him. But that has all changed now.. he only does it about once a week er something.\" Frank explained cheerfully, causing Eleanor to become even more nervous. And with the unpleasant prospect of getting thrown off a couple of times before the mare would agree with her new rider, she tried to make herself comfortable in the worn out saddle. At that moment, Skinny came over holding a steaming tin cup. \"Yer coffee, miss.\" He said, holding it out to her. \"Thank you.\" She said, accepting the cup. The bearded young man, wearing a Bowler hat that had seen better days, beamed at her proudly. Then his expression suddenly changed, as if he forgot to tell her something \"Oh, mind ye now, it's pretty..\" \"Strong..\" she finished his sentence with a smile. \"Yes, I know. I'm familiar with it.\" Sipping from her cup gratefully, she watched the rest of the gang climb into the saddle at Butch's command. They would be riding hard and fast to get some distance between them and the Rangers who had undoubtedly started their search for her and the criminals by now. The gang leader was the last one to mount his horse and trotted over to ride at her side. He chuckled at the sight before him. The nervous young woman, on the nervous old mare. \"well, ah'll be damned.. it's little miss shark atop her little paluxy.\" He laughed, making the rest of the gang snicker in amusement. Gazing at him in annoyance, Eleanor refrained from saying anything that might provoke further ridicule. She wouldn't give the outlaw any excuse to continue his taunting. Frank decided to step in and come to her defence. \"Evans' horse aint used te other people ridin' er, Butch. She aint goin' nowhere this way.\" He said and shut up the moment his leader gave him a sharp look. \"Is that so, now?\" Butch spoke mockingly, leaning on the knob of his saddle as he gave her a wicked smile. \"Ah was sure we only had room for one headstrong woman, but I suppose we're gonna have te make do with two of them.\" He laughed, the gang followed. \"What kind of a rancher's daughter don't know how te ride?\" He asked. \"Can't shoot.. can't ride..\" Barret filled in. \"I do know how to ride!\" she defended herself. \"But the horse we had was very docile.. A plough horse.\" Jesus, the large Mexican man with fingers decorated with an impressive set of rings, muttered something in Spanish and caused the oldest members of the group to burst out laughing. Only Skinny and Frank didn't seem to understand it, judging by the confused looks they gave eachother. She had no idea what he had said, but it appeared to be very amusing at her expense. As rude as Butch's jokes could be, he wouldn't leave her struggling to get her horse into motion. It would only slow them down. Still chuckling at her offended expression, he reached over to take one of the reins and wound it around the knob of his saddle. \"Ye hold on tight now..\" He told her, and gave her a quick wink before urging his horse forwards into a fast gallop. She had no idea where they were going, and she wasn't sure any of the gang members knew their destination either. They were following a man who seemed to know every tree, rock and shrub. He knew exactly where to go and how to get there, and he would share the information whenever he wanted to. They moved across the ever changing landscape in a whirlwind of fog coming from the horses and their masters. And although he never peered over his shoulder to see how she was doing, there was a strange sort of safety about being tugged along by Butch. The safest place to be, was in the middle of the lion's den afterall. The moon was so bright she casted shadows, and Eleanor gazed up into the clear nightsky trying to figure out where they were heading. Using the stars as a compass, like Grandpa had taught her when she was a little girl. But the jostling of the horse beneath her prevented her from getting a good look at the stars' positions. The group slowed down when they headed for a ridge. Convinced it would be too steep for the horses to climb down, she thought they would take a different route. But Butch seemed to know a narrow trail suitable for the animals. In a long row, they guided their horses down to the river, running calmly through the narrow canyon. A treacherous route to follow, if it would rain, the river would rise in rapid speed. Taking everything with her in her path. It was a path no Ranger got paid enough for to take, and that was probably the idea. In a slow walking pace, they followed the river until the sky had turned from a dark blue, to every shade of pink and orange you could think of. Splotching through the water in a meek trot, Ray came to ride beside Butch. \"Ye aint gonna convince me Reid don't know this trail.\" He grumbled, his eyes scanning the canyon's ridges, as if he expected the Rangers to peer down at them from any side. \"He knows it, he also knows better than to take it.\" Butch answered, never taking his gaze off the water road before him. \"Besides he aint crossing no borders.\" Eleanor looked up in alarm. \"Borders? But what.. what about my mother?\" \"She gonna hang for shooting a railroad man, missy!\" Ray shot at her. In the blink of an eye, Butch had steered his horse in front of Ray's, causing the latter's mount to rear in agitation. \"Ye use that tongue of yers to talk to her again, I aint givin' it back.. understood?\" The gang leader threatened. \"Understood?!\" His hollering voice echoed through the canyon. \"Fine!\" Ray barked. \"Ye might want to inform the rest of us if ye intend on playing gunslinger hero to this here rancher girl, Cavendish! See if they're so willing te follow ye through a damn canyon then!\" \"Ah'll be willing!\" Frank yelled from the back, causing Eleanor to smile despite the current situation. Barret rubbed his eyes tiredly. \"Frank, I swear to God, if you yell in my ear one more time..\" \"Water don't keep tracks.\" Butch explained to the still unconvinced older member. \"Ye think those Rangers are only interested in her?! There's a 1000 dollars on yer head that'll turn any Ranger into a bloodhound! Ye want to stay up on the ridge and get caught, Ray?!\" Nobody seemed to notice the rain drops that had started to come down from the sky, creating patterns in the calm river. The sky had turned a threatening shade of grey, the dark clouds covered the two edges of the canyon like a thick blanket. At last the sound of running water in the far distance became louder than the men's voices, rendering them quiet. The horses whinnied restlessly. \"Let's go!\" Butch commanded, giving a sharp tug on Eleanor's horse's reins. The animals couldn't move any faster because of the rising water, and the men had great trouble to keep them from stopping altogether. Within minutes, the water rose to her heels. \"How well do ye swim, Miss Shark?!\" Butch yelled at her over his shoulder with a grin, his hair in long wet strands around his face. The rain, now pouring out of the sky like there would be no tomorrow, had turned down the sides of his hat. Making them look like droopy dog ears. She reached up to smooth her own soaked through hair out of her face, and clutched the collar of her dress to keep the droplets from running down her neck. \"I don't know!\" she called back. \"Don't worry, miss Hartley!\" Frank's voice sounded like he was already under water. \"Horses can swim!\" As if that knowledge made everything alright, Eleanor found herself clinging to the mare's manes in panic. She looked up at the dark sky, raindrops hitting her eyes, causing her to squint as her eyes filled up. The rain numbed every other sound around them, only the fearful noises of the horses could be heard through the storm. She could have sworn she heard the yapping of coyotes, first left, then right, all around her. She saw them running alongside the cliff's edges, their eyes a bright yellow against the thick grey curtain of water. It felt like every God and Spirit out there was displeased with her choices, and she found herself praying to whoever was willing to listen. The horses lost their footing by the rising tide, and the helpless animals and their riders were dragged away by the strong current.[Chapter 16] Chapter 16. Enjoy! The sun had barely begun to rise when Reid and his Rangers arrived at the abandoned camp site of the outlaws they were looking for. The dogs they had brought along had lead them straight to the open space in the middle of the thick forest. Dismounting his horse, Dan scanned around the area, finding traces of blood in the upturned ground. \"What ye make of that, Hollis?\" Dan asked his fellow Ranger. The latter sunk to his knees to touch the dried up blood, rubbing it between two fingers. \"Could be a day old, maybe two. Don't have to be hers, Dan.\" Hollis said. \"It's hers..\" Dan decided, sighing heavily as he squinted against the bright light of the newborn sun. \"They took her with them. So she aint dead yet.\" The thick forestry area made it impossible for him to see further than a couple of feet. And he knew that had been Cavendish' thinking as well. A man like him would want to be able to scan the perimeter at all times. They were both men raised in the desert, and were used to be able to see where they were going, they had that much in common. He looked up at the sound of horse hooves, and frowned when Elton and his agents approached the Rangers slowly. \"Goodmorning, mr. Reid..\" Elton said cheerfully, tipping his bowler hat at the confused Ranger. \"Little bit of a chilly morning, isn't it?\" \"What the hell are you doing here, Henry?\" Dan said, unamused. The agent ignored him as he dismounted his horse like he had all the time in the world. His men followed his example, and Dan couldn't help but notice in disdain that Evans was with them as well. Seemingly recovered enough to get back into the saddle. \"Mr. Cole thinks you're incompetent..\" Elton spoke matter of factly, tying his horse to a tree. \"He thought it would be best for me and my men to accompany you on your.. little quest to find our little prairie poppy.\" Feeling slighted in his abilities, Dan walked up to fine suited Elton, forcing the latter's back into his own mount. \"Ye got some nerve to follow me around with that excuse, Henry. We both know ye don't give a damn about that girl getting home.\" The Ranger hissed. It only took a moment for the agent to lose his fearful expression at the Ranger's sudden close proximity. \"Very perceptive of you, Reid.\" He sneered. \"Unfortunately for her, that insightful talent of yours didn't present itself when little miss Hartley was still among us. After all, it was you who swore by high and low that Cavendish wasn't anywhere near that farm, wasn't it?\" Grabbing the agent by his collar, Dan growled in anger. He would have punched the little man stupid had it not been for Hollis placing his hand on his shoulder. \"Easy, Dan. The blowhard aint worth it. Not with Cavendish out there doing God knows what to that girl. Remember why we're here.\" Dan let go reluctantly, and the agent shuddered slightly from the experience. \"Don't get in my way.\" The Ranger warned softly. Elton gazed at him haughtily, straightening his collar in an attempt to regain his composure. \"We don't have to thread upon eachother's feet, mr. Reid.\" He said calmly. \"You should be glad Mr. Cole was considerate enough to give you more men to work with.\" Chuckling joylessly, Dan shot a quick glance at the other agents. \"Men?\" He huffed. \"Three overpaid mercenaries and a eunuch don't even make for one whole man.\" Evans shifted in his saddle angrily, but a warning glare from Elton told him not to act upon the Ranger's insults. \"Very witty, Reid. Very catchy. But this isn't your own personal vendetta no more. we're riding with you.\" The agent said. \"Besides, we can both get what we want this way. You get that girl, I get Cavendish, his gang and all the money on their heads.\" Dan ignored him as he mounted his horse, giving the order to the other Rangers to follow his example. \"Is that what you promised your boys?\" He asked, looking at the group of mean looking mercenaries. Their fine suits didn't do much to hide their vicious expressions. \"You promised them the reward money of the Cavendish gang?\" \"And what of it?\" Elton spoke arrogantly. \"It's about time somebody does something about that pesky little pack of dogs.\" Dan could only chuckle and shake his head. \"Cavendish worked with dogs years ago, Henry. The men following him around now are anything but stupid. I hope you know what you're doing. Cause let me tell you one thing, I aint going to save your hide.\" Elton just tilted his head with a bored expression. Not in the least impressed by the Ranger's warning. \"Anyway, I'm heading West. I suspect Cavendish will keep close to them mountains for shelter. You can follow or we can split up\" Dan continued, he didn't wait for the agent's reply as he ushered his horse forward, his Rangers in close pursuit. Pursing his lips in agitation, Elton climbed into the saddle and started prepping his gun calmly, taking bullet after bullet out of his ammunition belt, in no hurry whatsoever. After a moment of silence, he motioned for Evans to come closer. \"Which way is Cavendish going?\" He asked. The bearded, gruff looking man spat on the ground beside his horse, causing Elton to look slightly disgusted. \"Aint nuthin' fer him out west.\" Evans grumbled. \"He's gonna go south.\" Elton nodded, shoving his now loaded pistol back into its fancy new holster. \"And cross the border to sell that pretty little sheep to the nearest brothel, no doubt. The less Rangers the better, I suppose. This is where you'll prove your use to me, Evans. I know there's a trail down the canyon that leads straight into Mexico. You will lead us there.\" Evans hesitated, his horse shifting her weight restlessly. \"Aint safe te take a longrider's trail\" Elton rounded on him quickly. \"Are you here for a safe little road trip or are you here to make sure I don't throw your filthy person back into the prison you belong in?! You know the way… you get us Cavendish and his gang, and I'll make sure you can continue your revolting lifestyle in peace.\" Evans said nothing, and could only stare at the short, fine suited man in absolute hate. \"Yes, sir, mr. Elton, sir.\" llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll As quick as the water had risen, it sunk again as the narrow canyon's path widened. Eleanor was sure she had been under water for more than once, clinging to her panicking horse for dear life. And that had probably been the secret to surviving a thing like this. Horses could swim, and they would swim for their lives in an act of unbridled self-preservation. As the water sunk to the animals' knees, the men regained their bearings slowly, now resembling more of a pile of drowned rats than outlaws. She coughed and sputtered, water gushing out of her holster and shoes. Her tired mare's reins no longer wrapped around Butch's saddle, she looked around to see where the leader of this group of wet dogs had gone to, and spotted him a little up front. Butch had dismounted his horse, and lead the animal by her headpiece to higher ground. Shivering violently, she looked down at her hands, wrapped tightly around the knob of her saddle, red from the freezing cold water. \"You okay?\" She looked up to find Frank standing beside her, his young stallion's head hidden behind a curtain of soaked through manes, much like his rider, who's hair was plastered to his forehead. She couldn't help but giggle softly, and that seemed to lighten Frank's worry immediately. \"I'm alright..\" she assured him. He smiled at her words and reached out to take her horse's reins. \"Let's go and get you dried up..\" He announced, tugging her horse with him. They had only just recovered from the whole ordeal, when Jesus galloped his horse right past them, causing another wave of water to cover them both. He jumped off his mount the moment it climbed the soil, and fell to his knees with a heavy thud, kissing the ground and muttering his prayers in Spanish, his arms raised up to the heavens. \"Darn it, Jesus!\" Frank barked, taking off his hat to wring it out again. \"We knows yer happy to be in Mexico, ye don't have to be like that about it!\" She looked around, up at the ridges, and the land she left behind. They were in a foreign country now. But the rainclouds were over her homeland, and the skies were a pale pink across the river. Following their example, she dismounted stiffly, rubbing her arms to get warm. She was sure this part of the border was a trail no Ranger was dumb enough to take. A trail meant for outlaws looking for a quick escape. Butch had brought her into safety the only way he knew how, to go where no lawman dared show his face. A fire was built on the soggy banks of the Rio Grande, and boots and coats were hung to dry on improvised racks close to the fire. She did her best to hide her embarrassment of being among half-dressed men. Some had even taken off their shirts. But this was her life right now, and it was all she had left, she had to get used to it one way or the other. Keeping to herself, she decided to give it a try to remove her horse's saddle without any help. It was only one strap, how hard could it be? \"What ye wearing underneath that dress?\" Came the question when she had just pulled the heavy leather saddle off her horse's back. She turned to face the speaker, and found Barret gazing at her coldly in nothing but his trousers, an impressive pattern of scars decorating his sunburned skin. He folded his arms over his chest as he watched her struggle with the heavy saddle, indicating he wasn't going to help her. \"Excuse me?\" she asked, a little fearful. The weight of the saddle started to hurt her shoulders, but she wasn't going to turn her back to Barret and place it on the ground. Not while he was asking about what her underclothes looked like. \"Your dress, you dunce.\" He repeated himself, agitated. \"You're going to catch your death wearing that wet thing. So my question is.. what are you wearing underneath it?\" she could only stare at him in disbelief. \"well I..\" she started. \"I'm not taking it off, if that's what you mean.\" He took a step closer, and she took a step back, so he stopped and held up his hands. \"Hey now..\" he started. \"I aint going to rip it off you, alright? Put that saddle down and get yourself closer to the fire atleast. Cause if you think I'm going to play nurse for you if you get a lung infection because of this, you got another thing coming. I'm warning you now.. I've seen men die of that river's temperature and it aint a pretty sight.\" No longer capable of holding its weight, Eleanor lowered the saddle to the ground slowly. Her spine protesting against every movement. Now her arms were free again, she wrapped them around herself protectively, averting her eyes from the outlaw staring her down. \"Unless you want me to ask Butch to come over here and explain the problem to him..\" Barret threatened lightly, raising his eyebrows in question at the nervous young woman. \"And mind you he won't have a single problem with ripping that thing off you if that means saving your life.\" The thought alone made her blood freeze in fear. \"Oh no, please don't tell him, mister Barret.\" She begged him. He tilted his head, a sly grin on his face, he had found his loophole and he was going to use it too. \"What you got under that dress?\" He asked again. She stared at him with wide eyes, her mouth agape, ready to fire something back. \"You gotta stop looking at me like a deer into the barrel of a shotgun, I don't bite nearly as hard as your hero over there.\" He taunted, obviously amused by her fuming reaction. She straightened her back, offended by his remark, and reached up to start unbuttoning the first few buttons of her soaked through dress. Had he been polite, he would have turned away his gaze by now, as true gentlemen never stared at a woman in a state of undress. But he kept his eyes locked on her shivering figure, until she arrived at the buttons close to her stomach, that was when he finally turned away, walking back to his place at the campfire. Her old chemise wasn't anything worth writing home about, not to mention its faded white colour carried the stains of her travels even more clearly than the soaked through dark blue dress she wore over it. The cold wind coming from the river gave her goose bumps on her bare arms, and she heard the men around the campfire laugh in the distance. It was going to be quite the challenge to walk up to them, and sit among them in nothing but her underclothing. Holding her wet dress tightly against her chest, her worn shoes on top of the folded package of soaked clothing, she trudged toward the warmth of the fire, taking a deep breath to prepare herself for the looks an catcalls she was undoubtedly going to receive. Surrounded by their own clothing on self-made drying racks, the gang sat around a big fire in their trousers and shirt sleeves. An already half empty bottle of whiskey was passed on from man to man, and nothing seemed to betray that these outlaws had just survived the Rio Grande's unpredictable nature. She decided to squeeze in between Frank and Skinny, as quietly as she could. But of course, everybody stopped talking the moment she sat down, her bare feet covered in sand and dry leafs. She felt herself shrink under their silent stares. \"Well look who finally decided to join the party.\" Butch taunted, making the rest snicker. \"Dressed to impress.\" He continued, giving her a wicked smile. She didn't look up to meet his gaze, and stared down at her shivering hands instead. He motioned for the bottle of whiskey and tossed it into her lap, causing her to yelp in surprise. \"Drink. You'll feel warmer.\" The leader instructed. She made a face as she picked up the bottle, remembering its bitter taste from before. But she was too weary for further ridicule and she knew she was going to receive just that should she refuse the drink. So she plopped the cork, and after a moment of hesitation, took a deep swig. The gang hollered in enthusiasm. She coughed on the strong taste, and, wiping her mouth, handed the bottle to Frank before the rest would start challenging her to empty the whole thing. \"I do not understand why men like the taste of this so much..\" she mumbled, the heavy liquor forming a film on her tongue. \"We don't, Sharky.\" Butch had obviously heard her opinion about the whiskey. \"We just like the effect.\" Another round of snickering went through the group, and she couldn't help but chuckle softly at his joke. \"Get used to the taste, Chiquita.\" Jesus told her with a big grin on his broad face. \"It's the only drink you'll get for a while to come. My brother makes his own whiskey in the village I was born.\" \"It's a day's ride from here.\" Butch explained to the ones who hadn't been there before. \"And a good place to lay low for a while.\" He continued, his gaze resting on the shivering young woman. \"Is your sister still unmarried, Jesus?\" Barret started innocently, receiving a threatening look from the big man, who made a fist and held it up at the army surgeon. \"You come near my sister and I will make sure you don't walk out of my village, but crawl! Like the French dog you are!\" He said. Barret just smiled wickedly at him, not impressed at all. \"It aint my fault she pulls her dress over her head for anyone that offers three bucks.\" He sneered tauntingly. Jesus got up with surprising speed, ready to do God knows what to Barret. \"Enough!\" Butch interfered, causing the big man to sit down again. \"Ah don't want no trouble during the ride. Ye can blow a hole in eachother's head once we git there! Understood?!\" It seemed to be enough for the two men, for they stopped their bickering immediately. \"Where are we going exactly?\" Eleanor inquired softly, giving Butch an unsure look, but he avoided her seeking eyes. Catching up on his leader's uneasiness, Frank decided to do the explaining for him. \"We're going to Jesus' village. Aint so bad a place. There's food.. and sometimes baby goats.\" He told her with a smile. Baby goats. Somehow Eleanor suspected there was more to this mysterious Mexican village than baby goats. \"The most beautiful village of the world!\" Jesus announced proudly, spreading his arms in a welcoming gesture. \"With the most beautiful chiquita's, and the best whiskey south of the border!\" \"A whore's town.\" Barret said bluntly, wringing out his shirt without looking at her. \"Where all the scum of the earth gathers to lay low.\" She felt herself grow pale at the thought of such a place. A place from tales of travellers her mother would run into when she ran errands in Colby. Her father had told her about such towns as well, although he had never been to Mexico. She hugged herself quietly, reminding herself that she wouldn't last a day out here on her own. \"And.. how long will we stay there?\" Her voice trembled when she voiced her soft question, not exactly sure if any of the criminals would take kindly to her curiosity. Looks were exchanged among the members of the gang, and they all ended resting on their leader, who seemed all but willing to give her a straight answer. \"Mr. Cavendish?\" she pushed carefully. It just made him chuckle. \"Mr. Cavendish..\" He repeated mockingly, wiggling his eyebrows. His men snickered at their leader's taunting antics. \"Has a nice ring to it, doesn't it, boys?\" \"I'm asking you a question.\" She continued, feeling scorned. \"I heard ye.\" He suddenly got back to serious, snapping out of his little game. \"We'll stay there for aslong as we need.. Miss Hartley..\" He almost spat out her name, as he tipped his hat in a pretend politeness. After that, he got up from his spot and walked off without another word. She watched him go in silence, the man had a way of making her feel like she didn't know how to talk to him. had he been anyone else, she wouldn't have allowed him to cut himself loose from the conversation like this, and she would have followed him to whatever corner he was sulking in. \"We usually stay about three days..\" Frank tried. \"Depends on how much everyone drinks and all.\" She smiled at him gratitude. Atleast someone was always willing to talk to her, and answer her many questions, even though he didn't have all the answers either. In search for warmth, she leaned against his narrow shoulder, gazing at the river, the new light playing tricks on its waves. \"I don't think I've ever been this far from home.\" She mused softly. \"First few miles are the hardest.\" Frank said. \"After that it all feels the same. Till ye finally don't remember yer way back. Wouldn't know where te start.\" She nuzzled closer against his arm, feeling tears well up. This wasn't her. This wasn't what she had promised herself growing up on the ranch. Then again, she didn't think the war had been something her father had promised himself when he married her mother and started a family with her. But it had happened nonetheless. \"I'm glad you're with me, Frank.\" She spoke softly, hugging herself against the growing cold around her. \"You make it feel like I'm not so far from home.\" She felt his arm wrap around her trembling shoulders carefully, hugging her close protectively, like the brother her mother had always wanted for her. But somehow the Lord saw it fit to make her only child. There were no words needed as they both watched the river reflect the colors of the sky, till she was nothing but a mirror in which they could see the clouds pass over, giving room for the sun to cast her warm rays of light. R&R; plz[Chapter 17] Thanks for all the lovely reviews, favs and follows :) They are greatly appreciated! Chapter 17 It was an hour later when the outlaws started to redress themselves and began saddling their horses, readying themselves to leave. It had been a good hour of repose for men and animals, but they had a lot of ground to cover before nightfall, and their leader had started to feel restless. Eleanor found Butch in a quiet spot along the banks, gliding pebbles over the still water of the river, now as calm as if she never formed a threat to anyone who wandered through her stream. \"I think we're good to go..\" she announced her presence shyly, wrapped in Frank's blanket. Another pebble was send over the surface of the water, creating perfect ripples. \"Ye know what the Injuns call this river?\" Butch asked, not bothering to turn around and face her as he picked up another pebble. \" They call it Tewa P'osoge. Big Water.\" She watched him throw the pebble, only this one, broke the surface with a loud splash. \"Ahh, nuts..\" he cursed. \"Ah can't do it when someone's watchin'\" He turned to her with a clumsy smile and shrugged. \"How is it that you know so much about their culture?\" Eleanor asked curiously. He didn't seem willing to answer her, and took to upturning the soggy dirt with the tip of his boots. \"Their language.. their healing methods.\" She continued. \"What they call places.\" He looked up, and scanned the cliff's ridges with his keen eyes, taking his time before answering her. \"These places had names before we got here.\" He explained. \"It's funny how Injuns name everything, but at the same time say that nature is ever changing and ye can't step into the same river twice. What's the point in naming all that shit if it's just goin' te change on ye every day?\" She chuckled at his obvious frustration. \"I think they name places for the same reason we do. To know where they are.\" He tilted his head gazing at her, like he did sometimes, even when he thought she didn't see it. It gave her the feeling he could look straight through her, seeing something only he could detect with his unnatural eyes. \"In the war..\" he started, shifting his weight in uneasiness. \"We had Injun scouts showing us the way. They called these places by their culture's names.\" He waited for a reaction, but the shivering young woman simply stared at him in silence. \"That's how I know.\" \"Is that where you learned their language?\" she asked quietly, encouraging him to share more of his history with her. But the question seemed to annoy him and he averted his gaze from her, curling his lip in a mean snarl. \"Ah knew their language long before that..\" He forced himself to give her a straight answer, figuring she deserved that much. He had been the one to start this conversation after all. \"Or atleast a few of them anyhow.\" A slight breeze disturbed the still river, causing ripples on the surface. She tightened her grip on the itchy horse blanket around her, while the wind danced with her hair. \"I know so little about them.\" She said. \"I only know what my grandfather told me. He travelled with an Apache man when he was young. Said he could hear the spirits talk to him on the prairie wind.\" \"Yea..\" Butch mumbled, no longer looking at her. Instead, he studied the banks of the now moving river. \"Most men don't need no wind to hear voices in their heads.\" A small group of deer had gathered on the other end of the stream, quenching their thirst with the cool water. They rendered themselves safe enough to drink right across from the humans on the other side. \"Ye roam around these parts long enough, ye'll eventually find yourself talking to them.\" Butch continued, picking up a much bigger rock than the pebbles he had glided over the surface earlier. \"Do they ever say something back?\" Eleanor asked. He paused for a moment, toying with the stone in his calloused hands. \"Yea.. sometimes.\" He said. Like he was about to throw a baseball, he struck a pose and threw the stone as far as he could in the direction of the drinking deer. The loud splash send the animals scattering away in panic. He laughed as he watched the deer trip over eachother frantically. \"Oh come on..\" she complained. \"Now why would you do such a thing?\" He gave her an unamused look, but said nothing. Seconds later, a mountain lion appeared from behind a rock, looking perfectly disappointed. Only a few feet away from where the deer had been drinking. The animal sniffed the ground, admitting defeat, and decided to try its luck elsewhere. Butch turned around to face her with a cheeky grin. \"They say things like.. hey, Butch.. there's a cougar behind that there rock.. \" He wiggled his eyebrows at her playfully, and chuckled at her attempts to hold in her laugh. \"So in tune with nature you are.\" She mocked. \"Saving innocent deer from vicious predators.\" He took a swaying step into her direction. \"This place where we're going..\" he started. \"It aint half as bad as those idiots make it sound like. We won't have te worry about any Rangers there.\" \"Somehow I can't help but worry about a place where Rangers don't dare to go.\" She spoke carefully, not wanting him to cut off the conversation prematurely again. He let out a big sigh, obviously at a loss for words. \"Look ere', little Shark.. there's worse than Rangers out there. Those fine suits that burned down yer mother's ranch? Ye think they aint on yer trail right now?\" She blinked, confused. \"Well, why would they be interested in chasing me?\" \"It aint you they want.\" He gazed at her sternly. \"But if they do so happen te find you. They're the last to bring ye home. Ah don't know what they're gonna do te yer mother, or what they've already done. But ahm tellin' ye now.. they aint gonna spare ye if they find you.\" She swallowed thickly at his words, feeling her stomach turn. \"Are you saying I should prepare for the worst.. considering my mother?\" her voice trembled, and she hated herself for letting her panic show. He sniffed, looking anywhere but her eyes. \"Ahm sayin' that town aint the worst of yer problems right now.\" There was a short silence, his cryptic way of speaking sinking in. \"And my mother..\" she asked softly, dreading the answer. \"She's..\" \"Ah don't have all the answers, Sharky.\" He interrupted her gently, his voice just above a whisper. \"And ahm a poor excuse for comfort, ah know.. \" he quieted down, seeing her eyes fill up with tears, although she did her best to fight them back. Her breathing deep and rapid, struggling to keep herself calm. \"Hey now..\" His voice brought her back, and she looked up to meet his eyes. \"That aint never gone saved anyone's life.\" He chided softly. \"Frank's wailing is rubbin' off on ye.\" She chuckled through her tears, and reached up to rub them away roughly. \"Ahh, see ah can still make ye laugh.\" His playful wink made her smile despite herself, despite the dark clouds hanging over her life right now. The uncertainty of its outcome. He was indeed able to make her laugh at moments where she wanted to do anything but laughing. But somehow his clumsy ways of cheering her up always managed to put a smile on her face. Her giggling distracted her enough for him to come closer to get a better look at the still healing wound on her forehead. A man had obvious problems if he found the need to hit a woman with the back of his gun with such force. \"How's that comin' along anyway?\" He mumbled, nodding at the stitched up cut. \"Yer still seein' stars?\" She shook her head shyly, gazing down at her bare feet, her toes buried in the soft sand of the river's banks. \"It doesn't really hurt anymore.\" He took a step back, her own uneasiness contagious. \"Good.. that's good.\" He nodded, his hands on his gun belt. \"Might not even leave a scar.\" She forced herself to smile at his kind optimism, but she knew he knew better than that. It would leave a scar for sure. Like Barret had told her. A reminder of Evans' cruelty, and the price she paid for trying to protect her home. \"How's your stomach?\" she asked in turn, it had been a while since she had inquired about his illness. But instead of giving her a straight answer, he just chuckled at her. \"Time te move, Sharky.\" She watched him walk back to camp, remaining in her spot for a few moments. But he didn't look over his shoulder to see if she was following, and she listened to him bark his orders at his men when he disappeared from her view. The command to move out was given not much later. Sending the men into their saddles, and continue on a trail only the oldest members of the gang seemed to know. Mexico didn't look much different from Texas. It was just as dry, flat and hot. Winter had not yet arrived, the sun was as merciless as she knew it, and the sand had the same pale yellow color. Yet the air smelled like Mexico's indigenous flora, different than the scent of the prairie back home. To save the horses from overheating, a big part of the trip was done at a walking pace, and she soon found herself regretting the action of putting her dress back on. Frank handed her his canteen every now and then, sharing his water with her happily. As usual, Ray rode alongside Butch, both men knowing the way like the inside of their own pockets. They spoke on occasion, a few words or a question, but always in hushed tones to make sure the rest of the gang was left out on the matter of the subject. \"What are they talking about?\" Eleanor asked Frank, her voice just above a whisper, causing the young outlaw to lean toward her in order to hear her properly, almost sliding off his smooth saddle. But he could only shrug in answer to her question. The conversation between the leader and his right hand man remained a mystery unsolved. They had been riding for what seemed like hours when she noticed vultures had begun circling the small group of horses and men, expecting one of them to eventually succumb to the elements. She peered up at the eerie looking birds, casting shadows in the yellow sand with their broad wings. The horses neighed restlessly at the raspy hisses they produced, a sound she recognized from her dreams. How men were able to navigate through the rippled haze on the horizon remained a mystery to her. Everything looked the same, and there were no markings alongside the road to help a traveller stay on the right trail. Apart from the occasional horse or cow carcasses, the bones a chalky white from the sun and being gnawed on by so many hungry animals. When the sun was already starting her descent, they came by a lone, dead tree, standing out in the middle of the vast open space of the Mexican desert. A skeleton dressed in grotesque looking rags was swinging from one of the branches. A sheriff's star decorated its torn jacket, and a sign was hung around its thin neck. But the writings on the piece of board were in Spanish. \"Thus to lawmen..\" Barret explained to her, no emotion in his voice. \"That's what it says. Means we're close.\" It wasn't revealed to her whether the skeleton in the tree had actually been a real lawman in his waking life, or whether he had been an outlaw just as much as anyone around here, and his body simply served as an example. No matter who he had been, he now was a nameless warning to anyone trespassing this land. The ruins of an old fort of some sort erected itself at the horizon some time later. Its bleached white walls reflecting the dying sun light. She vaguely noticed the vultures that had been circling above them for the duration of the trip, retreating into the distance. For the first time during their travels, Butch peered over his shoulder. \"Flank her.\" He barked at the men riding closest to her. Barret moved his much bigger horse close to her own, and her mare nipped at the patient stallion's nose in agitation. Frank followed his example, only her horse didn't seem to be bothered as much with the invasion of her personal space by his mount, and continued bothering Barret's military steed instead. \"Ye don't look anyone in the eyes.\" Butch pointed a warning finger at her, his gaze dead serious. \"Am ah clear?\" She nodded frantically, her heart beating in her throat at a rapid pace. They passed the jaded white arch into the courtyard of the old fort, and she suddenly understood the gangleader's instructions. The place was littered with low lives, sitting at long wooden tables decorated with empty bottles, bee's wax candles and plates of unidentifiable food. Up on the balconies of the top floor's apartments, women dressed in nothing but chemises leaned over the wooden railing, curiously peering down at the newcomers. Yet among the drinking, hollering criminals, there were dogs and children running around. Women of both Mexican and Native heritage walked around with plates of food, serving the outlaws in a quiet manner. A village of outlaws, Eleanor had heard about them before. Places completely controlled and occupied by men and women that had all broken the law at some point in their lives. As a bounty hunter, one good make a good sum of money for their retirement right in the middle of this courtyard, but she doubted whether there was a bounty hunter brave, or rather stupid, enough to show his face in here. \"Cavendish!\" A woman that had been sitting at the head of one of the long tables, got to her feet. Her long black hair reached till the small of her back, but it was tousled and dirty, as if this evening had gone on forever, and she hadn't seen a sunrise in quite a while. \"You owe me money!\" she continued with a thick Spanish accent, as she walked up to him. Not planning on rushing anything for anyone, Butch dismounted his horse slowly, his body stiff from sitting in the saddle for so long. \"Rosa..\" He greeted her almost cordially. \"Don't you Rosa me!\" Her thin face made her brown eyes even more expressive. She crossed her arms over her chest, staring the gang leader down with an audacity not many men had survived. \"You dare show your face in here, just like that?! What is it with you, hm?! chicas cost money, Cavendish! No exceptions!\" Butch rolled his shoulders and peered at his men with a sly grin. \"Ah come on now, Rosa.. For old times' sake, eh?\" The woman narrowed her hazel eyes and scoffed. \"You waltz in here like you own the place. Mirar, I have girls to feed! You pay this time!\" she held up a warning finger close to his face. \"Or you'll be sorry!\" He took a threatening step in her direction, fed up with her attitude, and backed her against one of the wooden tables. \"Ah see the hospitality of this place has gone a little downhill since mah last visit.\" He hissed at her. \"You have one of your men to thank for that!\" she hissed back. \"You think any man can just come in here, cut up one of my girls like that and not pay for it?!\" \"Evans don't ride with me no more.\" He told her, no emotion in his voice. \"Fact ah don't see him ridin' at all for a while to come.\" The woman was silent, regarding him with the same wary glare she always seemed to have on her dirtied, gaunt face. Her eyes left his for a moment to inspect the men behind him, still on their horses. \"What did you do to him?\" she asked, obviously missing the one face in the group of outlaws that had followed him. He shifted where he stood, getting uncomfortably close to her, but she didn't seem impressed, rather bored. \"Gimme a bottle of whiskey and ah'll tell ye all about it..\" He whispered close to her face. She clicked her tongue in annoyance, and pushed him away, causing him to chuckle. \"Keep your secrets, Cavendish..\" she huffed. \"Fine.. one night! Put your horses in the stables.\" Relieved with the permission to stay, the men dismounted, and Eleanor quickly followed their example as quietly as she could. Somehow she felt like she didn't want to be seen by this Rosa. Thankfully the noise of the other men around the tables, and the mariachi band in a corner of the courtyard quickly resumed its deafening buzz, drowning out any other sound. The stables were quiet, and she placed her horse next to Frank's, in need to be close to the one person who was always kind to her. They saddled off their horses in a comfortable silence. Petting her grey mare, she watched Frank fill the trays with water. The parched animals wasted no time to quench their thirst. Criminal ran town or not, they knew how to treat their animals. There was fresh straw on the ground, and the roof seemed safe from leaking. An elderly, Spanish looking man that mumbled to himself, paced through the dim litted corridors of the stables with a bucket of feed. A couple of mules in the next pen nipped at eachother's snouts playfully, giving out their funny sounds as the man filled their trays with food. \"Are ye hungry?\" Frank asked. She looked up at him with a faint smile and nodded, hardly remembering the last time she had something to eat. \"There's plenty of food here. And it aint half bad either. It's spicy though.. can give ye a tummy ache.\" He continued, rubbing his stomach absentmindedly. \"What is this place?\" she asked, gazing at the young man. She was desperate for answers, and she knew he was the wrong person to request them from, but she didn't expect anyone else to even look at her when she asked a question. Frank looked unsure about giving a reply, and continued petting his horse to distract his mind from going into overdrive. \"Ah know it used to be a soldier fort..\" He started, giving her a lopsided smile. \"Now it's the only safe place we can go to. Ye know..after becoming an outlaw and all.\" For a second, she considered asking about the woman named Rosa, but Barret joined them before she could voice her question. \"Are you two done here?\" He asked. \"She's scared about goin' out there, Jack.\" Frank spoke in all of his innocent honesty, and she felt herself grow red in embarrassment. Half expecting the much tougher outlaw to just give her a sneer, she gazed at him defiantly, daring him to make a less than courteous remark. But he simply looked her up and down, only mildly interested in her state of mind. \"I'm not scared..\" she spoke in her own defence. \"I don't care if you are or aren't. You're here now, find a way to cope with it.\" Barret said in his monotone voice. \"Anyone gives you trouble.. that's what that gun is for. You make sure it's loaded, and you go out there and get yourself a plate of food.\" He regarded her coldly, showing no mercy. When she didn't stir, he moved to let her through, giving her a mock bow. \"After you..\" She raised her chin in an attempt to look dignified when she passed him by, and thankfully, she heard Frank following her in close pursuit. The rest of the gang, including its leader, had made themselves comfortable at one of the long wooden tables. Food was already being served, and everyone was given a drink to work up their appetites. There seemed to be a strict hierarchy within the walls of this old fort turned outlaw village. None of the present gangs interfered with eachother, and it seemed to be an important rule to live by. Among the scantily clad women, dangerous looking men paced the upper balconies, rifles at the ready should a fight break out below in the busy courtyard. Yet there seemed to be little rivalry between the outlaws. Butch was greeted by various gang leaders, and shared a word or two with an older man who had taken a seat beside him. The woman Rosa, who had been busying herself with getting the gang members seated and cared for, now took a seat on Butch's other side, mingling herself into the conversation. She leaned in close to the outlaw's ear. \"Who's the stray kitten?\" She whispered. Butch leaned back in his chair, scanning the perimeter in search of the person at question. He found her seated at the other end of the table, flanked by Frank and Barret. The latter shoved a glass of whiskey in front of her, but she only regarded it with a disgusted expression. \"A matter ah still need te solve. Takin' longer than I had thought it would.\" The gang leader mumbled, chucking down the remains of his whiskey. \"Really?\" Rosa said, leaning her chin on her hand, her elbow resting on the wooden surface of the crudely crafted table. He gave her an annoyed look and clicked his tongue. \"Yea, really.\" She motioned for one of the Native looking women to come over with a bottle of hard liquor, refilling Butch's glass. \"Where did you find her? Is she one of Red's?\" The outlaw scoffed and downed his glass in one haul, as if made nervous. \"She aint none of that. She's ah.. ye know.. rancher's daughter.\" He held up his glass for another refill, but the Native woman just gave him a dirty look and walked away. \"Yer waitress don't like me.\" \"White Feather.\" Rosa said. Leaning over the table, she reached for another half empty bottle and placed it in front of the complaining outlaw with a loud clunk. \"Apache. You know how they are. But don't change the subject on me, Cavendish. Tell me more about your kitten.\" From a distance, Eleanor observed the interaction between the gang leader and the woman. The words of their conversation drowned out by the deafening noise of hollering, drunk criminals and the band that kept on playing like there was something to celebrate. Despite his earlier crude demeanour, Barret had gotten her a plate of food and something else to drink than the bitter tasting whiskey Jesus had raved about. Frank chatted happily about every odd thing he had ever seen in this already odd environment, but she could hardly get herself to listen to his stories. Skinny had joined them moments later, bringing his own plate with him, gravy dripping down his long beard. Only the older members remained close to Butch, all occupied with their own barely clothed olive skinned women. Catching her locked fixation on the gang leader and his current company, Barret followed her gaze. \"Rosa..\" He started. \"They go way back. I don't know every detail of it, and I don't care to. And if you're as smart as you look, you refrain from asking about it.\" \"Ah like her..\" Frank said cheerfully, ripping the meat off a chicken bone. \"She pinches my cheeks and calls me her little Loquito or somethin'..Ah don't know what that means but.. she always smiles when she says it.\" \"Don't that mean crazy?\" Skinny asked, confused. \"That word she calls you?\" Frank just shrugged, he didn't know any Spanish. \"Yea, it does.. means little crazy one..\" Barret chuckled menacingly. \"Suits you perfectly.\" Skinny laughed, and Eleanor couldn't help herself either. Frank looked perfectly offended, like a little boy who had just been told Santa Claus doesn't exist. In good company, as good as it came in these parts, the place wasn't that bad. A little boy of about seven years of age collected empty plates from the tables, sneaking between the drinking criminals with women on their laps. She had noticed him before, but to the rest, he went unseen, collecting plates until he had an impressive stack in his young arms. He brought them to one of the rooms on the ground floor, presumably the kitchen. He seemed to be the only child with a task. The others just played with the dogs, or teased the mules by poking them with twigs, until their mothers put a stop to it. When he came to their table to collect their empty dishes, she placed a hand on his arm, and smiled. \"What's your name?\" The boy looked up at her in surprise, his eyes a sky blue. But he said nothing in return, as he looked from Eleanor to the rest of the outlaws. \"Your name, boy.\" Barret threatened, but the child didn't seem impressed. Which wasn't surprising because of where he was growing up in. \"Emilio.\" He finally said, stretching over the table to grab Skinny's empty plate, causing the young outlaw to jump at the dish suddenly being pulled away. Stacking the plates in his arms, the boy left without another word. \"It's her son.\" Barret said, giving a small nod in the direction of Rosa, still talking to Butch. Eleanor shot a quick glance in their direction, but she somehow felt like looking away. She had noticed before how much closer to woman had gotten to Butch, and now she had thrown one leg over his lap. Yet he was still talking, with a clouded over expression in his eyes, and hardly seemed to notice her hand against his chest. \"Look.\" Frank's voice got her attention, and she followed his gaze toward the open desert. The sky a pitch black, with a thin rim of dark blue on the horizon. Lightning could be seen in the vast distance, the storm had followed them all the way here. The bright bolts reached all the way to the dry ground, disappearing into the earth's parched soil. \"When that hits, all hell is going to break loose.\" Barret mumbled, getting up from his seat. \"Come on, I'll find you a room to sleep in.\" R&R;[Chapter 18] Holy balls.. so sorry for the slow updates, folks. Life has been a little rough lately. I promise the next update won't take this long. Enjoy! Chapter 18 The longer you spend in the noise of the courtyard, the more it started drowning out every other sound around you, turning into an almost pleasant background buzz. Mixed with the bland flavoured wine Barret had managed to arrange for her, the sounds of the hollering criminals, firing their guns and pointlessly shattering their empty plates, turned into white noise in her head. Now the depth of night had arrived, the men had become so drunk, the cheerful mood had turned into something more gruesome. Fights had broken out, and women were grabbed and pulled onto laps roughly and against their will. The children had disappeared from the scene, and even the dogs had retreated into the stables or under carts. It was at that point that Barret manoeuvred Eleanor out of the courtyard, with Frank on their heels. He brought her up, onto the balconies, and had found a quiet spot in one of the four corners of the fort. He had left the two young people there, in search of the room he promised her. Sitting beside eachother on the high wall, Frank and Eleanor let their feet dangle over the edge, peering down at the few men who had left the courtyard, and, unsuccessful at finding a room, fondled their women against the walls, still warm from being in the sun all day. The quiet of the desert surrounding them stood in sharp contrast to the ruckus that continued in the courtyard below. Both the girl and the young outlaw jumped slightly at the sound of the first gun shot, and the screaming of a woman that followed. \"Is all fun and games until someone decides te kill someone.\" Frank told her, almost apologizing. Her shocked expression said it all, he needed no reply from the young woman to understand what went on in her mind. \"Ah wish ah could name the stars like Butch can.. \" Frank continued, changing the subject. He gazed up at the pitch black sky, the stars like beacons in the dark. \"But ah always forget their names..\" Eleanor looked up, digging into her clouded memory for her grandfather's lessons. It felt like digging into a past life, in which she had died and had been reborn into the world of today, the world she was living in right now. \"See that bright star up there?\" she started, pointing directly up. \"That's the North star. Right above her, that's the Big Dipper. And below her.. That's Cassiopeia.\" \"Did Butch tell you all about it too?\" Frank asked. \"He's turning ye into a regular trail hand, aint he?\" She shook her head, still gazing up. \"Nah, Frank. I could always name the stars. That was never my problem.\" Barret returned some time later, and stiffly heaved himself onto the white bleached wall next to the two younger people, his legs significantly longer than theirs, his spurs clicking against the stone. \"I got good news, and I got bad news. Which one would you like to hear first?\" He announced, following her gaze up to the sky. \"Bad news comes first.\" Frank said. \"That's what mah ma always said anyway.\" \"Bad news is; I couldn't get you a room for tonight. Because none of these damn whores are willing to rent out their rooms without them in it. So unless you're in for a girls night out party with a Spanish speakin' harlot, I can't offer you anything.\" Barret explained. She chuckled involuntarily at his colourful descriptions, getting much used to the foulmouthed criminals surrounding her. \"So what's the good news?\" she asked. \"Good news is; once all these men had their way with them whores, the rooms will become available again. So all you need is a little patience, really.\" She made a face, not sure she wanted to sleep in sheets that had been used for such a purpose. \"That's your good news?\" He shrugged, peering up at the stars again. \"Probably as good as it's going to get in this place.\" He mumbled. \"I've been out here for years, yet this vista still amazes me every time. I didn't see many stars where I grew up. The air wasn't dry enough for them.\" \"Jack's from Virginia.\" Frank said, and immediately regretted his words as Barret grabbed him by his collar roughly, pushing him dangerously toward the edge. \"You got wings, Taylor?!\" The older man hissed. Frank whimpered and shook his head frantically. \"You remember that next time you reveal something about my life, cause next time you fly!\" Frank nodded, and mumbled his apologies until he was released with a last violent shove. Eleanor noticed about herself she wasn't as impressed by this show of violence as she used to be. The rough manner the criminals treated eachother with, was something she had gotten used to. Frank received a lot of tough love, but none of them would ever really harm him. \"My father's family was from Virginia.\" She said. \"Or atleast, his grandparents were. I know my great great grandfather worked on a plantation, he took care of the horses of some rich family. My father told me once, his grandfather had told him that the worst thing about rich families were the sons.\" She giggled softly. Barret didn't look at her, and it took him awhile to answer. \"Yea, he was probably right.\" After an uncomfortable silence, the mood thickening, he reached into his coat pocket and pulled out a pocket watch, his French last name engraved into the golden plated time piece. \"I'm one of those sons.\" He said, holding out the watch to her by its golden chain. She took it from him carefully, and studied the extravagant object in her hands. \"Open it.\" He encouraged. Never having touched a pocket watch, she didn't know how, and fumbled with it for a while until he clicked his tongue and took it from her, opening it himself, he gave it back. The faded, black and white portrait of a man stared back at her, unmistakably wearing a clerical collar. \"That's my father.\" Barret explained. \"I grew up with the idea that my father had hundreds of children cause everyone called him exactly what I called him. Everyone called him father. All our slaves.. even my mother. Gets sort of confusing.\" She gazed at the photo. The man had Barret's unruly curly hair, and the same stern, cold eyes. \"You look like him.\" she remarked. He shook his head. \"I'm nothing like the bastard.\" He said. \"That's why I left.\" She refrained from asking why he considered his father a bastard, thinking it more wise to simply let the outlaw do his story. Frank fished the pocket watch from her hands and looked at the picture, turning the object around a couple of times until the photo made sense to his simple brain. \"Dammit, Frank!\" Barret hollered, reaching out to grab the time piece from him, but Frank laughed and held it up where Barret couldn't reach. \"If you drop that I swear to God, you'll be following right after it!\" \"Say please!\" Frank teased, laughing hysterically. Chuckling, she removed herself from the war zone she had been sucked into, and climbed off the wall, leaving the two wrestling criminals behind. While they had been sitting there, the quiet had fallen over the courtyard below. Only the lazy tunes of a tired guitar player sitting on a barrel in a corner confirmed that not everyone had fallen asleep yet. The long wooden tables had mostly been abandoned, except for a few loudly snoring outlaws that had fallen asleep over their plates, their drinks still in their calloused hands. Empty bottles, and leftovers from the meals littered the dusty ground. The dogs had returned, scavenging for bones among the wasted food. She leaned over the railing, and when she stretched her neck, she could see some of the men sleeping on the ground under the balconies, their backs against the walls of the fort, no longer hungry and satisfied from every other need a man could entertain. None of them were part of the gang she travelled with. And its leader was nowhere to be found. The balconies, illuminated by rusty, ancient looking lanterns, were mostly deserted. The armed guards had disappeared, and apart from the occasional tired looking man leaving one of the rooms, there was no one to keep her from going around the fort. The wooden boards cracked underneath her old shoes, and she silently hoped no one would notice her presence. The silence was so deafening, she could hear the coyotes howl and yelp outside the walls. The horses, down in the stables, whinnied restlessly in response. She inhaled the cool night air; smelling like burned wood and sage. Arriving at the second corner, she heard quiet voices, speaking softly to one another. The words were lost to her, but the conversation seemed to be light-hearted and between two people who knew eachother well. Careful about making her presence known, she peeked around the corner. Butch was leaning lazily against the mudstone wall of one of the rooms, studying the smoke from his cigarette, rising up into the black skies. Rosa sat on a crate next to him, seemingly wrapped in her own thoughts as well. \"You're killing her.\" Rosa started after a while, looking up at the criminal. \"You know that right?\" He moved his eyes to meet hers slowly, a grin forming on his face. \"Yer still livin\" She scoffed and shook her head in disbelief. \"I didn't grow up on a ranch, Cavendish.\" She shot back, and got up from the crate. Her own cigarette almost done, she had been smoking it in a hurry, while he took his time. \"I was raised by people like you.\" \"people like me..\" He repeated, no longer looking at her. His words seemed slurred, like his tongue was too big for his mouth. It wasn't a question, he was simply processing her words through his intoxicated mind, pondering whether it had been an insult or not. \"Poisonous people.\" She turned to him, the same fire in her hazel eyes as before. \"As poisonous as that snake that bit you.\" She nodded at the rattlesnake tail braided into his long hair. He blinked at her slowly, no apparent expression on his face. She turned away again, pacing around the crates while muttering her frustrations in Spanish. \"Sucker paid dearly for it.\" He mumbled. She rounded on him quickly, holding a finger an inch from his face. \"And so will you.\" She warned him, swallowing thickly, as if she was suddenly overcome with emotion. \"Dios mio, Butch.. What have you done?\" He raised his chin at her, regarding her coldly and gave no further reply. She huffed at him in disbelief, and threw her finished cigarette on the floor. \"What is to become of this girl? Have you ever thought of that for one minute?\" He shrugged, turning his head into the direction of the desert, peering at the distant horizon of the endless landscape. \"They're gonna hang her ma..\" He started. \"For killin' a railroad man.\" Rosa sighed and shook her head. \"And I suppose you told her she would be safe with you?\" she huffed, the sarcasm dripping off her voice. He still stared off into the distance, and said nothing for a while. \"What do you know about travelling with a woman hm?\" she asked, chuckling bitterly. \"A girl..\" \"She's tough..\" he mumbled, like it explained everything. \"Been through quite something already.\" \"She's a young girl!\" Rosa repeated more forcefully, as if the man had hardly heard her. \"I may be a whore, but I know innocence when I see it. You're ruining her..\" Butch shifted where he stood, but still refused to look at her. \"We have nothing to offer to people like her.\" She whispered. \"Only fear.\" Eleanor couldn't see Butch's face, but she had a slight idea of what his expression was like at the moment. His contemplating stare was something she had seen before. It made his vibrant blue eyes pale and cloud over with worry and something unreadable she had not yet deciphered. \"Aint no use leavin' her here though.\" He mumbled. \"Not with her ma out there. She'd just be following\" \"You could take her to the nearest train station and put her on her way back to the East. Where all these chiquitas come from! These rancher's daughters.\" Rosa shot back. \"Like these people know what to do with themselves once they're here.\" She huffed. Feeling a sudden rush of anger come over her, Eleanor stepped into the dim light of the dying lantern that was standing on one of the crates, her face a sharp contrast of yellow brightness and dark shadow. Breathing heavily, her eyes went from the outlaw now gazing at her tiredly, to the rather surprised looking woman. \"I'm not a child!\" she started, feeling her courage leave her the longer she faced the two people staring back at her. \"And I'm not planning on getting on any train East!\" Neither of them said anything, and it just made the despair inside her grow even stronger. \"You can't make me!\" she called out. \"Like he said I..I would just be following.\" Butch, mildly impressed by her sudden entrance, chuckled softly. \"Headstrong little than', aint she? Determined too.\" \"And under the impression she's in a position to negotiate.\" Rosa spoke calmly, but her eyes told Eleanor something different. As dull as they had been earlier this evening, as fiery were they now, regarding the young rancher's daughter with a mixture of pity, frustration and even contempt. \"I'm not a captive.\" Eleanor argued, taking a step back as the woman approached her slowly, circling her like a cat would its prey. \"I can leave whenever I want to.\" \"And go where?\" Rosa said, making a hand movement toward the vast endless desert surrounding them. \"Join the coyotes? Hm?\" Eleanor was silent, admitting defeat. \"Thought so..\" Rosa said, shaking her head in disbelief. \"You're a captive of your own decisions. And in that you're not so different from the men you're travelling with.\" \"Thanks, Rosa..\" Butch grumbled. \"Ye know exactly how to make everythin' sound terrible.\" \"It is terrible..\" Rosa confirmed, gazing sadly at the young woman before her. \"Don't you have family back east where you can go to? Away from this mess?\" \"I am not leaving my mother behind to be hanged.\" Eleanor said defiantly. \"For killing a man that tried to burn down our house, and killed my grandfather.\" The Latina was silent for a moment, and let out a big sigh. She folded her slender arms across her chest. \"And you think becoming an outlaw will save her? You think you're the only one who lost people? Lost their home? Look around you! You're surrounded by people like that.. do you truly want to become like them?\" Eleanor dropped her eyes to the wooden floorboards, and didn't look up when she felt Rosa's hands on her arms, squeezing them gently. \"Life is unfair.\" she continued, taking off her colourful shawl to wrap it around Eleanor's trembling shoulders, sighing heavily. \"I was just like you once..\" she explained softly. \"Don't make the mistakes I made.\" She almost begged. After a moment of silence the woman snapped out of her soft mood, letting go of the girl. She turned to Butch, her hands on her hips. \"Don't keep me waiting too long. You're not getting those coins back.\" She told him, and in a whirlwind of bright coloured shawls and skirts, Rosa passed her by and made her way down the balcony. An uncomfortable silence followed while they both listened to the dying sounds of Rosa's steps on the wooden boards. Clearing her throat nervously, Eleanor tightened her hold on the shawl around her shoulders. \"I..I'm sorry if I interrupted something. I just.. heard something about a train and I..\" she started. \"Come 'ere, Sharky.\" She hesitated for a moment, and then approached him carefully. Facing Butch after eavesdropping on his conversation with Rosa was harder than she had anticipated, and she was aware how heavy her legs felt when she took the few steps into his direction. He was still leaning against the wall calmly, and gave her a weak, lopsided smile when she came into his view. The thick smell of heavy liquor hung around him, mixed with the spicy scent of his cigarettes. \"Did ye push Frank off the wall?\" he asked, causing her to smile instantly. \"Barret almost did.\" She confirmed. \"Listen, I..I just arrived. I didn't hear anything you two were talking about..I mean.. before the train. \" He took a last draw from his cigarette before sending it flying over the high wall with a flick of his finger. He stretched, his arms raised above his head, and let out an uncomfortable moan when his spinal cord snapped. \"Don't lie to me, Sharky.\" He spoke softly, rolling his shoulders counter clock wise in an attempt to loosen his muscles. \"Ye don't want te do that.\" She was silent for a moment. \"I'm sorry if I interrupted something important.\" She whispered. \"Nuthin' but the muttering of a whore.\" Butch confirmed, but he didn't seem to completely agree with his own words. \"Alright, Sharky.. ahm off..\" he announced. She dropped her eyes to the floor, realizing where he was going. The thought embarrassing her. She rubbed her arm absentmindedly, not knowing what to say in response. \"Are you going to do as she said?\" she asked quietly. Halting in front of her, he let out a deep sigh while searching for the right words to say. \"ah could probably get you a first class ticket too. Ah got my connections.\" He chuckled, but it died away when she didn't smile. Shifting where he stood, he rubbed the back of his head in uneasiness. \"I aint gonna put ye on no train, alright?\" she nodded, but couldn't bring herself to meet his gaze. \"Look at me.\" He ordered. She looked up into his blue eyes, reflecting the light of the lanterns around them. \"Things got too complicated for that. Blood's been spilled. Ye got a price on yer head. Putting ye on a train aint gonna solve none of this.\" She was silent, blinking slowly. He shifted again, as if nervous, and cleared his throat. For a moment it seemed he was just going to turn around and leave. \"But since everyone seems to think I adopted a woman into mah gang!\" He said loudly, looking around in agitation. She chuckled softly, not able to help herself, his antics always made her smile. \"Ah guess we're just gonna have te find a way to get ye through this.\" He finished in a softer tone. \"Ah got a few tricks up mah sleeve yet, Sharky. But yer gonna have te be patient.\" She nodded, looking down at her feet again. \"Yer cold?\" He asked. She hadn't even noticed the shiver that shook her body when a rush of cold air hit her. Before she could reply, he had taken off his coat and placed it around her trembling shoulders. The hem of the torn fabric almost reaching till her ankles. \"Stay outta trouble.\" He whispered close to her ear, his rough voice giving her goosebumps of which she would deny their existence till the end of her days, and turned to leave. He left her there, in pursuit of Rosa, and she could hear the door of her quarters close and lock moments later. She huddled closer into the old coat, carrying the strong scent of its owner. The lightning of the nearing storm drew her attention, and as if hypnotized by its view, she walked to the furthest corner of the fort, as close to the grey clouds as the walls could take her, and there she leaned on the warm stone, gazing at the bright bolts touching the dry earth. It was going to hit them sooner or later. The wind the storm blew forth, smelled like rain and wet dirt. The clouds came from the trail they had followed into Mexico, and she wondered if the storm had already hit Colby. The thought of her mother, alone in a cell, with weather like this, made her heart ache. \"Hold on, mother.\" She whispered to no one in particular. \"I'll get you out of there.\" From the corner of her eyes, she noticed the Apache woman White Feather standing by the same wall, gazing at the storm as well. She started her mysterious chanting moments later, as if she was beckoning the clouds to come closer. Eleanor could only guess what the words meant, and averted her attention back to the nearing storm, allowing the cold wind to play with her long hair. When White Feather had finished her ritual, she came up to the girl determinedly, speaking in her native tongue while tugging on Butch's torn coat. Eleanor could only shake her head. \"I'm sorry. I don't understand.\" She said softly. White Feather blinked, and reached up to take off one of her necklaces, adorned with beads and the teeth of a certain animal. Carefully, she placed it around Eleanor's neck, her hand on the girl's heart for a moment. \"Protection..\" she said. Eleanor looked down at her new decoration, touching the white fangs for a moment. \"Thank you, but I already wear protection.\" She argued softly, reaching into her bodice to retrieve a small silver cross, the one Grandfather had given her, a long time ago. But White Feather shook her head, and tucked the cross back into the girl's shirt. \"The more Gods the better.\" She said.[Chapter 19] Thanks for all the reviews, favs and follows! To my guest reviewers: I cannot answer you all personally, but know that I greatly appreciate you taking time to comment! Chapter 19. Like always before a storm, the world around her became deathly quiet. There were no more coyotes to listen to, no more horses that whinnied down in the stables, and no more lazy guitar to let her know she was inside four walls, and not out there in the vast open spaces of the unforgiving desert. Surrounded by people, she had never felt more alone as in that moment, staring at the ever nearing dark rim of clouds. The wind played with the beads around her neck, their polished skins reflecting the light of the bolts of lightning in the distance. White Feather had hid herself away again, and Eleanor wondered in silence why the Indian woman had decided to present her with a string of her sacred jewellery. The gangleader's coat around her shoulders felt heavy and warm, as if it not only carried layer after layer of dust, dirt and filth, but also the moral weight of every wrongdoing the man had ever committed. Yet the thick scent of sweat, horses and blood made her feel safe. She had grown accustomed to this smell, and her mind had started to associate it with safety. She swallowed thickly when her fingers found a hole in the thick wool, unmistakably created by a bullet. The material of the coat told the same story of Butch's violent life, as the skin on his chest had told her before. How many shot wounds could a man survive in his lifetime? How many times could a grown man get beaten, stabbed or thrown around, before his body gave out? Her father had scars when he returned from the war. One in his left shoulder, and one in his leg. The latter had caused him to walk with a limp for the rest of his days. Butch didn't limp, but he swayed in his steps, like his brain had long forgotten how to walk in a straight line. She yawned, feeling an exhaustion in the pit of her stomach she had never experienced before. But the idea of falling asleep while surrounded by outlaws didn't sound very appealing, and so she tried to stay awake for aslong as she could. The crate she sat one, allowed her to place her arms on the edge of the wall, and rest her head on them as she tried to motivate her brain to stay alert by trying to calculate where the storm was at this very moment. What had she seen on her trip to Mexico, that could match up with the location of the clouds. What was getting soaked through at this moment, that had been dry as bone when she passed earlier that day? Maybe the tree with the skeleton. Poor guy, whoever he had been. The quiet of the night made her even more sleepy, and she felt herself slowly relax. Her back throbbed with a dull ache from riding all day, her hands red and raw from holding on to the jaded leather reins of her mare, and her legs felt stiff from clinging on to the jostling animal. She wasn't used to it, and she figured it would pass soon. Butch showed little mercy when it came to the exhaustion of his men, or hers for that matter, it was only a matter of time before her body got used to the lack of sleep, nourishment and protection from the elements. A lone drop hit the tip of her nose, and she blinked in surprise. The rain had started, and would soon turn into the storm she had been waiting for all evening. She pulled the heavy wool coat over her head, using it as a little tent, and wrapped the rest around herself tightly. She listened to the drops falling onto the sturdy material, more frequent each time. It wouldn't keep her dry for very long, but she didn't feel like moving just yet, or shield herself from the rain underneath the rickety roofs that hung over parts of the balconies. The wind that played with her long hair turned colder, and screeching birds flew over the fort, ahead of the nearing storm, announcing its arrival. Down in the courtyard, a woman screamed, and desperately tried to get away from a big, bearded man, wearing no shirt. Up on the balcony where she sat, Eleanor turned to follow their interaction, hoping she would go unnoticed. The woman rounded on the big man, yelling at him in Spanish, but he didn't seem impressed. He just chuckled, his hands on his gun belt, and took slow steps in her direction, forcing her across the courtyard until her back touched the mudstone wall. Even now she was cornered, the woman didn't cease her verbal attack, and effortlessly continued to yell at the dangerous looking man. He replied in her language, even though he wasn't from her country. His words sounded slurred, and the way he walked betrayed his intoxicated mind. He moved with impressive speed when he finally decided to turn their fight physical, and grabbed the struggling woman by her throat, tearing her shirt away roughly. She screamed, and cursed, until he cupped her mouth with a big hand. When he raised his other hand to strike her, Eleanor's legs started to move before her brain had even given the command. She threw the coat off her and, tripping over her own skirt, stumbled down the wooden staircase into the courtyard. \"Stop! Stop it! Leave her alone!\" Her voice barely reached over the sound of the pouring rain, increasing in strength with every second. When she arrived at the scene, the woman lay in a crumbled heap of bright colored shawls and long dark hair against the mudstone wall. The man had drawn his pistol at the sound of her voice, and turned to her while cocking his weapon. She stopped in her tracks, and watched his dark expression turn into a mocking grin. A flash of lightning illuminated the man's face, revealing a badly healed scar that ran from his forehead, over his cheek, down to his chin. She wished her eyes didn't widen at the gruesome sight, that she hadn't stopped breathing for that split second, cause her shocked face seemed to amuse him greatly. She jumped slightly when a clap of thunder rolled through the dry desert sky. The storm had arrived, and she let her presence known in all her violent fury. She never broke eye contact with the man as she listened to the rain arriving at the walls of the fort, its sound breaching the atmosphere, until it poured down into the courtyard. \"Yer that prairie dove Cavendish dragged along, aint ye?!\" he hollered over the sound of the heavy rainfall, his voice barely audible. She shivered, not from fear, but from the cold water soaking through her dress and chemise, touching her bare skin. Her wet hair in long dark strands like curtains framing her face. \"He aint never was one for the damsels in distress, not as long as I've known him!\" The man continued, taking another step closer. \"So he just got us all wonderin' whut ye got no other woman ever gave to him!\" Too close for comfort now, she took a trembling step back, wrapping her arms around herself protectively. She could feel the cold water run down her hair and into her dress, giving her skin goose bumps. Her warm breath became visible in the cooled down night air, humid from the rain. \"If ye ask me..\" The man said, his yellow shot eyes reflecting the lights of one of the lanterns. \"Ye aint nuthin' special. Just another rancher's daughter lookin' for trouble in the right place.\" He continued backing her up across the courtyard. \"I have a gun..\" she threatened weakly, her voice a trembling mess. \"By God, I'll use it if you intend on killing that woman.\" Feeling tears well up in her eyes, she wiped them away roughly with her soaked sleeve. \"I've seen enough blood shed in the past few days.\" He laughed. \"well, then ye shouldn't have come between me and that whore, missy. Cause if there's one thing ah hate, is people minding my business instead of their own. I guess ol' Butch should have taught ye that before handin' ye a gun.\" The man said. \"Is beating up women your business, sir?!\" she shot back, lashing out like a cornered tom cat. If she was to die at the hands of this brute, she would die fighting him. \"It is if they refuse me.\" The man growled. \"I don't take rejection from a damn whore. They serve any payin' customer. Ah thought, ye travellin' with ol' Butch, ye would have known all about them whores' life. Aint many ranch girls remainin' ladies once they're in a gang.\" He chuckled. Without thinking, and offended at his crude remark, she struck him across his face. Then, realizing what she had just done, she drew in a sharp breath. The man seemed frozen for a second, while the scratch marks on his left cheek created by her finger nails, slowly started to bleed. He bared his teeth, and moved to grab her. Suddenly Frank was at her side, blocking the man's way with his own body. A gun clicked, and the man froze again. \"I don't think so, Jed.\" Eleanor recognized Barret's gruff voice, and couldn't help but smile at the arrival of her two unlikely heroes. The man, now held at gunpoint, slowly raised his hands in surrender. Barret stepped away from behind him, his gun still pointed at his head. \"Ye git that rusty barker out of mah face, ye French dog.\" Jed mumbled dangerously. Barret didn't move an inch. \"You causing trouble with them women again, Jed? Aint never a quiet night with you around, is there?\" The army surgeon chuckled. Now safe, Eleanor felt her legs tremble, and Frank's slender arms wrapped themselves around her thin frame. \"Ye alright?\" The young outlaw asked. \"Did he hurt ye?\" She shook her head and, remembering the woman knocked unconscious, gently shrugged Frank off. Unsteady, as if she was drunk, she moved over to the prostitute still laying in a crumbled mess. She hadn't moved, blood had covered her entire face, and her eyes stared into nothingness. \"He killed her..\" Eleanor stated softly, feeling tears well up. \"Goddammit, Jed..\" Barret grumbled. \"That's the whore that just had a damn baby, you low life son of a bitch.\" Jed spat on the ground, his hands on top of his head as he was still being held at gunpoint. \"She refused me.. That's what ye git for refusing me.\" \"She refused you because she had a damn fucking baby!\" Barret yelled, pressing the barrel of his gun deeper into Jed's skull, who whimpered in pain. \"You've done it now. You're done for. If Rosa finds out they're gonna hang you next to that lawman in the desert.\" Still gazing at the pointlessly butchered young woman, Eleanor felt Frank's presence next to her, wrapping his arm around her shoulders. \"Ye gotta get outta this rain, miss Hartley. Aint no helpin' her now. They'll go and bury her in the mornin'.\" The sound of a crying baby slowly reached her numbed mind, and she looked around frantically. \"He didn't kill the baby..\" she said to no one in particular, and left Frank's side in her search to find the child. The heart tearing wailing came from one of the candle lit rooms surrounding the courtyard, and she found the baby unscathed in its crib, in a completely upturned room. She rushed to take the child in her arms, hushing it gently. \"It's okay..\" she soothed. \"You're okay.\" Suddenly there were voices in the courtyard, calling out to God knows what into the dark. Lanterns were being lit, and she could hear men run across the rickety wooden boards that made the balconies. The fort had awakened at the drama taking place in its courtyard. But all she could think about at that moment, was to get this child to stop crying, even though its mother had just been killed. A haggard looking Rosa suddenly appeared next to her, her hazel eyes wild, her hair a mess, and her shirt unbuttoned. \"Give me the child!\" she commanded, taking the baby from Eleanor carefully, but without hesitation. \"I'll have him killed for this. Dios mio, I swear I'll hang him for this.\" She rocked the baby in a slightly agitated manner, her eyes watery as she tried to swallow back her tears. Eleanor watched her walk back and forth in the upturned room, completely destroyed by the struggle that had taken place between Jed and the unfortunate child's mother. \"I'll tie him behind a horse and have it drag him into the desert!\" Rosa continued. \"I'll have Cavendish rip his heart out..\" \"I aint for hire..\" Butch's gruff voice said. The gang leader leaned against the doorpost of the room, looking around with an unreadable expression on his face. His stained shirt hung open, and his suspenders were down, the trousers of his pants tucked into his boots. He had dressed in a hurry, much like Rosa. His gaze rested on Eleanor, and his eyes wandered up and down, scanning her body for injuries. \"Ye alright?\" she nodded. Rosa huffed impatiently. \"How is that every time you show up at my place, one of my girls ends up dead?!\" Butch shifted where he stood, looking almost offended. \"How the hell is this mah fault?! God damn it, Rosa. Ah was layin' on top of ye when this happened! Ah don't think ye got a valid reason te blame me for this mess!\" \"You're bad luck! Always have been! Always will be!\" Rosa hissed at him, and moved around him to leave the room, still holding the crying baby to her bossom. \"Not gonna argue with ye on that one..\" Butch mumbled, gazing down at the tips of his snake leather boots. \"But it still aint mah fault!\" He called after her, over his shoulder. Embarrassed, Eleanor tried to look anywhere but at the gang leader, but eventually, they locked eyes again. \"Guess ah'll git out of this room before the roof comes down..\" He growled menacingly. \"Since ahm such a piece of bad luck..\" Before she could say something, he had turned to leave, and disappeared behind the curtain of rain still flooding the courtyard. Rosa's guards had tied Jed's arms behind his back, and as he struggled against the ropes, he spat insults at every man he could identify in the pouring rain. Eleanor lingered in the destroyed room, pointlessly turning over the thin iron framed bed, setting it back on its four rickety legs, and throwing the pillows back onto the stained matrass. It wasn't until she heard Jed bark at Butch that she went out to see what was happening. \"That's a mighty fine gal ye got there skipping along with ye, Butch!\" Jed hollered at the tired and uninterested looking gang leader, who had taken to circling around the tied up man, ignoring his spectators. \"Ah bet she aint fresh though.\" Jed continued. \"Bet yer whole gang ploughed through her like a damn freight train.\" His words didn't seem to faze Butch, for the outlaw simply crossed his arms over his chest while watching the guards tie Jed to a post in the middle of the courtyard. \"Or maybe..\" Jed spat, a grin on his face. \"She don't belong te ye. Maybe she belongs te that damn brother of yers. Wasn't he always one to keep all them gals te himself? Then again.. with a face like yours.. who could have blamed any of those women for picking him over ye.\" He laughed. Butch's expression had darkened, and Ray had come to his side in an attempt to calm him down. Jed mocked his surprised expression. \"Oh ah git it.\" he said. \"Ye want te keep this one te yerself, don't ye? He don't know about this one, does he? She aint properly introduced into the family yet, is she?\" He chuckled menacingly. \"As soon as he jingles his silver in front of er pretty little face, she gonna tell ye te go chase yerself.. Like all them others did.\" Jed would have said more, had Butch's knife not been pressed against his throat. The gang leader had moved in a flash, growling like a wounded coyote, and was now an inch away from cutting the other man's jugular veins. Jed whimpered as the sharp knife dug into the soft skin of his throat, and held as still as he could. \"Ye got a pretty big mouth for a tied up man, Jed.\" Butch hissed, baring his teeth. \"Go ahead and kill me.\" Jed spat back. \"Ye cut mah throat ye aint never setting foot in here again. Ye know the rules.\" Butch growled again, sounding more like an animal than a man, and sunk the edge of his knife deeper into the man's skin. \"Ah think ye did away with the rules when ye killed that whore. Ah think Rosa don't mind me cutting ye up like the pig ye are. Ah think ah'll take mah chances.\" \"Go te hell..\" Jed grumbled. \"Ah'll get there, Jed.\" Butch confirmed. \"But I aint goin' there blind and deaf like you will.\" He moved the knife to the man's right ear, causing him to whimper in fright. Eleanor looked away quickly when the soul tearing scream of the man echoed through the courtyard, causing the horses to neigh and rear in panic. Another clap of thunder rolled through the sky, and the spectators surrounding the bleeding man and his attacker, retreated under the balconies. Only Frank remained at close proximity to his leader, his arms wrapped around himself. \"Butch, the storm's getting worse! Ye gotta git inside!\" He pleaded. Taking a step back to admire his work, Butch grinned at the crying and bleeding man in front of him. \"Nah, Frankie!\" He called back to his henchman. \"She's just getting' started!\" Another flash of lightning revealed Jed's bloodied face, and the intense fear in his eyes as Butch held up the dripping knife to him. \"We haven't seen nuthin' yet..\" The leader hissed at him. At the second scream that tore through her head like Butch's knife had cut through her brain, Eleanor felt herself getting lightheaded. She was still standing when another flash of lightning ripped through the sky, but had blacked out by the time the thunder followed.[Chapter 20] Chapter 20: She woke with a start. The images that had made her faint, haunted her in her dreams. She was no longer laying on the dust covered floor of the upturned room. They had placed her on a bed. One of better quality than the ones she had seen around the fort so far. She listened, nothing seemed to move, everything was still. All she heard was the sound of rain, steadily coming down from the heavens. Moving her head toward the open window, the glass missing, and the frame rotting, she watched the faded and torn red curtain dance in the cool wind. The violent storm had moved, and had left a gloomy, grey day. Holding a trembling hand to her forehead, she slowly pushed herself into a sitting position. Carefully resting her back against the iron framed headboard. It was only then that she noticed the little boy she had seen before, sitting on the foot end of her bed. His sky blue eyes gazing at her intently, his knees tucked under his chin. She blinked in surprise. \"Hello again..\" she said softly. The boy didn't answer. \"Where's your mother?\" \"She was the one who told me to sit here and keep an eye on you. So that's what I'm doing.\" The boy replied. \"I see.\" Eleanor replied, still trying to regain her bearings after having been unconscious for a while. She cleared her throat, looking around the room. An old rusty wood stove stood in the corner, giving out a pleasant and welcome heat. A kettle, filled with water, produced thin clouds of steam. There was a faded Aztec patterned carpet on the floor, one that had seen better days. The wooden closet that stood tall against the mudstone wall, seemed out of place, and put there by someone who didn't care about decoration that matched its surroundings. Crudely crafted wooden shelves were nailed against the mudstone, littered with books, gemstones, coins she didn't recognize, and several tin and copper items. It was an odd looking collection of curiosities she hadn't seen before, and seemed to hold no particular theme. The room had no door, just a long, colourful curtain hanging in the doorway. \"Who's room is this?\" \"My mother's.\" The boy answered. \"But she said she won't sleep until the evil spirit leaves anyway.\" She frowned. \"Evil spirit?\" The boy nodded, and shrugged. \"That's what White Feather calls him anyway. She also says I have his eyes.\" Smiling weakly, the mysterious Evil Spirit identified, Eleanor nodded. \"You do..\" At that moment, the curtain that made the door, was pushed aside, and Rosa entered. The orphaned baby, now wrapped in much cleaner and better looking blankets, held tightly against her chest. \"You're up.\" She stated. \"Bueno. How are you feeling?\" Her question felt like an impatient form of politeness, like she was in too much of a hurry to inquire about her wellbeing. Swallowing thickly, Eleanor ignored the half meant question. \"Did he kill him?\" she asked, dreading the answer. She feared she would never forget the gruesome sight of Butch cutting off the man's ears, and God knows what else while she was out. She realized, now more than ever, that her dream about Evans, had not been caused by her hallucinating brain. Rosa regarded her impassively for a moment, before turning toward her son. \"Emilio, go see if White Feather needs your help with something.\" The boy, stubborn as a young mule, huffed in annoyance. \"She never needs help with anything!\" he protested. Rosa clicked her tongue and reached out to grab the child by his arm, pulling him off the bed roughly. \"You do as I tell you! Andale! Now!\" She pushed him toward the door, moving her arm in wild movements, awakening the infant in her arms. She waited till the boy's footsteps could be heard shuffling down the staircase, before speaking. \"He did not kill him.\" she said matter of factly, impatiently hushing the fussy baby. \"I stopped him in time.\" \"Why?\" Eleanor asked. \"Not that I.. agree with murder but, you had every reason to have him killed. And you said you wanted him dead.\" \"People say a lot of things when they're hurt.\" Rosa stated calmly, gently smiling at the calming child. \"I decided a long time ago, that within these four walls, there would be no killing.\" \"Not even by Mr. Cavendish..\" Eleanor asked softly, the question rhetorical. \"He knows better than to cross me.\" Rosa answered, sitting down on the side of the bed now the baby had gone back to sleep. She gazed at the young woman, studying her quietly. \"He carried you up here.\" She continued, her voice void of any emotion. \"And stayed at your side until it was clear you would be fine.\" A little embarrassed, Eleanor looked away. \"Yes, well. He's seen demonstrated before I can't last an hour by himself out here. He probably thought I'd manage to anger another mob of people just laying here by myself.\" Rosa laughed. Her smile warming up her gaunt face, making her look much younger. \"I'm sure that's why he did it.\" A silence fell between them, until the boy's voice could be heard down in the courtyard, calling the dogs for their breakfast. The Native woman named White Feather had obviously found a chore for him to do. Eleanor opened her mouth to ask something, but Rosa beat her to it. \"Emilio is his son..\" She said. \"That was what you were going to ask, wasn't it?\" Eleanor bit her lip. \"Does he know?\" \"Neither of them knows. I want it to stay that way. I don't want Emilio to grow up with the idea he's the son of murderer and a whore. And I don't want Cavendish to never show his face in here again. I know I would never see him again, if I told him about it.\" Rosa explained, shrugging it away. Saddened by the woman's explanation, Eleanor forced herself to be optimistic. Like her mother had taught her to do so, when dealing with another person's problems or insecurities. \"He might surprise you.\" She suggested. Rosa only smiled, almost genuinely. \"He always does.\" Eleanor returned the woman's smile shyly, unsure of what to say. She didn't know Butch as well as Rosa did, and she wasn't sure Butch wanted her to know him any better than she did now. She wasn't even sure if she wanted to know him better. The things she had seen him do last night, were nothing short of the kind of horror stories her grandfather used to tease her with before he lost the ability to speak. About desert ghosts, roaming around the empty plains, waiting for inexperienced trappers and cowboys, to lead them onto a false trail. They looked like fog, and could make you lose your way. \"You've known him for a long time, haven't you?\" Eleanor asked. Rosa nodded, looking around the room. \"I was much younger than you are now when I first met him. He was still travelling with his older brother back then.\" She explained, her expression vacant, musing on memories Eleanor knew nothing about. \"I still remember the day they came here with their saddle bags full of silver.\" She continued, getting up from the bed to pick up a glistening rock from one of the shelves. \"I was too young to realize it's worthless here.\" She handed Eleanor the heavy stone. \"But it makes for an interesting looking thing to have in your room, doesn't it?\" she laughed bitterly. Eleanor toyed with the rock in her hands for a moment. \"He mentioned his brother to me only once. But when I asked about it, he told me to drop the subject.\" She shrugged lightly. \"Evans mentioned silver the day he attacked me.\" \"Yes, Cavendish told me all about you and dear old Evans. That pendejo got what was coming to him. You're not the first woman he attacked.\" Rosa spoke, letting her fingers roam over the titles written on the backs of the various books on the shelves. \"Ah, here it is.\" Careful not to disturb the row of old books, she picked one up. \"I take it you can read?\" Eleanor looked up in surprise. \"Yes, I can.\" \"Bueno.\" Rosa smiled, handing her a dusty copy of Charles Dickens' David Copperfield. \"You know it?\" Eleanor shook her head, her beaming smile visible as she opened the cover. \"No, I know the title from the catalogue at the General Store in Colby. But mother thought it to be too expensive to order.\" She browsed through the pages. \"Where did you get this?\" Rosa smiled mischievously. \"How many outlaws do you think can pay me in coins? This isn't Red's, you know. Men pay me with whatever they have of some value.\" She gestured toward the shelves. \"Hence the collection.\" She chuckled, gazing at the girl kindly. \"I want you to have that book. It will keep you company, and take your mind away from the harsh reality whenever you want to escape.\" Still unable to hide her smile, Eleanor held the book tightly against her chest. \"Thank you. I really appreciate it.\" The woman nodded, shifting the baby in her arms. \"Get some rest. If we have to believe Cavendish, you'll be on your way tomorrow morning. But I've known him long enough to know that can change any time.\" She turned to leave. \"If you see him.\" Eleanor started. \"Could you ask him to come to me for a moment?\" Standing in the doorway, Rosa smiled. \"I'll tell him as soon as he wakes up. He's resting now. When we released Jed they started fighting like dogs, like coyotes.\" She chuckled. \"He's getting old. Not as fast as he used to be.\" She winked at the girl playfully. Feeling her stomach turn, Eleanor's eyes had gotten wide as saucers. \"But he.. he's alright?\" she asked carefully. Amused, Rosa chuckled at the young woman's worried expression. \"I wouldn't be surprised if he got his nose broken again.\" She sat, tapping the side of her nose. \"It wouldn't be the first time. Don't worry, Chiquita. It's nothing he can't handle. Get some rest.\" Still chuckling, Rosa left, leaving the girl behind in the colourful room. She was left to herself and her reading for most of the day. The fort awakened slowly, every man plagued by their own hangover. But soon the place started smelling like breakfast, and the feast at the long wooden tables started over again, the events of the night before seemed completely forgotten. The music returned, and so did the playing of children and barking of dogs. Some men left, she listened to them saddling their horses, stampeding out of the courtyard in large groups. Other men arrived, and the women on the balconies called out to them excitingly. But the room she had been given, was secluded, and safe from everything that went down in the rest of the fort. White Feather had come in later to bring her a tray of food, and had lingered in her room, folding laundry, talking in her native language. Eleanor was unable to follow her stories, but appreciated the woman's efforts to make herself understandable anyway. The gentle buzz of the courtyard had caused her to doze off eventually, her book on her chest. Slumbering only lightly, she woke with a start at the sound of heavy footsteps, accompanied by clicking spurs that jangled eerily with every step. Someone dragged themselves up the staircase to Rosa's private quarters in a slow, strenuous manner. As she sat up to receive this unknown visitor, a tired looking Butch pulled the curtain aside to step into her room. His right eye a dark, angry purple that reached till the bridge of his bruised nose. \"Oh my Lord, your face..\" Eleanor mumbled a little too loudly, causing him to stop dead in his tracks with an offended expression. \"Hey now.\" He grumbled, his arms open. \"Ah thought ye'd be used to mah ugly mug by now.\" Chuckling at her obvious embarrassment, he approached the bed in slow, swaying steps, and sat down on the side stiffly. \"How we doin' in here, Sharky?\" He asked with a gruff voice. \"Quite a night, huh?\" \"You broke your nose.\" She stated worriedly, gazing wide eyed at the serious mix of colours between his vibrant blue eyes. He didn't seem upset by her statement, and returned her wild stare with a tired expression, blinking slowly. \"Yea, probably.\" He confirmed. \"It's fine. I just can't blow mah nose for a while, that's all.\" He sniffed lightly, and winced against the sharp pain. \"Can't do that neither.\" He chuckled. She reached out but hesitated, withdrawing her hand again, unsure of how he would react to her touch. He followed her every movement, but made no comment. \"Did you take anything for the pain yet?\" she asked quietly. \"Or have Barret look at it.\" \"He looked at it and said it was broken.\" Butch explained. \"If you think my face looks bad, ye should have seen Jed's\" He chuckled gruffly. She could only imagine what the man looked like now, and made a face at the images her brain cooked up for her. \"Rosa told me you two fought.\" She spoke quietly. \"But you didn't kill him.\" \"Close enough..\" He mumbled, looking down at the blood stained cuffs of his sleeves. \"Ah probably would have if he hadn't punched me square in the mug. Made me see stars.\" He chuckled, slightly embarrassed. \"Ah've never been much good in a fistfight.\" She gazed at him quietly, noticing how tired he looked, even after resting for a good few hours. \"She also said you wanted to leave tomorrow morning. Are you sure you're well enough for that?\" He narrowed his eyes at her, smiling lightly. \"Whut's all this sudden worry about now, Sharky?\" He asked suspiciously. \"ye been talkin' te Rosa for too long. She's been treatin' me like ahm Father Time himself.\" He pushed himself up from the bed, slightly agitated. \"Ahm fine. Ye need te worry about sumthin' ye worry about yerself. Yer the one getting' in trouble all the damn time.\" She huffed, offended. \"Getting in trouble is not very hard for a woman in a place like this.\" she started. \"If you hadn't left me to my own defence, because you needed to lay with a woman so badly, I wouldn't have gotten in trouble.\" Setting his hands in his side, he shifted his weight, gazing at her in mild surprise. \"Is that what this is about now?\" He grumbled. \"Ye got yer feathers ruffled because of a damn whore?\" His tone had gotten slightly darker, but not enough to let her know she was going too far. He took a step toward the bed. \"Well, next tahm ah feel like..layin' with a woman.. I'll just come te you instead, how's that? That way ah don't need te leave yer side for one damn minute.\" \"That is not the point at all!\" She protested, feeling herself grow red. \"I.. I'm simply talking about.. stating priorities! You blame me for getting into trouble, but you could have easily avoided that by using your influence around here to just.. lock me away in a room!\" \"Ah took ye for smart enough not te go and mess around with men like Jed out there!\" He barked, getting angry. \"Ah thought ye learned yer damn lesson after Evans! Why the hell did ye stray away from Frank anyway?! Ye two are two peas in a pot, why would ye go around and play the explorer in a place like this?!\" \"Don't you blame him for what happened to me!\" She shot back in Frank's defence. \"Atleast he didn't pay for a woman's goods!\" He was silent for a moment, and she knew she had crossed the line. His breathing had gotten heavy and almost laboured. He looked away from her, nodding to himself, his rage building slowly. \"Ye gettin' mouthy with me, yer gonna regret it.\" He warned. She looked away from his piercing glare, and pursed her lips in anger. She didn't know where these feelings of humiliation and offense came from. \"I already regret many things, Mr. Cavendish.\" She said. \"Is that so now?\" he took another threatening step to the bed. \"Well maybe I should just heed everyone's advice and leave ye here then. Make ye someone else's problem. Cause ahm gettin' mighty tired of it anyhow!\" In a flash of anger he kicked over a small table serving as nightstand, sending it flying across the room. She shrank away from the flying pieces of broken furniture, hiding her face. \"Tired of runnin' from those damn rangers, tired of thinkin' about that damn ranch!\" He paced through the room furiously. \"And tired of you!\" He hissed menacingly, turning to leave. \"Wait!\" she called after him, feeling panic rising in the pit of her stomach. She tried to get out of bed, but her legs refused to support her weight. She grabbed the metal bedframe to keep herself from falling, clinging to it miserably as he marched down the wooden staircase. \"You're not going to leave me here, are you?!\" He didn't answer. Unable to walk, she sank back down onto the old matrass, trying to calm herself. She shivered, wearing nothing but her chemise. He had every right to do as he pleased, and it wasn't her place to criticize his choices, but somehow the fact he had left her there on the balcony alone to visit Rosa had offended her greatly. Down in the courtyard, she could hear Butch bark orders at his gang, but none of the members replied in clear ways. The moment she heard a horse neigh, she got up from the bed and stumbled to the window, just in time to watch the gang leader chase his mare out of the courtyard and into the vast open desert. None of his men followed, and she could see Barret and Ray watch their leader leave the fort on breakneck speed. Completely forgetting she was wearing nothing but her chemise, she stumbled out of the room and down the wooden staircase into the courtyard, almost tripping over her own uncooperative feet, she marched up to Barret with a shocked expression, ignoring the hollering and catcalling of the outlaws surrounding them. \"Where is he going?!\" she asked, panic in her voice. The army surgeon seemed mildly surprised at her sudden appearance and was just in time to grab her before she fell to the dusty ground. \"You shouldn't be out of bed.\" Barret mumbled with a half meant tone. \"What the hell happened between you two?\" That was a good question. It had all happened so very fast, it now seemed a blur to her memory. Concentrating on her breathing for a moment, in an attempt to calm herself, she got slightly more aware of her surroundings. The cool breeze playing with the hem of her torn underdress, and the thick smell of roasted meats and spices. A little more steady on her feet, she gently let go of Barret's arm, but he didn't release his iron grip around her waist. \"I.. I made a mistake.. I said something I shouldn't have said. I don't even know why I said it but.. I made him angry..\" As Barret listened to her story, Frank joined in, followed by Skinny and Jesus. \"Whut's goin' on? Where's Butch goin?\" He asked. Barret didn't answer right away as he allowed the young woman to cry into his shoulder, a slightly uncomfortable expression on his face. \"Stop asking questions, and get Rosa, you Goofball.\" He grumbled at the young outlaw, who nodded and went to look for the woman immediately. \"Is alright now, miss Hartley.\" Skinny tried, patting Eleanor on her back carefully. \"Ah'll go and make ye some coffee, that'll make ye feel better.\" Barret rolled his eyes at the bearded young man, but was glad to see he had given himself a task that involved leaving. \"What did you say to him?\" The army surgeon's question reached her numbed mind slowly, and she frowned in contemplation. While he waited for her answer, Rosa walked up to them in a calm and collected manner, much different from when the baby's mother had been killed. \"I told him..\" Eleanor started, but hesitated when she noticed Rosa. \"I don't mean to offend anyone..\" She pleaded. \"I'm so sorry.\" Rosa ignored her, and placed a hand to the girl's forehead. \"She's burning up.\" She stated. \"We need to get her upstairs.\" \"I'm gonna feel this in the morning.\" Barret protested, picking up the barely conscious girl. \"Alright now, little lady. There just aint no rest for the wicked, is there?\" \"Miss Rosa..\" Eleanor started weakly, reaching out to the woman, who took her hand gently while following Barret up the staircase. \"He left because of me.\" \"Don't worry about it, chica.\" Rosa smiled. \"He'll be back. Let him ride off the liquor in the desert if he wants to. Much better than causing trouble at my tables.\" She joked for the girl's sake. Gently placing her back on the bed, Barret sat down on the side to feel her pulse. \"If you're sick, you've been sick for a while and you've been hiding it very well from the rest of us.\" He told her. \"If you're not sick, you're just exhausted and people can say a lot of crazy things when they're overtired. Trust me, I've been in the trenches. I've seen men ramble about the maddest shit after four days of no sleep.\" Eleanor was quiet, his words barely making sense to her. Turning her head to the window, a flash of lightning could be seen in the distance. Another thunderstorm promised its presence for the coming night, the rain season had begun. \"I'm scared of thunder..\" she confessed weakly. \"I just wanted him to stay with me.\" Barret said nothing, and looked at Rosa for help, but she looked just as impassive. \"Get some rest, Eleanor.\" He mumbled, pushing himself off the bed. \"I'll get her some laudanum to help her sleep.\" Rosa waited till he had left before taking his place on the side of the bed, gently resting her hand to the girl's cheek, caressing her skin with her thumb. \"Chiquita..\" she whispered affectionately, watching the girl slowly tear up miserably. \"Whatever you said to him, I'm sure he was just as surprised as you are.\" She chuckled, reaching out to brush away the girl's tears. \"Do you want to know what I said to him?\" Eleanor mumbled, staring at the ceiling. \"No.\" Rosa spoke calmly. \"You and him can keep your secrets.\" \"I offended you too.. in what I said to him. I told him I wouldn't have gotten hurt if he hadn't decided to pay for a woman.\" The girl continued. Rosa just chuckled. \"Well.. if it changes anything, miss Eleanora.. I don't think his mind was with me that night.\" R&R; Please![Chapter 21] To Outlaw Bear: Your guest review just made my day! Thank you so much for being so kind. I hope this next chapter will bring you the same joy. I know I can't reply to you personally, but I needed to reach out to you any way I possibly could, to thank you properly! To the guest reviewer with the good question about Eleanor's age: She's 24 Thanks! To all of my other reviewers, favs and follows: Thank you thank you thank you! You guys inspire me to keep writing! Enjoy the next chapter! Chapter 21: She wasn't awake to hear the storm hit the fort in all her autumn fury. She was wrapped in the dream that kept haunting her since the day she met the gang leader who now chased his demons across the Mexican desert like a wild animal. They were images of coyotes with blue eyes. Rabbits devouring eachother mercilessly, the steam and sound of train engines, and a native village slowly burning to the ground while the eerie sound of crying children echoed through the smoke filled sky. Frank never strayed from her side that night. Sitting in a corner of the room in a rickety old chair, he kept a respectful distance from the girl in the bed, but his eyes never left her sleeping form, restless as it was. She tossed and turned like the matrass was made out of nails, and the sheets were hot as coals. Her dreams plagued her, like he knew they could do, but he didn't have the courage to rise her. And Barret had told him to let her sleep no matter what she did or said. It was smart to heed Barret's advice in these sort of situations. He knew what he was talking about after all. Thinking about his leader, chasing his poor mare through this loud weather, he frowned in anger and disappointment. It should have been him sitting in this chair, looking out for her, like he knew she wanted. But as usual, Butch had left the complicated tasks to his gang. Matters of the heart were never easy, Frank remembered his mother saying. They can make you as tired as if you had been ploughing a field all day. Matters of the heart feel like draining a sink. Only the sink is your heart, and the water your stamina. He jumped at another loud crack of thunder, never having been a hero himself when it came to thunderstorms. But he needed to be tough for Eleanor tonight, and so he shut off his own fear, and braved himself through this weather, awake and alert, watching over her like a true friend would do. Turning his head toward the open window, he shivered at the cold breeze rushing over him, the rain was so loud, it drowned out every other sound. The balconies, flooded with water, abandoned. And the whole fort pitch dark, no lanterns that survived the amount of water that came down from the sky. But he didn't worry about Butch being able to find his way back, in case he wanted to, his leader had proved time and time again he had perfect night vision. Almost inhuman. If you thought about it. He had begun falling asleep, dozing off against his own will, when he was shaken from his slumber by the sound of a neighing horse that came to a breezing halt, and later, heavy footsteps on the creaking wooden staircase that lead into the courtyard. Reaching for his gun, Frank straightened his back, ready to wear off any unwanted trespasser in the bedroom of the young woman he was appointed to guard. A soaked through Butch stepped into the room, his long coat leaving a trail of drops on the dusty wooden floor. Noticing the young man in the corner with a gun pointed at him, he halted. \"The hell are you doin' here?\" Frank, recognizing his leader, quickly put his gun away, almost dropping it to the floor in his clumsy hurry. \"Ahm sorry, Butch. Ah didn't know it was you.\" He stammered apologetically. \"Ah was just.. guarding miss Hartley here. Don't want no one comin' in here to do.. bad things.. te her.. again.\" Butch didn't reply, and took off his dripping hat, wringing it out before carelessly tossing it on the floor. \"yea well, get out.\" He mumbled, slowly taking off his drenched coat, his body stiff in every movement. \"Ah'll take it from here.\" Looking uncertain, Frank didn't budge, and slowly leaned back into his chair defiantly. \"Whut ye gonna say te her when she wakes up then?\" he asked, a frown on his young face. \"Cause ah don't want te see her cry again.\" Giving out an angry snarl, Butch reached over to grab Frank by the front of his shirt, and pulled him out of his chair. \"Shut up.\" He hissed, pushing Frank in the direction of the doorway. \"Git out before ah blow a hole in yer head.\" Although giving out small yelps in fear as he stumbled through the room, Frank turned in the doorway, rubbing his now throbbing arm. \"Rosa said she gon' knock yer other tooth out if ye make miss Hartley cry again.\" He shot back angrily. Butch pulled out his gun, pointing it at his young henchman, who now seemed close to tears, but not because he was talking into the barrel of a revolver. \"She got all sick when ye left.\" Frank continued. \"Barret said yer making her sick, and ah think ah believe him.\" \"Git out, Frank.\" Butch warned. \"Ah aint tellin' ye again. Get Ray for me.\" \"He's sleepin'\" Frank protested weakly. \"Then wake him!\" With one last glance at the sleeping young woman, Frank unwillingly turned to leave, trudging down the staircase with heavy feet. Butch waited till he was gone before putting his gun back into its holster, as if he expected the boy to return any time. Silently, he removed his gun belt and placed it on a small side table. Sinking down in Frank's chair slowly, he let out a deep sigh, resting his head back as he waited for Ray's arrival. Frank was going to need a bucket of cold water to rise that old crook from his liquor induced sleep. Feeling his wet shirt cling uncomfortably to his skin, Butch shifted in the hard chair, his back protesting lightly against the movement. He had dozed off lightly while listening to Eleanor's calm breathing, when Ray's heavy footsteps stirred him from his sleep. The man entered the bedroom moments later. \"When did ye get here?\" Ray asked gruffly, too loud for Butch's liking, and the latter hushed him angrily, nodding at the sleeping girl. Ray seemed uninterested in following his leader's gaze, as if he tried to ignore the woman's presence completely. \"Keep yer voice down.\" Butch warned him as he pulled himself out of the chair. \"We'll talk in the other room.\" Leading the way, Ray followed him into the adjoining room. Just as colourful, and obviously belonging to Rosa as well. Functioning as sitting room and office. Her books and curiosities scattered around on various cabinets and shelves. But she herself had other places to be tonight. \"Ye got something to say, say it.\" Ray grumbled, watching Butch pace through the room restlessly, until he came to a contemplating halt by the window. \"It's late, Butch. We aint all crazy enough to go out ridin' in the dead of night.\" \"There's five men following us.\" Butch stated calmly. \"Ah saw them. On the trail here.\" Ray blinked, staring at his leader impassively. \"Rangers can't find this place. Ye've seen ghosts.\" But Butch shook his head. \"No Rangers.\" He confirmed. \"It's them bowler hats ah seen at the girl's ranch. Railroad men. With Evans as their guide.\" \"Evans?\" Ray chuckled bitterly. \"How the hell is he still ridin'? Didn't ye say ye made it unable for him to ride anywhere with anyone?\" Butch said nothing, and turned to face Ray, leaning his back against the mudstone wall. \"Well, ah did mah best. But ah guess that old fool is tougher than he looks.\" He chuckled, folding his arms over his chest. \"It don't matter one way or the other. It'll be another half a day before they get here. We'll be long gone when they arrive. Ah'll let Rosa know about it. She can delay them, give us some time.\" \"Ah say we leave right now.\" Ray suggested, obviously itching to make his departure. \"And get the hell out of here. Get some miles between us and those agents. If they're what hunts us, we best get goin' They don't have the same reservations as them Rangers and ye know it.\" Butch shook his head, staring down at his boots. \"Nah, we're gonna give that girl a few more hours of sleep.\" He spoke calmly. \"Ah owe her that.\" \"Ye don't owe her nuthin'.\" Ray fired back, watching his leader shift his weight, getting uncomfortable with the subject already. \"Ah say we leave her here. Like ah said before. She's better off with them whores anyway.\" Butch shrugged. \"Maybe.\" He mumbled, fumbling with his stained cuffs. \"But we aint gonna do no such thing.\" Ray let out a mocking huff. \"And why the hell not?!\" \"Because ah promised her ah wouldn't.\" Butch said, looking up at him calmly, tiredly. \"Ye go and tell the boys we're leaving at dawn. Have them bring supplies, but nothing heavy. We'll be travelling light.\" He straightened his back, stretching it painfully. \"Now get out.\" Ray didn't move, and stared at his leader angrily. \"She's gonna slow us down. If those agents are here, then God knows where them Rangers are heading. We might be walkin straight into their arms if we cross that border again.\" Butch said nothing, and took to rummaging through a cabinet until he found a bottle of tequila. \"Butch, they tried te hang me once and they failed, but ah aint too curious te find out if they'll succeed the second time.\" Plopping the cork, Butch took a deep swig from the bottle, and made a face at the unkind taste to his tongue. \"Ah don't care about yer hangin' Ray\" He stated menacingly. \"They can make ye swing next to that lawman in the desert for all ah care. Ah won't shed a tear over yer sorry ass. But ah won't be able te live with mahself if those bastards get their hands on that girl. Ah dragged her here.. and ahm gonna finish what ah started.\" He gazed at his henchman, a clear warning in his blue eyes. \"All they want is te get her home te her mama!\" Ray protested. \"It'll be yer head on a silver platter if they find her, with you at her side!\" \"They aint lookin' fer a tearful reunion between her and her mother. Ah know they don't.\" Butch shot back. \"She's better off with us fer now.\" \"Right.\" Ray sneered. \"Ah didn't know this whole thing was some personal mission for ye te convince yer little rancher's girl ye aint the big bad wolf.\" Butch chuckled bitterly, taking another deep swig. \"Ah think she's got me pretty well figured.\" \"Saving her life won't change a thing about what we are.\" Ray said. \"Ah had a wife once..\" Butch rolled his eyes, shrugging off his waistcoat and throwing it over a chair, as the alcohol was heating up his body. \"She wanted me to become a farmer. Aint no life fer me. Getting' up at the ass crack of dawn, ploughing all day. Ah spend two years tryin' to make that damn broad happy.\" \"Are ye done?\" Butch said, staring at the older man with raised eyebrows, completely uninterested. Ray stared at him for a moment. \"yea, ahm done.\" He grumbled. \"Ah'll go and inform the men.\" Butch followed him out of the room with his blue eyes, dulled by the alcohol, and waited till the older man was at the bottom of the creaking staircase before making his way back to the hard chair he had previously occupied. He shuffled through the bedroom with tired feet, and placed the chair at the foot end next to the bed. He plopped down in it ungracefully. He had been riding all night, a hard chair wouldn't make his behind any more sore than it already was. He concentrated on the dull throb in the small of his back, numbed by the alcohol, but he was going to hear from it again in the morning. Along with a hangover. Where was Skinny with that bitter ratbag shit he called coffee when you needed him? He took another swig from the bottle, already half way through. He didn't want to feel another single thing. Be it physical or emotional. It didn't take long before the girl in the bed started stirring, and slowly turned over to face him, her eyes dull but open, red shot and puffy like she had been crying. He gazed back at her impassively, remembering Frank's words about her distress. And that she hadn't felt that good. Well, neither did he. She blinked, as if she hardly believed the figure she was staring at, and pulled herself into a sitting position slowly. For a while nothing was said, and she rubbed her arm nervously, feeling naked under his stare. Sensing her uneasiness, he averted his gaze, his eyes falling on the book on the repaired nightstand beside her bed. \"What are ye readin'\" He asked. She looked at the book, confused at his question. \"Ehm.. David Copperfield. You heard of it?\" He chuckled. \"Do I look like a literate man te you?\" She bit her bottom lip in uncertainty. \"I do not have the faintest idea what literate men look like.\" She mumbled. \"Like Barret.\" Butch answered. \"Usually a little cleaner.\" She couldn't help but smile at that, and looked away, her hands fumbling with the old patched blanket that covered her. \"Rosa gave it to me.\" She stated, not sure if it was the right thing to say at this moment. He said nothing in return, and gazed at her calmly, tiredly. \"She said it would help me escape from reality whenever I want to.\" He tilted his head at her, but still refrained from saying anything. \"I guess what I'm trying to say is, I owe you an apology.\" She continued, looking up at him. He raised his eyebrows in slight mocking sort of surprise. \"I.. it wasn't my place to.. criticize your.. habits.\" He let out a dry chuckle. \"Habits? Yer makin' it sound worse than it is.\" She sighed, annoyed with herself, and looked away. \"Well, I don't know what else to call it.\" she shrugged. \"But it doesn't matter. That's your business. And I.. I shouldn't have.. thrown it back into your face like I did.\" \"Alright.\" He said. She looked up, confused. \"Alright what?\" \"Apology accepted.\" He explained, giving her a lopsided smile. She was silent for a moment, but then nodded. \"Thank you. In case you're wondering.. Rosa is downstairs in the kitchen with White Feather. She'll spend the night there.\" He said nothing, and closed his eyes for moment as he let out a slightly annoyed sigh, but his tired smile never left his face. \"Well just.. in case you were looking for her.\" She continued shyly. \"Ahm not.\" He stated calmly. \"Ahm fine where ah ahm. Unless ye want me out cause ah smell like a wet dog.\" She shook her head quickly. \"No, I didn't mean to imply that at all. You.. you smell fine.\" She mentally kicked herself for her clumsy statement, but he just grinned wickedly. \"Why would you smell like a wet dog?\" she asked, sincerely puzzled. \"Because I'm wet..\" He stated dryly. \"I'd take it all off if ah had a room te myself, but ah don't think ah'll find one at this hour, and with this weather. No one's out so..\" He shifted in his chair, and she could hear the wet material of his clothing make squeaky sounds on the polished wood. \"Ah thought ah'd sit with ye for a while, dry up a bit.\" He leaned back slowly, ignoring the uncomfortable feeling of his drenched garments. \"You're going to get sick this way.\" She said softly. He returned her worried look with a sly grin, and stretched his stiff back, his arms above his head. His spine cracking uncomfortably, reaching beyond his bones' limits. She flinched at the painful sounds of his body, until he slumped in his chair again, relaxing every muscle. \"Ah don't really mind bein' sick with ye around. Ye get all fussy and worried over me, ah prefer that over yer hissy fits.\" He teased her, gazing at her lazily. \"Yer much nicer te me when ahm sick.\" Without taking off his boots, he heaved up his legs and placed them on the bed, causing the whole iron frame to rattle. He let out a relieved sigh. \"Think ah'll go and get sick again.\" She gazed at his snake leather boots on top of the colourful covers. His trousers soaked through, and clinging to his skin. Outside, the rain intensified, and she shivered lightly when a cool breeze crawled through the opened window. He didn't react to it, although he must have felt it when the wind hit his back, playing with the long greying strands of his hair. \"Ah guess ah owe ye an apology too.\" He started, gazing at her calmly. She didn't look up to meet his eyes, but stared at her hands folded in her lap instead. \"Said some things ah didn't mean.\" He continued, rubbing his eyes tiredly. \"Guess that blow to mah head made mah brain swell up.\" \"It's quite alright.\" She said quickly. \"I was just.. \" \"That whole thing with Jed wasn't yer fault.\" He cut her off. \"Ah didn't even know that idiot was stayin' here. Ah thought Rosa forbid him te come back.. Aint the first time he caused trouble.\" \"It's not your fault either.\" She argued gently. \"Ah don't know about that.\" He shook his head. \"Ah aint meant te be the one te protect ye. Ahm meant te be the one ye fear.. Ah think it's somethin' like that.\" He looked around the room, trying to find a way to explain himself. \"If there's one thing those damn injuns taught me is that we all have a role te play. And if ye try te play another one.. \" He shrugged. \"It won't work.\" She gazed at him. \"Well, I'm still alive. So there must be something you're doing right.\" He let out a breathy chuckle. \"Yea, I might be yer spirit dog after all, huh? Yer own wet spirit mutt.\" Setting one foot against the edge of the bed, he let the chair dangle on its hind legs, rocking back and forth dangerously. A flash of lightning crept through the window, illuminating the bedroom for a split second. The low burning candle on the nightstand, flickered in the rush of wind that announced the arrival of another autumn storm. He studied her, still playing with his chair, and chuckled softly when she jumped at the sound of the rolling thunder. \"Ah told ye before.\" His voice averted her attention away from the window. \"Frank's wailing is rubbin' off on ye. Now yer suddenly scared of thunderstorms?\" \"I've always felt nervous in this kind of weather.\" She confessed, feeling herself blush. \"I just always did a modestly successful job at hiding it.\" \"Ye aint doin' much of a successful job at it now.\" He continued, amused greatly by her fidgety behaviour. She ignored his taunting, and braced herself for another clap when another flash of lightning ripped through the sky. He watched her grip the blankets tightly and squeeze her eyes shut when the rolling thunder caused the wooden doors on the balconies to rattle in their hinges. \"Calm down.\" His voice had gone softer. \"I can't.\" she protested, giving him a sharp, accusing look. One he answered with a small, teasing smile, her hissy attitude simply amusing him. \"Just don't leave. I don't care if you sit there laughing, just promise you stay here.\" He gazed at her impassively for a while, shifting slightly in his chair. \"Ah can't make the rain stop, Sharky..\" He whispered, almost apologetically. \"I know that.\" She spoke quietly, swallowing away her embarrassment as much as she could. \"I just don't want to be alone right now.\" He let his chair fall back on all four of its legs, and removed his feet from the bed. He stretched again, lazily, like a big cat. \"Ah wasn't planning on goin' anywhere.\" He said, slumping down in his chair, relaxing his body. He yawned, and shook his head to get rid of the drowsiness the warm room was giving him. \"Might fall asleep on ye though.\" \"Oh, no. Please don't.\" she spoke quickly, panicking slightly. He rubbed his eyes tiredly, and winced when he hurt his broken nose, and the swollen area around his right eye. He ignored her for a while, too occupied with stirring himself awake. Sleeping in this chair wasn't a good idea anyway. Not with his mangled spine. He sat up, his elbows on his knees, to give his back a break from the wooden bars it had been leaning against. Now the flashes and claps of thunder had become more frequent, she looked perfectly miserable, and he sighed in slight annoyance. \"Alright.\" He started gruffly. \"Ye want te behave like a damn child, ah'll treat ye like one and tell ye a story. How about that?\" His offer, anything but sympathetic, made her huff indignantly at first. Getting no audible reaction from her, he simply continued. \"ye want te know how ah got those scars? On mah back?\" TBC…. Soon.. real soon. Sorry for the cliff-hanger, guys. This chapter was originally meant to be much longer, but it got too big for me to upload it in one file. So I had to split it in two. The next chapter is almost finished. So stay tuned for Butch's scar story.[Chapter 22] To Outlaw Bear: Thank you once again for another super sweet review! And of course, you can send me anything you like! By the way, I went to your Instagram account, and I loooove your hair, holy shit, that's so awesome. To Voldemort: Alright.. ALRIGHT!.. The poetry did it. I've never been serenated before, but I found I'm a big sucker for it. Anyway, here's to you, my dear! To all my other wonderful reviewers: You guys are the backbone of this story, not kidding. I love all of you. Chapter 22 Now he had her attention, and the storm seemed completely forgotten. She gazed at him curiously, although slightly worried. She remembered her shock at seeing the collection of white lines across the tanned skin of his back, forced into his flesh with great force. \"I don't know..\" she admitted carefully. \"Do I?\" He shrugged, looking around the room. \"It aint that interesting, ah can tell ye that. But this seems to be a better moment for tellin' stupid stories than sittin' in a tub with cold water.\" She still seemed unsure, and he chuckled bitterly. \"Hell, if ye don't want te know..\" \"I do.\" She said quickly. \"I do want to know.\" He studied her for a moment, folding his right leg over his left, and leaned back in his chair. \"Alright.\" He waited, pondering on where he should start. \"Ah was.. ah think ah little older than you.\" He started. \"Er maybe just as old, ah don't remember. Anyways, Sheriff of some small dugout town, nasty guy, one of those gritty lawbenders that aint nuthin' better than me, they just get paid more te do it. He got his hands on me. Locked me up in his office. Now they aint allowed te kill ye, er keep ye there for a long period of time. A judge has te come down and give ye a trial. Ye know that right?\" She shook her head. \"Well, that's how it is. They can't make that decision. Ye need a county marshal, or a prosecutor or a judge for that. These folks had a judge.\" He shrugged. \"But while ah was locked in that cell, waiting for that judge to come around, which took days, if not weeks, cause this guy made his rounds, ye know. He took care of more towns like that. While ah was there, ah had te be given two meals a day, and some jackshit deputy had te come in and clean out mah piss bucket.\" He chuckled menacingly. \"Made a complete mess of it every time. Ye should have seen his face.\" His laughing contagious, she smiled softly, bracing herself for the moment his now seemingly funny story would turn more serious. \"But eventually that Sheriff got fed up with me, and here comes the brutal part of that law that forbids them te execute me or whatever. They can give ye a corporal punishment instead, and send ye on yer way after.\" He explained. She blinked in slight horror, swallowing thickly. \"So one mornin' he had his deputies lift me from mah bed, tie me to a pole in the middle of that town, got out his horse whip, and beat the absolute shit out of me.\" He spread his arms, finished with his story, and leaned back in his chair with a triumphant smile. She stared at him in shock. \"And then?\" she asked, dreading the answer. He shrugged, shaking his head. \"Then nuthin'\" he said. \"They let me go.\" \"Just like that?\" She continued. He shrugged again. \"Yea, ah was pretty banged up. If they had kept me there, I would have been entitled te a doctor's services on their costs. So they let me go. Cut me loose.\" She said nothing, and gazed at him in absolute horror. \"Ah told ye it wasn't an interesting story.\" He chuckled. \"It's a sad story.\" She corrected him gently. \"Yea well.. it was a long time ago. They don't hurt no more.\" He gave her a small smile. \"Now it's yer turn.\" She shook her head, and looked away. \"I have no stories.\" She said. \"Nothing like that.\" \"Oh come on. Ah know ye got sumthin'. Everyone's got stories. Don't need te be a story about ye goin' on some grand adventure.\" He made her laugh, he knew he did. \"Join some Injun tribes, being named chief..\" she burst out in laughter, and he followed her example. \"Don't have te be nuthin' like that. How about ye tell me.. if ye've ever been kissed.\" He gave her a sly grin, her shocked expression having no effect on his amusement. \"Excuse me?\" she asked, trying to look profoundly offended, but his grin only grew wider, making his scar look all the more gruesome. \"You're drunk..\" she concluded bitterly. He nodded \"Ahm gettin' there..\" He took another deep drag from the bottle. \"I don't believe that is any of your business.\" She huffed. \"Neither are mah scars any of yers.\" He argued. \"Ye started this show and tell by asking me about them, and ah kept mah promise that I'd tell ye all about them one day. Now ah want te know somethin' about ye.\" She shook her head, looking away. \"No\" she spoke shyly after a few seconds of silence. \"We lived too far away from town to find me a suitor, or anything of the sort.\" She shrugged. He said nothing, just gazed at her with a patience than let her know he was waiting for her to continue. Feeling cornered, she sighed impatiently, his completely calm attitude aggravating her even more. \"If you want to share stories about intimacies, I suggest you do the talking yourself.\" She sneered. \"After all, I couldn't possibly compete with your extensive experience in that area.\" He raised one eyebrow at her biting words, and stuck the toe of his right boot underneath the iron frame of the bed, shoving it toward him slowly, the rusty metal legs of the bed made sharp sounds on the dusty wooden floor. \"Don't ye start again.\" He warned. When the bed was close enough, he could push hard enough to lift up the side, leaving the bed to dangle on its two right legs, causing the girl to grip onto the matrass and blankets to not fall off. She yelped as he threatened to let the bed fall over completely. \"Cause ah'll flip ye over and ye can sleep on the damn floor.\" With one last dangerous push to the right, to enforce his threat, he removed his foot and let the whole bed fall back on all fours with a loud clang, dust particles danced around the room as the shocked girl tried to regain her bearings. Huffing and puffing as if he had just caused her the greatest offense in the history of offending women, she leaned over the edge of the bed to retrieve a few pillows that had fallen to the floor during his antics. She brushed off the dust and sand before placing them on the bed again, and shot him angry glares, which were answered with slightly amused grins and chuckles. \"I wonder what Rosa will think if you destroy her bed.\" She mumbled, straightening the blankets in an agitated manner. \"Ah've seen that bed take worse..\" He shot back crudely. She stared at him in disgust, her mouth agape, shocked at his comment. \"Hey, ye made that one quite easy for me.\" He chuckled. She said nothing in return, and looked away, feeling all the more uncomfortable with him in the room. He could sense her turning away from him more and more, and sighed. \"Ah don't know what te say, Sharky.\" He mumbled gruffly. \"Ye want te set yer mind on what goes on in this place, ye go ahead and do it. It aint gonna change a single thing.\" She didn't answer, and gazed at the wall in front of her instead. \"ye can make all the innuendos ye want, try te insult me while yer at it, but it aint gonna change anythin'\" \"I'm not trying to insult you.\" She argued, her voice soft. \"Yea ye are.\" He chided gently. \"Yer tryin' te get a rise out of me, but it aint gonna work. Ah want ye te get some hair on yer teeth, so men like Jed and Evans can't get te ye that easily anymore. Ye need me to practise on, ye go right ahead.\" She listened to the wind howling outside. Autumn storms that lasted for more than four days, brought forth great change, or so her Grandfather had taught her. Sadly enough, she didn't really know for how long it had been storming outside. She had lost count more than once in the past few days. This place had the tendency to make you forget about the world outside its walls. \"Want te see a more interesting scar?\" His voice brought her back to the dim lit bedroom she was currently residing in, away from her mind, and the memories of home that seemed to fade more and more. She looked at him, slightly baffled at his question, and the sudden change of subject. But he just grinned, baring his silver plated tooth, and wiggled his eyebrows teasingly. Before she could properly formulate her answer, he got out of his chair stiffly and gently sat down on the side of the bed, closing most of the previous distance between them. Unsure about their close proximity, she scooted over to give him more room, and watched him pull his suspenders down. \"This one ahm more proud of.\" He mumbled, unbuttoning his still damp shirt from the bottom up, baring his stomach. \"Give me yer hand.\" He told her, extending his. She just stared at him wide eyed, he chuckled. \"It aint gonna bite ye, Sharky.\" Without waiting for her, he reached out to grab her wrist, finding she offered little resistance in her current state of bewilderment. She watched her hand disappear under his shirt as he guided her fingers to the underside of his ribcage. As she jumped at the contact, he did the same. \"Yer hands are cold..\" He complained, chuckling nervously. \"Ye feel it?\" She blinked, staring at him, his expression vacant, his eyes dull from the alcohol. \"Feel what?\" \"If ye don't feel it, ye aint pushing hard enough.\" He scolded impatiently. \"Or maybe we're proddin' in the wrong side.\" He continued, more to himself than to her. He let go of her hand for a moment, to examine himself, poking around his ribcage with a violent determination that made her squint. \"Come on..\" he grumbled. \"Where are ye.\" \"What are we looking for exactly?\" she asked carefully, watching him poke and prod around his torso, and getting more annoyed with it by the minute. It would have been a comical sight had it not been about an old wound he was trying to show her. He didn't answer, and continued his ardent search. \"Please stop, I don't want you to hurt yourself.\" She pleaded gently. He stopped moving when his fingers found what they had been looking for. \"Got ya.\" He mumbled, and looked up at her. \"Right here.\" He told her. Afraid to hurt him, she hesitated, but her curiosity got the best of her eventually, and she placed her hand over his own, allowing him to once again guide her fingers under his last row of ribs, this time on the other side. She swallowed thickly at the sensation of his moving body underneath her fingertips, pushed into his skin with a force she would have never used herself. But now she finally felt what he had been wanting to show her all along. This particular rib felt different from the others she had palpated before. There was a bump in the middle of it, as if something had lodged itself into this thin piece of bone. She looked up at him in confusion, not understanding what she was touching. \"What is this?\" she asked in horror. \"A bullet.\" He stated, allowing her calmly to roam her fingers over the strange, irregular shape. \"Got it in the war.\" He jumped when she put too much pressure on a particularly sensitive spot, and chuckled apologetically. \"Take it easy on me, Sharky. That's a mean one ye got there.\" \"I'm sorry.\" She said, but didn't withdraw her hand, her find too interesting. \"So is it..still in there?\" He nodded. \"Yea, right in the middle of that rib. They couldn't remove it without shattering my entire damn ribcage, so they decided to just let it sit there. Told me it could go two ways. It would start festering, and I'd die. Or it would just sit there and do nuthin' Ah guess it decided on the latter, cause I aint never had no trouble with it.\" He explained. \"Is a little sensitive, that's all.\" If someone would have told her two months ago her hand would be underneath Butch Cavendish' shirt someday, she would have probably thrown them out of their house and called them crazy. But here she was, with her hand under his damp shirt, trailing two fingers back and forth over the strange bump in the middle of the usually smooth strip of bone. The strangest thing about the whole situation was that he calmly let her. He had removed his own hand from hers, and was now just holding up his shirt to give her unobstructed access. She felt strangely fascinated by the rise and fall of his thin chest, his breathing as collected as it could be while she touched him. And never having touched a man like this, or in any other way for that matter, before, she felt giddy and nervous, her heart beating in her throat. But his complete tranquillity calmed her wrecked nerves little by little, letting her know he was fine with whatever she was doing. The only time he moved, was to reach over to her nightstand to grab the bottle of tequila he had put there, and take a deep swig. \"Do you have more scars like these?\" she asked eventually, after having relearned how to use her voice. The first state of shock behind her. \"Don't got any more bullets lodged inside mah bones if that's whut ye mean.\" He chuckled, causing his chest to vibrate under her fingers, her touch momentarily leaving in her still hesitant approach. \"But sure ah got more scars.\" He continued more calmly, getting profoundly weary under her gentle palpations. \"They're all over me.\" \"I want to see them.\" She spoke, sure of herself, without making eye contact. Too fascinated by what her fingertips were exploring around his ribcage. He said nothing, and reached behind him to grab a few pillows, placing them against the iron framed headboard before slowly leaning back in a more comfortable position, one arm splayed over her side of the bed. She had to move with him to still to be able to touch him, and scooted closer as he lay down. He let out a deep sigh, resting his eyes for a moment. \"Ah want a million dollars cash and a big ol' mansion in Dodge city, but we can't have all we want.\" He replied softly. \"Why don't ye amuse yerself with that one, and let me get some shut eye instead.\" \"I'm not amusing myself..\" she protested weakly, withdrawing her hand. \"I have just never seen anyone with scars like that.\" She pulled his shirt down, covering his mauled ribcage. \"I didn't mean to annoy you..\" He shifted slightly, trying to get rid of his boots by scraping his shin against the iron sides of the bed. He seemed to have done it before as she could hear the heavy leather and spurs hit the wooden floorboards seconds later. \"Ye aint annoying me.\" He mumbled. \"But ye need te rest up if ye don't want te fall off yer horse tomorrow.\" \"Are we leaving?\" she asked. He nodded slowly, his eyes closed, already half way gone. \"Where are we going?\" He didn't answer, and she realized he had fallen asleep. She didn't have the courage to wake him and ask him why he had decided to move on so suddenly, and tried to get herself comfortable in the narrow space he had left for her, careful not to touch his arm with her head. This bed wasn't meant to occupy two people, but it had probably done it lots of times before. She bit her lip as she tried to shift her legs without bumping into his, and failed when she felt her foot get stuck in a still damp fold of his pants. Her eyes switched to his face, scared that he would wake up and get angry. But he gave no reaction. She let out a sigh of relief. If that nudge didn't wake him, he wouldn't wake up to her covering him with the blankets either. She laid down carefully, draping the covers over them both. She hadn't expected to ever share a bed with a man, and although the circumstances under which she was doing it right now were different than what her mother had talked to her about when she came of age, she was strangely happy with whom she was sharing it. Once again in the middle of the lion's mouth, stuck between four rows of teeth, she felt the same feeling of safety wash over her tired being. In the dim light of the low burning candle she watched his chest rise and fall in a slow, even tempo. His breathing silent, as she knew. One would guess a man of his age, living the life he lives, would have a heavier form of breathing. But in deep sleep, he made no sound. It wasn't wise to snore while camping outside in a place where you shouldn't be, hunted by men trained to find you. He wasn't a heavy sleeper, and she somehow doubted he didn't notice her moving around, bumping into him, but whether he realized it or not, he remained perfectly still. It wasn't easy to fall asleep. Somehow her body felt like it had to remain awake now her only source of safety had dozed off. When sleep finally decided to take her, her rest was short lived. She didn't know how long she had been asleep, but when she woke, it was at a strong gust of wind entering the small bedroom through the window, it blew out the candle, knocking it off the nightstand with a loud bang, leaving the room pitch dark in the blink of an eye. \"There goes the candle..\" Butch mumbled tiredly, having been awakened by the noise. The wind howled, growing in strength, she could hear shutters hit the wall as they were moved by the strong air currents, and still dry dust sandpapering the wooden boardwalks. \"Aint no rest for the wicked, huh?\" He sighed. She gave no reply, her body stiffening in fear as the howling intensified, now resembling much the cries of wolves. Curious about her silence, he turned his head to look at her, but he couldn't make out her features in the dark, only the silhouette of her fast and rapid breathing. He sighed, not really knowing what else to say to calm her. He reached up to rub his tired eyes, again forgetting his injury, and hissed in pain, cursing under his breath. \"Ah can't believe ah keep forgettin' mah nose is in damn shatters.\" He grumbled, annoyed with himself. \"Ah swear, if ah had te sneeze right now, they could repaint this whole room. Damn thing is clogged with blood, ahm tellin' ye.\" She remained silent, and he started to wonder if he was talking to himself all this time. \"Are ye sleepin?\" He asked. \"No.\" She spoke softly in the dark. \"I'm listening to you.\" \"ah yea..?\" He grumbled, shifting slightly. \"Ye do too much of that.\" When another strong gust of wind barged into the little room, it blew the nearly empty bottle of tequila off the nightstand, sending it shattering to the floor. The noise was enough to make her jump into the gangleader's arms instinctively, clinging on to him for dear life as he chuckled gruffly. \"And there goes my tequila..\" He remarked dryly. Fed up with the weather, she didn't move from her current spot, finally feeling the amount of safety she would need to brave herself through the rest of this stormy night. She waited till he would move away, scold her, turn his back to her. But he remained perfectly still. He didn't push her away, and although it puzzled her, and made her afraid to move in fear of changing his mind, it didn't keep her from huddling closer to his warm body. With her cheek pressed against his still damp shirt, she rose and fell with his calm breathing. His steady heartbeat like a beacon in the dark that seemed endless. Then finally, she detected movement. He shifted, bringing the arm that had been laying across the pillows, around her shoulder, bringing her closer. \"Alright, little miss shark..\" He sighed gently. \"You win.\" In the far distance, too far to frighten her, she could hear the rumbling of the thunder clouds, chased across the desert by the strong wind. Feeling empowered by the gangleader's permission, she moved her arm across his chest, holding on to him like a child, her weight against him. He gave no reaction, but he was wide awake, she knew he was. \"Try te get some sleep..\" He mumbled. She nodded, feeling weary from the interruptions. He was still staring at the wooden ceiling when he felt her body relax against his own. R&R;![Chapter 23] To Voldemort: You do realize I get emails that start with \"You have recieved a review from Voldemort\" Don't you? You know, if my name was Lucius Malfoy, I'd be sincerely worried. Just kidding, I love your support. A very Merry belated Christmas to all my dear readers, reviewers and followers! We shall see eachother again in the next year! May this story bring you all the joy in 2017 as I hope it did in 2016. With love, Your ever humble and grateful writer, AshtonCat Chapter: 23 She didn't want to wake up. In sleep, she didn't feel the reality around her, and wasn't reminded of her current situation. Travelling with a gang of wanted criminals, while being hunted down by both Rangers and railroad agents, of which neither had good intentions. When she was a little girl, her grandfather told her stories about a knight saving a princess from a giant dragon, sleeping on a pile of jewels and gold. He had described the sleeping dragon as a heavily breathing, slumbering monstrosity, its long horned tail covered in scales, and wrapped around its treasure. Tonight she dreamed of it again. How often had she tried to picture that dragon, the way it smelled, the sounds it made as it slept. She could hear it now again, inhaling softly, its chest moving, and exhaling again, breathing out smoke and giving out a low growl, as if it snored. As she slowly started waking up, her mind seemed to hang on to her dream, the sounds of the dragon remained. She could have sworn she could feel it breathe, its weight against her back. Dragons did not exist, she reminded herself sternly. And it wasn't a dragon that had wrapped itself around her, had its chest against her back, and made the sounds of her childhood stories. It was Butch, still deep asleep, completely unaware of her opened eyes. They had clearly moved during the night, rolled onto their sides, his mangled face buried in her long hair, making it dance every time he exhaled, like the breezing beast in her grandfather's bedtime stories. And like the dragon with its treasure, the outlaw had wrapped himself around her slim frame, one leg around hers, she could feel the heavy, damp material of his trousers dig into her skin. His arm had snaked its way around her thin torso, with his hand disappearing under her side that was pressed against the matrass. In this position, she was pretty sure she had the safest sleeping spot west of the Missouri river. But unlike the dragon of her grandfather's story, Butch wasn't a coldblooded lizard, and the heat of his body radiated pleasantly, almost lulling her back to sleep. With his injured face so close to her head, she didn't dare move, scared she would hurt him, and startle him from his sleep. Everything was still around them, although morning had arrived some time ago. The only sound she detected were the desert breeds of birds announcing the time of day, while sitting on the high walls of the fort, warming up in the young rays of the new-born sun. As she listened to their chirping, other sounds submerged from the silence. Slowly, the fort awakened. First the playing of children, having finished their breakfasts, and now allowed to enjoy the deep puddles that had formed in the courtyard. Dogs, ready to join the party of frivolity that was taking place, barked in excitement, chasing chickens that had been awakened by their rooster, who in his turn, chased off the dogs threatening his harem. The noise was enough to make the dragon behind her stir slightly. \"Damn dogs..\" He mumbled between her shoulder blades. She smiled, and suppressed a chuckle. \"We need to get up.\" She said, trying to sound serious, and sure of her decision. \"I thought you wanted to leave at first light?\" \"Ah guess ah missed mah chance.\" He grumbled, she could hear him yawn, and felt him stretch, before nuzzling back into the pillow they were sharing. \"Ah aint all there, ah think. Got mah brains shaken up pretty good.\" He continued, and sighed heavily. \"Mah head hurts..\" She frowned in worry and sympathy, and reached up to pat his arm that was wrapped around her. \"Then we'll rest for a little while longer. Until it subsides a bit.\" She suggested kindly. He didn't answer. \"You probably drank too much as well.\" she teased. Now he chuckled softly into her hair. \"Probably..\" he mumbled. She was silent for a moment, absentmindedly stroking his arm with her fingertips, her need to touch him when he was suffering resurfacing, although she hardly realized it. \"Thank you for staying with me last night.\" She whispered softly, mindful of his throbbing head. \"Now ye can tell yer future husband ye slept with Butch Cavendish.\" He joked. Mocking offense, she hit his arm, causing him to jump slightly, and chuckle teasingly. \"I thought you were sick and in need of rest.\" She scolded. \"Ah've never been sick enough te lose mah sense of humour.\" He explained. \"Don't be cross with me, Sharky.. come on now.\" He huddled closer to her back, enjoying her softness, her intoxicating scent. \"Ye just make me feel better, that's all.\" He admitted. She blushed at his small confession, and cleared her throat nervously. Whatever moment they were sharing right now, entangled like lovers, she wasn't sure she was to believe all of it. But he seemed blatantly unaware of the internal chaos he caused her, for moments later, his breathing evened out, his body relaxed against her, indicating he had fallen asleep once more. She resumed the gentle caressing of his arm. He had made her feel safe last night, allowing her to lay in his arms like a small child, she was pretty sure that privilege wasn't bestowed on many others. So she would do the same for him now, and not move away until he felt better. llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll Ten miles from the gate to the secluded fort, five horsemen stood tall in a line blinking against the sunlight. Four of them wore bowler hats, one of them a shabby, worn Stetson. Brushing off the desert dust from his fine black coat, the smallest of the men, although atop the largest horse, made a small noise that was supposed to voice his mild surprise. \"Well, golly gee..\" Elton sneered mockingly. \"The place actually exists.\" Evans turned to him slowly, his thick eyebrows almost covering his deep set, blood shed eyes. \"What te hell were ye thinkin'\" He growled. \"Course it exists. Does a hell of a lot more than just existing too.\" \"You know, if I didn't know how much you were getting paid for getting us here, I'd think you still admire the whole thing, Evans.\" The short man shot back at him. Evans said nothing in return, and rolled his shoulders angrily. \"Is Cavendish in there?\" One of the gruff looking hired guns said, speaking to Elton's back. \"Ah say we go in there, throw him off a wall, and get the hell out of this nightmare.\" Taking his time, Elton rummaged through his fancy coat pockets, pulling out a pair of fine looking white, kid gloves. \"Not so fast, Wickens.\" He spoke calmly, pulling on the gloves with great care, like he was readying himself for a formal dinner party. \"If you want to catch a sleeping chicken, you don't wake it up first.\" He fidgeted around with the fingers on his gloves until they were positioned right. \"Besides..\" He continued, buttoning the gloves at the wrist. \"Mister Cavendish is worth more to us alive. And people tend to die when you throw them off a wall, Wickens.\" He turned to give the hired gun a bored smile. \"You knew that, didn't you Wickens?\" Wickens didn't respond, and just gazed back at his boss impassively, probably wishing the man a most painful death. \"I'm going to assume you knew that.\" Elton continued, calm as ever, and turned his view back to the fort. \"But in case you forget about it once we're in there, I think it would be best if you stay here.\" He explained, taking out his golden pocket watch to look at the time. \"If we're not back within one hour from now, I want you to return to Colby, and give the location of this place to Mister Cole. In other words, you are our safety net, Wickens.\" He tossed the golden watch at the hired gun, who barely caught it mid-air. \"Understood?\" Looking quite annoyed with his new task, Wickens grumbled under his breath, stuffing the watch away, and reached into his saddle bag to take out his pipe. He was going to be here for a while anyway. \"Jolly good.\" Elton said, urging his horse forward. \"Onwards, gentlemen.\" In company of his other two men, and Evans, they approached the fort in a slow trot. Lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll She had fallen into a light slumber soon after him, his gentle breathing presence emptying her mind of every worry and sorrow hovering above her head like the sword of Damocles. The joyous sounds of the awakening fort, now familiar to her ears, continued in the background. She smiled when she recognized Frank's voice in the courtyard, now like hearing a friend arriving at her front door. But he appeared to be panicking over something, informing whoever was willing to listen, about something she couldn't decipher. \"Frank sounds worried..\" she said. For a moment it didn't seem her words had reached the dragon, but then he stirred and let out a slow, tired sigh. \"It's too early for Frank..\" He mumbled. Smiling to herself, she gently lifted her head from the pillow, using both ears to listen to the young outlaw's panicking words. Other voices had joined his, and she could hear men run across the courtyard, stepping into puddles in their hurry. \"Something is going on.\" She stated. \"Maybe I should go have a look.\" He wordlessly removed his arm from around her waist, and untangled his leg from hers, allowing her to move away. She sat up slowly, her back stiff from the old matrass. But after having slept on a saddle blanket for days, it felt like sleeping at the Hilton. She turned to look at the still weary gangleader, who gave her a lopsided smile, peering up at her with tired eyes. \"Are you feeling any better?\" she asked softly. He closed his eyes again, his smile not leaving as he shook his head a little. \"Well, just rest here then. I'm going to see what all the fuss is about.\" She told him, sliding off the bed. A shiver ran through her spine the moment her bare feet touched the cold, wooden floor. She rubbed her arms as she made her way over to the window, to peer outside into the courtyard. There was a group of Rosa's guards, armed to the teeth, conversing with eachother in a language she did not understand. She turned to the doorway when she heard footsteps run up the staircase. A wild eyed Rosa pulled away the faded curtain and stepped into the room hastily. \"You need to go!\" she announced, bending down to pick up Butch's boots, throwing them at the unmoving outlaw in the bed, who didn't seem fazed at her rude intrusion. \"Ahora, Cavendish! Get up!\" she called out exasperatedly, clapping her hands close to his ears, and pulling away the blanket that covered him. \"Andale!\" He growled, tossing a pillow at her angrily. \"Git out! The hell is wrong with you?!\" She dodged the pillow, getting more furious by the minute. \"They're coming, you fool! They're visible from the wall! Your horsemen! You need to go!\" she looked at Eleanor, who had a look of pure fright on her face. \"You both need to go!\" \"What horsemen?\" Eleanor asked, her eyes switching between them. With impressive speed, Butch jumped out of bed, looking around for the rest of his clothing while holding his snake leather boots against his chest. Tripping over an upturned chair, he roughly pushed Rosa out of his way as he collected his waistcoat and jacket from the floor. If the Spanish woman was offended, she didn't show it, her gaze resting on the young girl instead. \"All five of them!?\" Butch called, slipping into his torn coat on his way down the staircase, almost tripping over his own feet. \"Four..\" Rosa corrected him, still gazing at the girl by the window, rubbing her arms nervously. She clicked her tongue, approaching her in a gentle manner. \"He did not tell you, did he?\" she asked. \"Last night, when he returned, he told Ray he spotted five horsemen on the trail here.\" Eleanor felt her stomach turn in fear, and gazed at the fort's matron like a deer in headlights. \"But.. but he told me they cannot find this place. Law men don't know this place, do they? He told me so himself!\" Rosa placed her slender hands on the panicking girl's shoulders, silencing her gently with a stern look. \"Tranquilo.\" She instructed. \"You're right, no law men knows the exact location of this place, but that bastard Evans has lead them here.\" From the open window, Butch could be heard barking orders at the rest of his gang. Horses were taken from their stables and saddled in a hurry. Guns were readied by the bandits manning the high walls. \"Look at me.\" Rosa instructed the girl sternly, drawing the young lady's attention away from the window. \"You're going to be alright.\" She told the frightened girl. \"I promise you.\" Eleanor nodded, wide eyed and partly hyperventilating. Rosa's hands left her shoulders. \"Get dressed and get your horse ready.\" She told the girl, and turned on her heels. Down in the courtyard, the horses belonging to Butch's gang were saddled and ready, awaiting their riders who were still readying their guns, preparing for a fight. Rosa's guards ran across the balconies, taking their positions with their rifles at the ready. The whole fort seemed transformed. What was usually a place of relaxation and entertainment, now seemed to be the military facility it was originally build to represent. The women on the balconies however didn't seem impressed, and were still hanging over the railings, curious about all the commotion. With a handful of her skirt, Eleanor made her way down the creaking staircase. Still tying her hair up, she ran into the stables, bumping into Frank who had saddled her horse for her and was on his way out to get her. \"Morning, miss Hartley!\" he called out happily, while she regained her balance from their collision. Her little grey mare had colourful paint marks on her muzzle, and eagle feathers had been braided into her black manes. Observing the decorated animal, Eleanor took the reins from the young outlaw with a puzzled expression. \"Ah thinks the Injun lady did this.\" Frank continued, following her gaze. \"Is gonna be all gone when it starts raining.\" The old horse received some looks of ridicule once it was being lead out of the stable. Like she and the relic of an animal she rode wasn't amusing enough already, she now received some snickering from the criminals on the balconies as well. Trying to ignore it as best as she could, Eleanor lead her horse to the rest of the group, awaiting instructions from a restless looking Butch. Rosa joined them soon after, her long hair covered in a bright coloured shawl with tassels. In her native tongue, she called out her orders to the men on the balconies, before coming to a halt next to Butch. \"Who are these people?\" she asked him, her hands in her sides. He didn't respond, his mind elsewhere. \"They aren't with the law, are they?\" she pressed on, but still she received no answer. \"Respondeme, Cavendish!\" she slapped his shoulder impatiently. \"Who did you bring to my gates, ha?! I deserve to know!\" \"Mercenaries.\" Butch grumbled. \"Hired by the railroad to get rid of that girl, and get my bounty while they're at it. Ahm pretty sure that was the agreement. Be damned if they do it for the sake of progress.\" He chuckled joylessly, shaking his head. \"Nah, they're here for her. Ah half expected them Rangers to be ridin' with em, but they must have been send on a different trail. Guess they don't want no audience.\" He shifted his weight in uneasiness, feeling Rosa's sharp hazel eyes burn into the side of his head. \"Evans knew exactly where I'd hole up with that girl. I wonder what kind of money they promised him for this.\" Rosa had obviously heard enough, for she turned away from the outlaw sharply, pacing around in slight panic while muttering her frustrations in Spanish. The rest of the gang mounted slowly, knowing they were close to the moment of departure, yet none of them seemed to know what the exact plan was going to be. With Frank's patient assistance, Eleanor climbed into the smooth saddle of her decorated mare, shifting slightly in the leather to get comfortable. With his back to them, Butch still seemed to be contemplating the next move. \"Ye think ye can delay them long enough fer us to get te Eagle Pass?\" He asked Rosa, peering over his shoulder at the fuming woman. She halted, giving him a wild look, like a cornered animal. \"Eagle Pass?!\" she barked. \"You want to drag that chica through the mountains?!\" she barked, making a wild hand movement toward the girl in question. He made a face. \"What mountains?! Ye people here south of the damn border call every Goddamn hill a mountain!\" Yet he didn't seem sure of it either, and looked around, like he expected the right answer to be written on one of the walls of the fort. Ray decided to contribute to the conversation. \"They got te us this far, they'll follow us up the pass too.\" The old cowboy grumbled, not exactly motivating the rest. \"We can split up.\" He suggested. Now he seemed to have caught Butch's attention, as the latter turned to him slowly, his heels digging into the sand and gravel. He tilted his head at the oldest member of his gang, urging him to voice the rest of his idea. \"Ah'll take Skinny and Jesus with me. Barret goes with Frank, and you take that gurl fer yer account. We'll take em out one by one on the trail. Keep the horses. Meet up at Pine's Creek and continue from there.\" Ray continued. Still staring at him, Butch seemed to consider it. \"Three days ride from here.\" He concluded, travelling the route inside his mind, calculating the estimated time of arrival. \"Two more ways te get there..\" He continued, narrowing his eyes in concentration. \"Ye take the East trail ye get all the snow and trees, not easy to follow.\" Ray nodded. \"Yer best choice right there. But that Elton aint no fool though.\" He argued. \"He wants that girl, he'll go after her.\" Butch turned to look at Eleanor atop her horse, his eyes switching from her to Frank, still standing next to her with his hand on her horse's headpiece. \"Yea..\" the leader mumbled, smiling lightly. \"Unless he takes er fer someone else.\" He decided. \"Frank! Take off yer clothes.\" Looking quite shocked, Frank stared at his leader, his face growing pale. \"Right.. Right now?\" He asked, looking at the giggling girls on the balconies. \"In front of all these gals?\" \"Ye aint got nuthin' they haven't seen before, boy!\" Butch growled impatiently, walking up to the wide eyed young outlaw, who almost took a step back as his leader approached in a threatening manner. \"Ah have te ask twice?!\" Butch barked, causing Frank to quickly reach for his boots, taking them off clumsily. \"Ye too, Sharky.\" Butch continued, giving Eleanor a sly look. \"ye and Frank. Switch clothes. Now.\" The gang leader received much of the same look from the girl as he had received from the youngest member of his gang, but she knew better than to argue, and slid off her saddle slowly. Rosa clicked her tongue in annoyance and moved past a still smirking Butch to lend a hand to the scared girl. \"Dios mio, Cavendish!\" She growled, wrapping her arm around Eleanor's shoulders. \"If you want her to do it right in front of you, you better learn how to beg for it. Come Chiquita, I got you.\" She led the girl away, to the stables, where more privacy was provided. Frank followed closely, not daring to make eye contact with a slightly disappointed, and humiliated, Butch. They both occupied a stable, with Rosa quickly helping the girl out of her stained day dress, and the chemise underneath. Shyly, Eleanor rubbed her bare shoulders, and watched how Rosa rolled her clothes into a ball and tossed them at a shirtless Frank, who caught one piece mid-air, and had to dug for the rest. He shared his stable with three small donkeys, and they seemed more than willing to help him undress and eat his clothes in the process too. \"I'm not sure I understand what the plan is.\" Eleanor peeped carefully, peering up at Rosa. \"Would someone like Elton be that easily fooled by a change of wardrobe?\" Catching Frank's shirt and trousers with ease, Rosa handed her piece for piece, waiting for the girl to pull them on before answering. \"I expect Cavendish to know what he's doing.\" She remarked coldly. \"If not I'll feed his cojones to the dogs.\" She helped the girl button up the shirt with her skilled fingers. The sleeves covered her hands, since Frank was slightly taller than herself. Rosa rolled them up roughly and impatiently. Now dressed, Eleanor turned to look at Frank, and couldn't help but giggle at how he looked in her old dress. \"Do my shoes even fit you?\" she asked. He looked up at her with a bright smile, and heaved up his leg to show her one perfectly fitting shoe. \"Ah had te give the laces a little more room but.. ah thinks it's alright.\" He remarked. One of the donkeys got hold on the hem of his skirt and pulled, causing Frank to almost fall over. Eleanor laughed. \"Don't tear that!\" He called out, pulling back, but the donkey didn't let go. \"It aint mine, mister Donkey!\" Even Rosa chuckled, and said something in Spanish that made herself laugh, but neither Eleanor or Frank understood. After successfully swapping clothes, they made their way back into the courtyard, where Frank was greeted with cruel catcalling and whistling from the guards and girls on top of the balconies. But he didn't seem very upset with their teasing, and braved himself through his walk of shame with his chin held up proudly. Someone tossed him a faded looking bonnet and he wasted no time to put it on his head. As Eleanor approached Butch, she noticed he held both his own and Frank's horse by their reins. Her own little mare flanked Barret's much bigger black stallion. She suddenly understood what was expected of her, and froze in fear, feeling Rosa press against her back, urging her to move. \"I cannot ride Frank's horse.\" She protested. Butch tilted his head at her, a tired look on his face. He wasn't in the mood for negotiations, and his eyes told her all about the limits she better not cross right now. As Frank caught up on his leader's latest idea, he quickly came to her side to offer his support. \"Bobby is goin' te take real good care of ye, miss Hartley.\" He smiled. \"Ah knows he will. He likes ye.\" Eleanor shook her head frantically. \"I can't even ride that little mare properly!\" she gazed at Butch, pleading for help, but he didn't move. \"Evans knows ah gave his horse te ye.\" The gang leader told her calmly. \"Ye ride yer little Paluxy, it's gonna take one second fer him te figure out ye aint Frank.\" Eleanor frowned. \"I thought you assumed Evans to be a complete idiot.\" She shot back. \"Would he really be smart enough to make that connection?\" \"If he aint, then yer friend Elton is.\" Butch barked, throwing Bobby's reins to her. \"Git on te damn horse, Sharky. No more talk.\" With that, all had been said, he turned toward Ray and Barret to discuss a few more things, and all she could do was rest in her fate. \"Ahm gonna take good care of Little Paluxy.\" Frank assured her gently. \"Ah wont ride her too hard, and ah'll make sure she grazes and drinks enough. Ah promise ye.\" It wasn't exactly what she worried about. She knew Frank was good with horses, whatever horse it was. A guard manning the walls, called down to Rosa in his native language, and for the ones that understood Spanish, it was the cue to climb into their saddles. Butch turned to Eleanor and the fort's matron, his swaying steps toward them revealed he wasn't too excited to share his plan with them. \"Tahm te go, Sharky.\" He said to her, and looked at Rosa. \"Why ye look ready te slap me, don't ye?\" Rosa huffed, and folded her arms across her chest. \"It is against my own will to give up a woman once she took refuge here.\" She hissed at him. \"And I'm not convinced going with you is the best option for her. In here, I know what can be expected, I know how to protect her. What is out there?\" she made a hand movement toward the back gate. \"Something hunts her, Cavendish. You know how to kill, but do you know how to save a life? I am not sure.\" She swallowed thickly, tightening her grip on the young girl. Butch didn't respond, and shifted his weight in uneasiness as he looked down at Eleanor. \"Say yer goodbyes.\" He instructed her. She was going to give Rosa a hand, but the woman insisted on a fierce hug, like she was convinced they would never see eachother again. \"God be with you, Eleanora.\" She whispered in the girl's ear. As she pulled back, both their cheeks were covered in tears, and Rosa wiped them away roughly. \"Thank you for everything.\" Eleanor spoke shyly, not really knowing what to say. Rosa smiled and took both of her hands in hers. \"Your life will be nothing like my life.\" The woman started, looking down at her olive skinned bare feet in the sand. \"You will have a good life. And we're all going to do what we have to do.\" She looked up at Butch sharply. \"For once.\" As she let go of the girl, Butch made a hand movement that told her to leave them alone, and Eleanor was more than happy to grand these two old friends their privacy. \"Ye never cried when ah left.\" Butch said smugly, out of hearing range from everyone else. Rosa regarded him coldly, still sniffling and wiping away tears. \"You don't deserve my tears.\" She shot back. \"Or hers.\" \"Goddammit, Rosa. Why always the hostility when ah leave? Ye aint happy when ah come, ye aint happy when ah go.\" He complained. \"Ah can't make ye happy, can ah?\" She scoffed. \"Is that what you're trying to do?\" He looked away, around the fort, the toes of his boots digging into the still soggy dirt. \"Ah guess not.\" He shrugged. \"Ye'll be alright with them agents?\" \"I don't need your worry!\" she spat at him. Then calmed. \"I'll be fine.\" \"Don't kill em.\" Butch warned. \"As much as ye'd like te do that, the fact they're comin' with four and not five means one of them is waitin' out there.\" He continued, his expression darkening. \"Don't kill em, Rosa. Ye kill em he's goin' te ride back and get the troops, and this whole place will be cleaned out.\" She rolled her eyes, straightening her back, obviously not happy with his instructions. \"You behave like this is the first time I have to face people like that.\" She made a nod toward the main gate. \"Rail tycoons. I know what they're like.\" \"That Elton won't stop at nuthin' te get to that girl.\" Butch lowered his voice even more. At that moment, a man on the wall called out the horsemen were getting close. Rosa gazed at Butch impassively. \"Then I suggest you get her out of here.\" She said. He nodded in agreement, and took a small step in her direction, perhaps to embrace her, neither of them were sure, but she stepped back. \"It was never like this.\" She told him. \"Why start now?\" Without another word, Butch turned away from her, his expression unreadable. Rosa gave the order to open the back gate of the fort, facing East, where an unknown trail would lead them back to the border. Eleanor and Frank had been quiet witnesses to the small interaction between Butch and Rosa, but were now forced to say goodbye to eachother, as Frank was supposed to go with Barret, and she was expected to follow Butch himself. The young outlaw seemed unsure of what to say, petting the nose of his stallion, of whom he was to say goodbye to as well. \"Guess I'll see you in three days..\" Eleanor started, knowing she was going to feel lost without him by her side to keep her spirits up. He nodded a little. \"Barret never aint no fun te travel with.\" He complained. \"He don't say much. Just sits there.\" As Barret was standing right next to him, atop his black horse, she could see him roll his eyes. She smiled. \"I think he heard you.\" She giggled. \"Maybe he'll be better this time.\" \"Maybe..\" Frank shrugged, not convinced. At that point she couldn't help herself, and flung herself into his arms, hugging him tightly. She knew she startled him, but he recovered from his shock soon enough, and returned her hug just as fiercely. \"I'm going to miss you!\" she told him. \"Please be careful.\" \"Ah'll be careful.\" Frank nodded. \"Might rip yer dress though.\" She chuckled through her tears. \"Don't worry about it.\" she turned to Barret with a pleading look. \"You'll be careful too, won't you? And look after him?\" For a moment it didn't seem the army surgeon would give any reply, but then he sighed impatiently. \"He'll be fine.\" He grumbled. \"It's not exactly his first time running from the law.\" It was all the reassurance she was going to get from the gruff Frenchman, and she decided to no longer pester him. It was time to mount up, and the young stallion she was to ride for the next three days, was obviously aware something was going to happen. He was restless, more than usual, and shifted his weight from one long leg to the other. He was significantly taller than her little grey mare, who was undoubtedly selected for her because of her comfortable size, and getting her foot in the stirrup was a challenge all by itself. It was Butch himself who helped her into the saddle, holding on to Bobby's headpiece and muttering words to the restless animal no one heard. Once she was seated, and the stirrups were adjusted to her height, Butch let go of the horse. \"Keep yer heels down and yer eyes on the road.\" He instructed her. The young animal beneath her felt like sitting on a big ball of muscles, considerably different from the passive mare she had been riding. Where Paluxy had her head down most of the time, Bobby looked around a lot, his ears going back and forth in unbridled attention. Eleanor watched the gang leader mount his own chestnut mare, effortlessly and swiftly like he was born in the saddle of this very horse, once mounted, they became one. \"Bandanas on, boys!\" He instructed his gang. Scarfs and cloths were tied in front of mouths, covering half the faces of the gang. She was sure it was useless, since his eyes were so distinct, but Butch covered his own face as well, hiding his trademark scar. It was Ray, Skinny and Jesus who were the first to take off, going North on breakneck speed. A short pause followed, in which Butch's horse started getting restless, she turned in circles and got on her hind legs in agitation. When the command was given to Frank and Barret to move out, through a small nod of their leader's head, Eleanor felt a pang in her heart at seeing the young outlaw leave. They'd be heading West, taking the desert for their account. He never once protested against serving as bait to her attackers, and rested in his fate that he would be the one to face the men hunting her, should something go wrong. A cloud of dust from the galloping horses made it unable for her to really watch them disappear, but once the sky cleared, it was just her and Butch. A man on the high walls of the fort announced the arrival of the horsemen at the front gate, and Butch came to stand beside her. \"Yer ready, Sharky?\" he asked her almost kindly. Her own bandana, or rather Frank's, made it unable for her to smile in response, so she nodded, fear in her eyes. Rosa walked up to her, shoving her book in one of Bobby's saddle bags, she smiled at the girl, and gave her a wink. \"Don't forget this.\" She said. \"You'll be fine, Chiquita.\" Her eyes moved to the gang leader. \"I'll see you in Hell, Cavendish.\" \"If not today, maybe tomorrow.\" He told her, taking off his hat in greeting. Then he turned and smacked Eleanor's horse against its backside with his hat, causing the animal to jump forward in shock. \"Heya! Come on you!\" The horse laid its ears in its neck as it started running, with the girl atop clinging to his manes for dear life. \"Faster!\" she could hear Butch's rough voice spur up the anxious horse as he followed in close pursuit. \"Heya!\" They left the fort behind them, and she somehow managed to peer over her shoulder, watching its bleached walls disappear from her view. Rosa waited till they were at a good distance before signalling the gate to close with a twirling of her finger. Smoothing back her hair and straightening her clothes, she turned toward the front gate, preparing herself to face an enemy. \"Abrir puerta!\" she ordered. \"We shall give this Elton the welcome he deserves..\" R&R; Plz[Chapter 24] Updates don't HAVE to take a month, do they? I had some extra time on my hand, and well, the great Spirit of writing granted me some inspiration. Thanks again for all the reviews! I love getting them. They never fail to brighten my day! To Lord MoldyShorts: I'd like to inform you I'm still laughing about this, and I'm not ashamed of it either. Chapter 24 Elton entered the fort like he owned the place. Not at all impressed or intimidated by the arsenal of guns pointed at his very person, following every step he took. He rode up to the Spanish woman, awaiting him with her chin held high, proud as was in her nature, and in front of her, the nose of his horse almost brushing her face, its breath making her hair dance, he dismounted gracefully. His shiny leather boots touching the dusty ground like he had arrived on a different planet, and the dirt beneath his feet felt foreign. He gazed at her for a while, a mocking smile slowly creeped onto his face. \"My, won't you look at you.\" He said softly. \"You know it's a curious thing.\" He started, folding his arms across his chest. \"When I was a young man I hunted with a Spanish trapper around these parts. And I could have sworn I've seen the mythical creature of the chupacabra during one of my travels. I thought that sight was the most amazing thing I ever experienced. But here I am.\" He spread his arms mockingly. \"Facing what might as well could be the most mythical creature of all.\" He approached her calmly. \"Rosa de la Silva. Desert flower. Mother to all outlaws, and quite possibly..\" He halted an inch from her. \"the one that's going to save me a lot of work. If she is as cooperative to me as she was no doubt to her old companion and Lord knows what else.. the man I'm looking for.. Our mutual friend.. Butch Cavendish.\" She stared at him for a while, her expression hard and unforgiving. Then brought her face close to his, so only he could hear her. \"I won't tell you nothing.\" She hissed menacingly. \"You want to hear it from me, you will have to beat it out of me.\" He rolled his eyes. \"Oh, Lord. The paperwork.\" He waved her words away. \"I had honestly hoped we could come to an agreement without any drastic measures.\" He calmly removed his gloves, stuffing them in the inside of his coat pocket. \"Then again, I do fear we have only so much time to spend on negotiations. So for the sake of everyone's appetite, I do feel the need to press you to come to a decision.\" He looked around at the armed men on the balconies, and the women standing behind them, looking scared yet defensive. \"It would be a real shame if I'd have to give the order to inform the authorities about this, so mythical and infamous, a place.\" His eyes rested on her face again, and he smiled, wolf like, his perfectly trimmed moustache curling. \"Because I have to say, I love what you've done with the place, truly the stuff of nightmares, very impressive. But I won't hesitate to uncover it all should I be forced to.\" Rosa didn't stir, but her breathing had increased. \"Like I said.\" She whispered. \"I won't tell you nothing.\" He gave her a bored smile, tilting his head mockingly. \"well, then let me put this way.\" He started, talking to her like she was a child with only half a brain. \"I'm not sure you uncultured swines of a people can count properly, but I have hired three men to accompany me here, including your old friend Evans, we'll get to that detail later. Yet, if you have counted correctly, which I doubt, you see I have not four but three men following me in here. Which means there's one out there waiting for me. If we don't return to this man, in one hour, he will turn his horse around, hippitihop his way back to civilisation, and tell every cavalry man and bounty hunter he encounters on his way there, the very location of your cosy little pile of filth\" She stared at him in anger, her lip trembling. \"I don't know what's worse.\" Elton continued, shrugging. \"Handing over Cavendish, so that pray I might find that poor little kitten unscathed so I can return her to her ever so worried poor mother, or exposing this entire litter of kittens to the ferocity of the US army.\" He sighed in mock exasperation, waving cool air at himself dramatically. \"I would truly hate to see every one of your cubs raped and locked behind bars. That's what they are to you, aren't they? Kittens and cubs. You take such good care of them.\" He sniffed, badly faking his distress. \"And what would become of you? Or your..son?\" She paled at the mentioning of her own child, and swallowed thickly. No one knew about his existence, outside the people living inside the fort. Her eyes rested on Evans, grinning at her wickedly from atop his horse. He had been the one to tell the world about her son. Her expression darkened. \"How could you..\" she hissed at Evans. \"You animal!\" Evans spat on the ground. \"Ye called that one out upon yerself by kickin' me out of this place.\" He growled. \"Ah warned ye, ye goddamn slut. Ah warned ye not te mess with me.\" Elton shushed him quickly. \"Well, I am so glad to be a witness to this tearful reunion, and I promise you both there will be enough time to exchange memories once we're done. But for now I must ask you to focus on the matter at hand.\" His words slowly forced Rosa's eyes to rest on his again, tears rolling down her cheeks, but she shook her head defiantly. \"Go to Hell.\" She hissed at him, and spat in his face, hitting his round spectacles. Elton didn't move as the drop of saliva slowly dripped down the smooth glass. He reached into his pocket, pulling out a fine handkerchief, and took his spectacles off his nose. \"How truly unfortunate.\" He remarked dryly, cleaning his glasses, clearly unfazed. He took his time, and once they were properly cleaned, readjusted them and turned to his henchmen. \"Find the boy.\" He instructed. The two mercenaries dismounted. \"No!\" Rosa screamed, and made a move toward the short man, about to wring his neck. But she was quickly stopped by two of her girls, who grabbed her arms, holding her back for her own good. They whispered words of comfort to the frantic woman who had been a mother to them for so many years, while she struggled to break free. \"No!\" The men started their search in the rooms on the ground floor, upturning barrels, crates and baskets. Chickens hurried out of the mudstone apartments, followed by the contents of several drawers. Elton ignored the panicking mother, and turned his back to the women, gazing up at the armed men on the balconies. \"I have no quarrel with any of you.\" He told them. \"In fact, I have a proposal for you all to listen to.\" He rummaged through his pockets and held up a rolled up stack of dollar bills. \"The railroad promises an additional 1000 dollars to Cavendish' already existing bounty, to the outlaw that brings him to me!\" He turned around slowly, so every man on the high walls could see him, but none of them moved. \"My, my aren't you all a loyal pack of sheep? A 1000 dollars on top of his bounty, and clearance of all wrong doing! In essence, gentleman, you bring me Cavendish, and I'll turn you into a free and wealthy man.\" Now looks were exchanged among the criminals. \"Come on now.\" Elton pressed, smiling wickedly. \"Are you all scared of old Cavendish? Most of his history is just old wives' tales, you know. Not much of it is true.\" He shrugged, stuffing the money away. \"He's a mere product of good propaganda.\" \"Then how the hell did his bounty get that high?!\" One of the criminals called down from the wall. A wave of mumbling and chuckling arose among them. Elton rolled his eyes. \"Why on earth would you care? All it matters is that the railroad promises clearance and 6.000 dollars to the man catching him.. alive.\" The muttering continued. \"And the girl, of course. I know she was here. We have some business to arrange with young miss Hartley, I would very much appreciate her safe return.\" \"And what do we get if we get her to ye alive?\" the same criminal asked. Elton rolled his shoulders, smiling softly. \"A firm handshake..\" He said. \"But I bid you all to atleast try to make it look like an accident.\" The outlaws exchanged more looks. The fact Eleanor had no bounty could either mean two things. She never did anything wrong, and there was no reason to put a price on her head. Or no one cared about her safe return at all. And it didn't matter whether she lived or died. As double as the agent's explanation was, some of the criminals had clearly made up their mind and started descending the wooden staircases that lead into the courtyard. Horses were saddled and belongings were gathered. Some took off within minutes. In the meantime, Rosa's son had been successfully located, and was now dragged into the courtyard by his arm, by one of the mercenaries. The young boy struggled and cussed, kicking at the man's shin, but the man didn't let go, and the boy was brought to Elton, who studied the child as if he were a rare creature. \"The resemblance is truly uncanny.\" Elton remarked, giving Rosa meaningful look, she gazed back at him, her eyes spitting fire. \"Does he even know?\" she didn't answer, and looked away. \"I probably wouldn't have told him either had I been you.\" Elton continued. \"For all we know he could entertain the fancy of devouring his own offspring.\" \"You bastard!\" Rosa hissed at him, struggling to break free. The two mercenaries had taken her from the two girls that had tried to restrain her. They had been roughly pushed aside seconds earlier. \"You hurt him and he will come after you, and no one will be able to protect you!\" \"Oh, I highly doubt that.\" Elton sighed, cleaning a sharp bowie knife with his handkerchief. \"I do not expect Cavendish to be harbouring any paternal feelings for this child or any other he sired across these parts. No, my dear. I think I can pretty much do whatever I please.\" He twirled the knife around in his hand. \"Besides, all I need to know is where they went.\" Rosa shook her head, furious. \"I rather die!\" she cried at him. The agent tilted his head at her. \"I'm not sure you understand the situation.\" He looked down at the boy. \"You wouldn't be the one doing the dying.\" As Rosa's face paled at the frightened look in her young child's eyes, Elton kneeled down in front of the boy, the tip of his knife resting lightly against the child's soft skinned cheek. \"Where did they go, Rosa?\" Elton asked, staring into the boy's blue eyes, he was trembling, whimpering. \"Tell me.\" LLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL Bobby could outrun the faithful Annabel, and did so on Butch's command. The girl found herself riding ahead, the horizon in front of her. To her, it seemed like they were heading toward a vast open space of nowhere. But Butch's voice kept urging, calling out to her horse to keep going on full speed. She feared her mount would give out. The young horse snorted in agitation, foam covering his bridle, but Butch showed no signs they were about to stop. The terrain changed underneath their feet, plucks of courageous desert grass poked out from beneath the sand. The rocks became bigger, sturdier, causing her horse to trip now and then, but never lose its footing. In front her, the peeks of the mountains appeared, growing taller as their distance narrowed. Butch came up to her, his own horse exhausted. \"Ye go ahead. Up the pass. Yer horse gives out ye get off and hold on to his tail!\" He stopped, disappearing from her view. In panic, she pulled the reins as hard as she could, urging Bobby to come to a breezing halt. \"Ah said ride on!\" Butch called out to her angrily. \"But I don't know the way!\" she protested. \"What's going on?\" Butch took out his revolver, and cocked it while scanning the area they just came from. \"We're being followed.\" He said. \"Ah'll catch up with ye. Go!\" She tried to follow his gaze, a cloud of dust arising from the trail that lead them here. \"Can they catch us?\" she asked fearfully. \"Oh yea.\" He told her. \"Now go! Give him yer spurs, come on!\" Suddenly reminded she was wearing Frank's boots, she dug the iron spurs into Bobby's flanks, sending him flying forward. She looked over her shoulder at Butch, his horse turning in agitated circles as he awaited the unfortunate soul that had decided to track them here. Her attention was brought back to the road ahead as Bobby started slowing down and ascending the first hill, the gravel moving under his smooth hooves. She leaned forward in her saddle, grabbing on to his manes. Trying to avoid the cacti growing on the mountainside, the horse directed itself up. She had no idea how high she was supposed to go. \"Come on, Bobby!\" she told her mount, his ears turning toward her voice. \"You're doing great!\" when she was sure the animal couldn't climb any higher, she pulled the reins to stop him and got off clumsily, the loose rocks sliding away under her boots. She grabbed on to the horse, startling it in the process. He reared in uneasiness of standing on a mountainside, the ground beneath him feeling slippery to his hooves. \"It's okay! It's okay!\" she tried to calm him, and peered over his saddle at what was unfolding at the foot of the mountain. Butch was only a small dot, but the rider approaching him, followed by a cloud of dust, was getting closer on rapid speed. The attacker stopped suddenly, a good few feet away from the gang leader. Maybe words were exchanged, she had no idea. But when the unknown person fired a shot, Butch did the same. Both horses reared, but only the attacker's horse collapsed completely. The man, now trapped underneath his dead mount with one leg, could do nothing but struggle to break free. Another shot was fired, and the man moved no more. She watched the scene in horror, and buried her face into Bobby's manes, trying to fight back tears of fear and helplessness. It didn't take long before she could hear Butch's voice urging his horse up the mountainside. \"Git back on yer horse!\" He called out at her. She did as he asked, despite Bobby's panicking. \"We need te git goin'!\" Butch passed her, his horse somehow more adapt to climbing. He leaned over to grab Bobby's reins from her and tugged her along. \"Come on!\" \"Who was he?\" she asked, clinging on to her saddle. Butch didn't answer as he steered both horses toward the right, to a more doable path up the mountain. \"Was he one of the mercenaries?\" she asked again. The landscape changed gradually. Pine trees appeared left and right, sprouting out of the rocky side of the desert mountain. It wasn't until they reached a clear trail, leading up, that Butch let go of her horse's headpiece with a firm push to the right. \"Stay in front of me so ah can see ye!\" He instructed crudely. A little taken aback by the tone in his voice, she nodded shyly and urged her horse to take the lead. Thankfully, they continued the trail at a walking pace, granting their animals some rest, as well as themselves. It took another thirty minutes of riding, until Butch finally broke the silence. \"It aint never just one.\" He started. She looked over her shoulder at the sound of his voice. \"Excuse me?\" She asked, confused. \"It aint never just one that follows. Where there's one, more will come.\" He explained. \"Ah don't think he was one of the mercenaries. Ah think ah've seen his ugly mug before. He was one of Rosa's guards. Ah guess yer friend Elton promised these boys a bunch of smackers to git out there and git me.\" He let out a bitter chuckle. \"Ah'd like te see them try.\" She said nothing for a while, and allowed the information to process through her mind. Elton might be evil, but he wasn't stupid, she knew all about that. But she had never taken him for someone that would commit such lowlife deeds to get what he wanted. \"Are you alright?\" She asked after a while, not daring to look over her shoulder. To Butch, the whole shootout might have been a regular day in the desert, but she didn't like seeing him wrapped in a gunfight. \"Ahm fine.\" He mumbled. \"Ah might be a damn idiot in fistfights, but ahm still a pretty good shot. Ah guess someone should have told him that.\" He huffed. \"They all watched me get mah ass kicked by Jed, so ah guess they all thought ah forgot how te use mah guns as well.\" She smiled to herself, his lively mood comforting her, easing her fears. \"I suppose they all thought you're getting old, like Rosa did.\" She teased him lightly. \"Ah yea? Well, she should be the last one te complain about mah age.\" He bragged, causing her to roll her eyes. \"Ah don't ever hear Ray get this kinda shit about his years. And that old goon is a damn relic!\" she chuckled at the offended tone in his voice. \"So what do we do now? Where does this trail go?\" she asked, peering over her shoulder again. He gazed at her for a moment, obviously pondering on his answer. \"This here trail is gonna take us into Injun territory.\" He nodded to the top of the mountain. \"The North side of that hill is their hunting ground.\" She had paled slightly at his explanation, and followed his gaze up the mountain that suddenly seemed to loom over them. \"What Indians live there?\" she asked fearfully. He tilted his head, closing one eye in concentration. \"Well, that depends.\" He started. \"last time ah got 'ere it belonged to the Apache tribes. But their lands are next te the Tonkawa's, and they tend te piss eachother off for no reason, fight like damn dogs every now and then. So it might as well belong to them now, ah don't know.\" He shrugged, looking at her with a sheepish grin. \"Ye scared of the Injuns, Sharky?\" He wiggled his eyebrows teasingly. \"Scared yer gonna lose yer scalp?\" Embarrassed, she dropped her gaze. \"I don't know.\" She answered truthfully. \"Should I be?\" He shrugged again, uninterested. \"Nah. If they're Apaches we might hit a rough patch along the road. If they're Tonkawa's there shouldn't be a problem. They're alright. Got some history with them Tonkawa's. They know me pretty well.\" She frowned. \"They know you..in a good way or in a bad way?\" the question, that had meant little to her, seemed to mean a great deal to him, for his eyes met hers with a hardened look, like she had just insulted him beyond measure. \"Ah have no quarrel with those damn Tonkawa's! Do ah need te spell it out fer ye?!\" He snapped, snarling angrily. \"Mind yer own business. Stop prying! Eyes on the road and get movin'!\" \"But I wasn't..\" Startled at his sudden outburst, she shrunk a little, and decided to drop the subject and do as she was being told. Looking ahead of her, the forest surrounding them was getting thicker, and she took a moment to take in the sounds of the woods she hadn't heard in a while. Birds sung in the trees, and crickets ceased their music when they detected the vibrations of the horse's hooves as they passed by. Still climbing, the air got cooler, and she felt her lungs adjust to the cold. It was a dry, crisp chill, nothing like the damp cold she had experienced in the fort. Mountain air was supposed to be a lot better for you than the humid climate of the prairie, or so her grandfather had told her. She remembered a story from her mother, about a woman in Colby, moving to the mountains because her lungs were giving out on her. She had no idea if that woman was still alive. Or if her lungs indeed got better like the doctor had told her they would. In these sort of moments, in which Butch proved to be a social disaster when it came to small talk, it was usually Frank who kept her spirits up with a silly comment or story. And if he was occupied, there was Skinny who always smiled brightly at her, by lack of knowing what to say to a girl. For serious questions, she could go to Barret, and if she caught him on a good day, he would grace her with an actual answer too. On bad days, he pretended she didn't even exist. She never expected her time alone with the leader of the gang to be a fun road trip, but she hadn't expected him to be cruel to her either, not after their, rather awkward, moments of intimacy they shared last night. But they seemed to be completely lost on him, and that hurt her more than she would ever admit to herself. He was right. She needed to toughen up if she was to stand a chance out here. Perhaps that would start by being honest. \"I have a confession to make.\" She started, not looking over her shoulder at him, half expecting him to just ignore her. \"Don't we all..\" He mumbled gruffly, still in a foul mood. She sighed, this would have been easier if he had been his usual light-hearted self, but it seemed this was a part of Butch just as much as anything. \"I actually have no idea whatsoever how to handle a gun.\" She stated, and closed her eyes in anticipation of his reaction. \"I just told you I did, because I was afraid of you.\" He huffed with a half meant chuckle. \"well, ah suppose that explains a lot.\" He grumbled. \"Ye better drop that façade before it catches up on ye. Ah aint never met anyone who got better out of boasting about knowing how te handle a gun.\" She rolled her eyes at his, unsurprising, lecture. \"Yes, well.. I never expected this whole journey to happen when you showed up at my house. I decided to lie about it, so you would..keep your distance.\" \"Cuz ah was a real fright te have around while rollin' around in mah own vomit, yea, ah get ye.\" He bit back. Finding no sympathy, she said nothing, and regretted mentioning it altogether. \"Ah guess it's just gonna be sumthin' we have te remedy then, aint it?\" she didn't respond. \"Anythin' else ah need te know?\" she shook her head. \"Ye sure?\" She turned to him sharply, glaring at him angrily. He raised an eyebrow at her haughtily, mildly amused at her indignation. \"What?\" He asked innocently. \"Ye were on quite the little confession tour last night. Ah thought maybe they be needin' some alterations too.\" \"No, they don't!\" she shot at him, and would have folded her arms had she not been riding a horse, and her hands were needed to hold the reins. Unlike Paluxy, Frank's horse needed guidance, and a constant reminder that he was supposed to keep moving. A short silence followed, she was fuming, muttering incantations under her breath. Until she calmed, and let out a soft sigh. \"I kissed a boy when I was fourteen.\" She mumbled. \"What's that?\" He asked, twisting his finger in his ear tauntingly, pretending to be deaf. \"Come again, Sharky. Ah didn't catch that.\" She shot him another death glare over her shoulder, which he returned with a wink. \"I kissed a boy when I was fourteen.\" She said again, her eyes moving back to the road ahead of them. \"Or he kissed me.. actually. I had little to do with it, and I suppose I didn't really have a say in the matter either.\" He chuckled gruffly. \"Then ah hope fer yer sake ye twisted his nuts in ah knot for pullin' that stunt on ye.\" \"Of course I didn't.\" she huffed. \"Not everything needs a violent response.\" He rolled his shoulders backwards, his back getting sore from riding. \"Can't think of a better reason fer a violent response than that.\" He stated. \"Alright, tell me.. what was yer response? Miss proper manners.\" She hesitated for a moment. \"Well I.. I was fourteen. Not exactly the age of possessing the wisdom of knowing what to do in such a situation.\" She defended herself. \"I.. I didn't do anything. He came out of nowhere, and just grabbed me.. forcefully. He didn't mean any harm just.. playful banter, I suppose.\" Butch said nothing, and just listened. \"He was one of those cowboys, you know. Cow herders. They were in town after a long journey and.. they drank a lot.\" She had no idea why she was defending the young man's actions right now, he had frightened her out of her wits that day, and his rude behaviour deserved punishment, or atleast correction. \"There was a fair going on and I was there with a couple of friends of mine, other girls from the settlements that surrounded our farm. And well he.. he was there too and he grabbed me, pulled me into an alley, and kissed me. So there's that.\" She looked over her shoulder coldly. \"There's your alteration. Are you happy now?\" He gazed at her impassively, tilting his head in thought, but refrained from speaking. There was no reason to answer her rhetorical question whether he was happy or not with the outcome of her story. \"I'm sure it happens to a lot of girls.\" She assured herself, her eyes nailed to the road again. \"Colby can be quite a rough place. That why we didn't live there. That's why we lived out of town. Away from all that.\" His silence made her feel cornered, and she drew the conclusion he condemned the way she had reacted to the whole situation. \"Don't tell me you've never done such a thing.\" She said bitingly. \"Ah sure aint never manhandled a fourteen year old girl.\" He spoke up for himself. \"And how old was this addle-headed beef chasing buckaroo?\" \"Older than me. By a long shot. I think he was nineteen or something?\" She answered. He clicked his tongue in displeasure, but said nothing. \"Should I have been more angry?\" she asked carefully. \"What would you do? Alert the sheriff? Mister Reid is too busy for things like that. They happen all the time. Don't they?\" she looked over her shoulder at him with a pleading look. \"Don't they?\" \"Sure, Sharky.\" He told her after a short silence. \"No big deal.\" He averted his eyes from her face in uneasiness. \"We should get ourselves a place to camp for tonight. We're losing the light.\" He urged his horse forward, passing her, and taking the lead instead. R&R; please![Chapter 25] TeiyusTeki: 1: Old…Married…Couple.. 2: Every self-respecting western story needs a good suave asshole, don't you think? Thank you for your compliments! As much as we're all supposed to hate him, Henry Elton is so much fun to write with. Thanks for all the reviews, favs and follows! Chapter 25 Only white men make a fire everyone can see. She clearly remembered her grandfather's words about campfires. Taught to him by the Apache man he travelled with a long time ago, long before her grandmother came into his life. And so, whenever Eleanor joined her grandfather on his annual coon hunts, every spring, she watched in amazement as he build them a campfire so smoke free and low to the still cool ground, no one would ever notice they had been there. Little ashes was found when morning came, but it had kept them warm throughout the night anyway. And now, she was staring into the same low burning flames she remembered from her childhood, from her fond memories of spending time with her grandfather out in the vast open spaces of the prairie, where he taught her to navigate by the stars. Butch had built the same Indian fire. To remain unnoticed in a land not his own. Shortly after setting up camp, giving her both Bobby's and Annabel's saddle blankets to sit on, the gang leader had left her to collect their supper in the breaking light of the fading day. Surrounded by the calmly grazing horses, making their gentle, breezing munching sounds as they roamed around the campsite freely, she found time to think, and take out the book Rosa had given her. She used to love books, devouring every novel Colby's general store had lying about. But now the words she read, and tried to store in her mind, seemed lost to her. Somehow they didn't stick, and every line had to be read atleast three times before she understood what they meant. Her mind was distracted. Torn from the ability to escape reality to wonder around in a world of imagination. Something snapped behind her, and she quickly looked over her shoulder, into the pitch dark of the surrounding forests, only to hear the sound again, and never able to see where it came from. But the horses seemed undisturbed, and so she trusted it was nothing worth worrying about. Giving up, she shoved the faded book back into her saddle bags, and decided to listen to the sounds of the woods instead, making them her own. She scanned their little campsite, quickly set up and improvised. She hadn't even noticed Butch had left his gun behind. His entire gun belt, bullets and all, placed over his saddle carelessly. She blinked in confusion. Apparently he considered himself skilled enough to go out hunting without a gun. She hesitated, then reached over to slowly wind her fingers around the faded wooden grip of the old revolver, pulling it out of its black, leather holster carefully, gingerly, like she expected the weapon to go off out of nowhere. It felt heavy in her small hand, her wrist protesting against the weight it was forced to carry. She didn't know if it was loaded or not, and she had no idea how to open the chamber to count the bullets. Now holding the worn out gun in both her hands, one around the grip, the other supporting the haggard barrel, she studied it in the fading light of the low burning campfire. Her mother always did the shooting. Her two barrelled shotgun locked in a case in her bedroom, only to be taken out when coyotes threatened the chicken pen, or when rabbits needed to be killed for supper. The rancher's wife had forbidden her husband to teach his daughter how to handle a gun, and so, the young girl was left unable to defend herself now. She wondered if Butch was ever planning on teaching her how to use it. Or maybe, like with most things she had encountered on her travels so far, she was supposed to teach herself. Slowly, carefully, she cocked the gun, making it click four times before locking. Click C. click O. click L. click T. The only revolver to reveal its maker by the sound it made when you cocked the hammer. She aimed at the black wall in front of her, beyond the campfire, pine trees and thick woods surrounding her. She inhaled slowly, her breathing shaky, before exhaling white ghosts of cold fog. Her hand trembled, the gun too heavy, so she placed her other hand underneath the grip, to steady the weapon as she aimed it at the darkness. She wound her trembling finger around the smooth iron of the trigger, feeling her heart beat in her throat. It was as if the forest held its breath for what was about to come, for the sounds had died away. The crickets had ceased their song, and the wind made the tree tops move no more. This gun had ended countless lives. She wasn't aware of how many, and she would never dare ask, but it felt like holding a number of souls in the palm of her hand that would never be given back. Yet, she felt like pulling the trigger, like something whispered in her ears to just do it, all it took was a little twitch of her finger. She moved the trigger toward her for half an inch, the iron material loose in some places. Everything else seemed forgotten, every other sound had disappeared, and all she saw was the front sight at the end of the barrel, pointed at the vast black unknown beyond. She didn't even realize she had gotten up from the ground, standing on top of her horse's saddle blanket. \"What ye aimin' at?\" She jumped at his voice, giving out a probably pathetic sounding shriek, as she spun around to basically bump into Butch's chest. He had been standing right behind her, curiously peering over her shoulder to detect what she had decided on that needed killing, and he had done so without making a single sound. \"Holy mother of Jesus!\" she called out, stepping back from him, a hand to her heart. \"Why would you sneak up on someone like that?!\" He said nothing, slightly surprised at her reaction. \"I could have killed you!\" she cried out, exasperated, holding up his gun. He took it from her slowly, decocking the revolver calmly. \"Yea, ye could have.\" He told her. \"Could have killed me with mah own piece. And ah told ye how embarrassing that is.\" He chuckled softly. \"What were ye aimin' at anyway? A suspicious looking squirrel?\" \"At nothing.\" She stated, realizing how stupid that sounded. \"I was just.. curious.\" He stared at her. \"About what?\" She sighed, embarrassed, and frustrated with herself. \"About the gun.\" She explained, looking at the revolver in his calloused hands. \"Your gun.\" She continued. \"You left it behind and I.. I don't know.. I was drawn to it somehow. I can't explain it.\" He nodded, toying with the weapon for a moment before opening the chamber, letting the bullets fall into the palm of his hand. \"Well, next time ye get curious about guns, Sharky.\" He closed the chamber and tossed the gun back at her. \"Make sure ye remove the bullets first.\" She caught the gun rather clumsily. \"Ye don't want te go and make unnecessary ruckus with the Injuns nearby.\" \"I don't know how to do that.\" She stated dryly, ignoring his warning about Indians as she shoved the gun back into its black holster. \"My mother forbid me to handle any weapons. If anything needed killing, she or my father, when he was still alive, would take care of it.\" Butch didn't reply, and sat himself down on his own blanket, his knife between his teeth as he placed a young muskrat in front of him. She watched him skin the animal with his fast, skilful hands, placing the soft brown coat over a rock to dry. \"ye ever had muskrat before?\" he asked after a while. \"Well, my grandfather used to hunt them for their pelts. But he usually fed the meat to the dogs.\" She explained. \"He said rats aren't meant to be eaten by humans.\" \"Damn shame.\" Butch mumbled, quickly setting up a spit to roast the animal above the low burning fire. \"It makes fer a fine meal if yer too lazy to go out and do some real hunting like mahself.\" He chuckled. \"Damn animals are slow as Hell, even ye could catch one. Ah might let ye do that tomorrow, if we haven't reached Standin' Faith yet.\" With a slightly grossed out expression, she peered at the drying coat of fur, slowly turning the rock red with blood, shimmering in the light of the flames. \"Standing Faith?\" she asked. \"Another outlaw town?\" He shook his head, turning the spit around slowly. \"Nah, nuthin' but good Christian folks out there.\" He declared with a mischievous grin. \"If ye know where te look.\" She frowned in confusion. \"And how on earth is it that you can walk into a town like that, and not get arrested?\" He chuckled darkly. \"Ah wish the next coot all the luck in te world tryin' te get me arrested in that there town, Sharks. Ain't no Sheriff gonna come out of his chair to read the law te me, for there aint no Sheriff gutsy enough te do so.\" She said nothing, watching the skinned muskrat being slowly turned above the crackling fire, the smell of cooked meat filled her nostrils, making her stomach growl involuntarily. \"Good place to get some supplies before movin' up the plains.\" Butch continued, seemingly undisturbed. \"We need te get ye a proper jacket or yer gonna freeze te death.\" She looked up at him, suddenly feeling cold, and drew the dusty saddle blanket around her shoulders tightly together. His torn coat didn't look all that sufficient for winter either. \"What about you? Won't you get cold?\" He shook his head, making a face. \"Ah don't feel the cold no more.\" He mumbled, and sliced off a piece of meat to taste it. He nodded in agreement. \"That sucker is done. Alright, git over here cause ahm not about te throw it at ye. Don't want te attract no animals by tossin' meat around the place.\" She got up from her spot and sat down beside him. The place at his side warmer because of the presence of another human being. He handed her a piece of meat almost too hot to hold, and she juggled with it, blowing on her fingers until it was cooled enough to chew. Whatever her grandfather's reasons had been for not consuming the meat of the muskrats he killed, she was pretty sure they were for moral purposes, cause the taste was fine. But perhaps that was just because of her violent hunger. She gobbled away her chunk faster than the gang leader himself, and gazed longingly at the rest of the animal on the spit. \"Ah told ye it was good.\" Butch mumbled amusedly, handing her his knife. \"Help yerself. Careful with that thing, it's sharp as a razor.\" Albeit clumsily, she got her second piece of meat, and munched on it contently, her body finally refilled with fuel to warm up again. A pleasant heat coursed through her frozen limbs, making her drowsy. She leaned back against the same thick tree that supported Butch's back as well, her hunger satisfied. Side by side, they gazed into the flames, and listened to the fire's calm crackling. He didn't eat half as much as she did, never taking seconds, and it seemed the whole dinner party was more for her sake than his own. \"So should one of us stay awake or something? Stand watch?\" she broke the silence, and at the way he jumped at the sound of her voice, he had obviously dozed off. He shifted a little, letting out a tired sigh. \"Are ye volunteerin'?\" he chuckled gruffly. \"Well, I wouldn't know what to do if something would happen. I don't believe I'm much good as a night watch.\" She argued, feeling him roll over, his back to her as he lay down on his side. \"Get some sleep, Sharky. Nuthin' te worry about.\" He mumbled into his blanket. \"Snakes are all asleep this tahm a year. If there was Apaches around we'd know about it already.\" She wasn't convinced. \"What about coyotes? Wolves?\" he didn't reply. \"Bears?\" \"There are no damn bears in the desert.\" He growled. \"Fire keeps the coyotes away. Ye want te stay up all night te make sure it don't go out, be mah guest. But ahm takin' the next damn dream train.\" The annoyance in his voice was a clear warning to her to not push it any further, and so she rested her case, despite her fear of the unknown surrounding them. She lay down, close to him, the heat of his body beckoning her close, as she was eager to get more warmth. He was out like a light within minutes, yet sleep didn't fancy taking her, and she remained awake long after the outlaw had drifted off. The sounds of the woods drew out the sound of his calm breathing, which had been the soothing rhythm that had helped her sleep the other night. But then again, locked in his arms, pressed against his chest, sleeping hadn't been that hard. It seemed so long ago now, almost a faded memory, one he obviously didn't care to rekindle. Rolled onto her back, her head resting on Frank's smooth leather saddle, she gazed up at the tree tops, her breath visible in the cool night air. She watched the moon rise until she casted her light right down upon the two people resting among the trees. With the winter stars standing watch, the girl dressed in man's clothes, drifted off to sleep. She was roughly awakened by a hand pressed over her mouth, and Butch's gruff voice, barely above a whisper, close to ear. \"Keep still.\" He instructed. \"We got company.\" she had rolled onto her side in her sleep, and the gang leader's weight pressed her belly into the hard surface as he forced her to remain as still as possible. He remained there, until he felt her heartbeat slow down, her first state of shock behind her. Assured that she wouldn't give a sound, he slowly removed his calloused hand. Her eyes, still adjusting to the dark, switched from left to right, trying to see what threatened them. Butch reached for his gun, pulling it soundlessly out of its holster, and cocked it back slowly, while he peered into to blackness like an animal watching its prey. \"Ah know yer there!\" Butch called into the dark. \"Come out and show yerself!\" Through the smoke of the dying campfire, she watched the silhouette of a man calmly approach them. His steps were light, and soundless, like he had learned to walk by watching deer pass through the trees. As he came closer, his face illuminated by the crackling coals, his Indian features were hard to miss. His long grey hair curtained his old, gaunt face. And his eyes showed wisdom, and tranquillity, despite walking up to the barrel of a loaded revolver. He had a buffalo fur wrapped around his narrow shoulders, and seemed unarmed. Still laying on the ground, Eleanor peered up at the ancient Indian man in silent awe, and creeping fear. Their eyes met, and although he showed no emotion, she felt her heart skip a beat at his imposing presence. \"Red Elk, Goddammit.\" Butch complained, shoving his gun back into its holster in an agitated manner. \"Ah swear te God ahm gonna blow yer brains allover the damn forest one day.\" He got up from the ground, brushing off the sand and twigs, and adjusted his gun belt around his waist. \"Te hell were ye thinkin' sneakin' up on me like that?\" The old Indian man slowly averted his eyes away from the girl, to look at the outlaw, only slightly taller than himself. \"Had I sneaked.\" Red Elk spoke calmly. \"You would not have heard me.\" Butch rolled his eyes, his hands in his sides, as he shifted his weight from one leg to the other. \"Whut do ye want?\" \"Men entered our lands, four days ago, killed buffalo, took pelts and left carcasses to rot. I'm looking for them.\" Red Elk explained with his thick accent. \"I knew you would return to our lands when winter came. I have seen the signs that foretold your coming.\" Looking slightly uncomfortable, Butch gazed back at the old Indian. \"Ah had nuthin' te do with yer buffalo. Hell, there's easier things te kill.\" He growled. \"And ah haven't seen any hunters passing through either. Yer barkin' up te wrong tree as usual, old man.\" Red Elk said nothing, and his deep set eyes slowly went back to the young woman trying to become invisible on the old saddle blanket. \"Word spread, you took a woman away from her family. I see the word was true.\" Red Elk stated, his voice void of any emotion despite the rather controversial subject. \"It will snow soon.\" He continued, looking up at the sky casually, his movement slow and calculated, like his spine was made out of glass. \"We intend te be in Standin' Faith when the snow starts. Wait out the storm, continue up the plains to Pine's creek. Meeting mah men there in three days.\" Butch explained. \"Ah have nuthin' te say about the girl.\" His warning glare didn't seem to faze the ancient man, and the Indian continued peering up at the tree tops, like all they were discussing was the weather. \"I remember a story of our people. About a coyote protecting a three year old child from a mountain lion.\" Red Elk started. \"There was nothing in it for the coyote, other than the child's respect once he grew into a man.\" He paused for a moment, bringing his head down slowly, to gaze at the criminal once more. \"What do you hope to gain out of this endeavour?\" Still trying to go unnoticed, Eleanor sat up on the blanket slowly, her arms wrapped around her knees as she studied the outlaw's curious behaviour. He was almost like a child getting scolded by his father, fidgeting with the lapels on his coat, and looking everywhere but into the old man's eyes. \"Ah good night's sleep would have been great, Red Elk.\" Butch sneered, kicking away a small pebble with the tip of his snake leather boots. \"But ah might as well stop tryin' te get any damn peace around ere' and make some coffee.\" Red Elk nodded in agreement. \"Coffee would be good right now.\" Inviting himself to join in, he delicately sat himself down onto a rock by the fire. Eleanor felt his eyes burn into her skull as he studied her curiously. When their eyes locked, it was by accident on her part, but it seemed to be something he had been waiting for. She tried to smile, uneasily so, but he didn't return the gesture, so she dropped her gaze again, fearing she was forgetting about rules she wasn't aware of in the first place. \"What do they call you?\" His question was directed at her. She cleared her throat nervously. \"Eleanor Christina Angela Hartley.\" She summed up her complete Christian name for what it was worth. \"Sir..\" she added politely. He nodded, wrapped in thought, as he gazed into the burning embers. When Butch joined them, obviously in a foul mood, he clanked down a rusty coffee pot on a flat rock, and grabbed a stick to poke up the dying fire. \"Ah guess we're goin' te have a social get together over here. Red Elk, meet Eleanor, the farmer's daughter ah forcefully dragged across the prairie, or whatever the Hell it is they say ah did. Eleanor, meet Red Elk, chief of the Tonkawa's, and infamous for inviting himself to sit at campfires that aren't his.\" \"A campfire shared, is a campfire well used.\" Red Elk confirmed, nodding in agreement with himself. \"This also counts for coffee.\" \"Ah bet it does, ye old thieving featherhead.\" Butch grumbled, still poking up the fire underneath the coffee pot. \"Where's the rest of yer war whoopin' bush creepers anyhow? Yer gonna scare away the buffalo hunters on yer own by robbin' them off their coffee too?\" \"I see you extended your knowledge on the vocabulary used to describe my people. I wonder, what else you learned during your extensive travels.\" Red Elk almost sneered. \"If it is all this impressive, I am in for a very fascinating evening, which is something to be grateful for at my age.\" Eleanor couldn't help but giggle softly at the chief's sassy comeback, and received a warning glare from the gang leader, telling her to be quiet. \"Don't get cocky with me, Red Elk.\" Butch mumbled, pouring some of the hot, thick liquid into a cup, handing it to the old man. \"Before that girl starts thinkin' ye might actually know what yer talkin' about.\" The outlaw handed a cup to Eleanor, who thanked him with a small smile, something that was obviously picked up by the old chief's keen eyes. \"We should cherish youth.\" He spoke wisely. \"But trust old age.\" He winked at the shy young woman, and gave her the lightest of smiles, the many wrinkles in his face becoming more prominent. \"Yea well..ahm no spring chicken, chief. Ah think ah know what ahm doin'\" Butch mumbled gruffly, chucking back his own cup of coffee impatiently. Red Elk seemed to think about that statement for a moment, before nodding slowly. \"Apache tribes took back the North side of this mountain last winter.\" The old man explained, pointing at the grey, rocky peak of the mountain, standing out in the moonlight, against a much darker, clear sky. \"We have not retaken it yet.\" He continued. \"Many of my tribesmen think I should try and take it back from the Apache, but I think, we are more benefited by peace than war.\" He was quiet for a moment. \"And this side of the mountain is much nicer anyway. I'm sure the Apache agree. They would trade lands if I offered them. But I won't.\" Butch shook his head in boredom. \"Still the ramblin' old crook ye always were.\" He grumbled. \"Some things don't change, huh?\" \"It would not be wise to bring this woman into Apache territory.\" Red Elk said. \"With only you to protect her. Unless you plan on selling her.\" \"Oh go chase yerself..\" Butch protested, slightly offended. \"Ah aint never dealt in women. There's easier things te kill, and there's certainly easier things to sell too.\" He chuckled. Red Elk nodded in agreement, and took a calm sip from his coffee. \"When I told my tribesmen I had seen signs of your return, and I was going out to talk to you, many advised against it.\" He spoke, dismissing the last subject. \"They don't think an evil spirit can be reasoned with. But I think, it is better to try and speak to an evil spirit than ignore it.\" He gazed at the gang leader vacantly. \"It might just be in need of guidance. And we should always lend guidance to those that are lost.\" Butch scoffed. \"Ahm gettin' so fed up with this evil spirit bullshit, ye have no idea.\" Red Elk nodded again. \"I know. But most spirits go through life without ever realizing their spiritual value.\" He explained. \"It is not very hard to see. Especially not when we look at the people surrounding them. Those that are drawn to the spirits, and those that are warded off.\" Butch followed the old chief's gaze to the girl beside him, slowly nodding off while her head rested against a tree, her cup only half empty. Not even the strongest coffee could have kept her awake. It was late, and she was tired, not used to travelling and living outdoors. He knew he was exhausting her, but there was no helping it now. \"She probably don't fear me half as much as she should..\" Butch mumbled. \"But ah owe that girl, chief.\" Red Elk visibly welcomed the silence that followed, and encouraged it until he had found the right answer. \"The coyote did not protect the child because he thought he owed it. He protected the child because he knew this deed would repay itself when the child grew up.\" He started carefully, rubbing his chin in thought. \"We often mistake favours for good deeds. But only so many of them come from the heart. The ones that do, repay themselves in other ways.\" The gang leader said nothing, growing weary with the heavy subject. He sighed tiredly, and leaned back against the tree, careful not to stir the girl from her sleep. \"Ah was never good at deciphering yer injun bull talk..\" He complained gruffly. \"Knowin' ye as well ah do yer probably aint givin' me a pep talk, are ye?\" Red Elk said nothing, for everything he needed to say, had been said, and the old chief wasn't one to repeat his lessons. \"Thought so..\" Butch concluded. \"Alright, what do ye want me te do about those buffalo hunters of yers?\" R&R;![Chapter 26] Sorry for the late update, guys! I'm fine, no worries! Just had a lot on my mind lately. Thanks for the concern, it's very much appreciated. And of course thanks for the reviews, favs and follows! Enjoy! Chapter 26: She woke at the sound of an eagle, soaring high above the tree tops. His long drawn screeches announced the sight of food, or the call for a mate. She listened to him for a while, trying to find out where he was exactly. When she was sure he would show himself between the swaying tree tops, she opened her tired eyes, well timed for the bird soared right over her. She smiled at her small victory, her little game taking away the weight of reality the way books no longer could. Now the eagle had flown over, his sounds disappearing in the distance, she moved her thoughts to the here and now. It was still early, she recognized the smell of just after daybreak. A horse shook its head, making its bridle jangle like bells. The crackling of the reawakened campfire almost lulled her back to sleep, spreading its welcome warmth. The sweet smell of smoke filled her nostrils while she attempted to stir herself from her drowsiness. Then finally after mustering the strength and willpower, she sat up slowly, smoothing back her hair as she yawned and looked around. Butch was saddling the horses, his back turned to her, and unaware of her awakening. There was no trace of the old Indian man, and for a moment she wondered if his visit had been a dream, but the area around the campfire counted three empty tin cups, betraying the chief's appearance had been real. \"Goodmorning..\" she said, speaking cordially to Butch's back. He shot her a quick look over his shoulder, but then turned back to what he was doing, as if there was little time to waste. \"Mornin'\" He said amusedly. \"Finally decided te join the wakin' world again, huh?\" A little embarrassed, she looked away. She must have looked like a child going past its bedtime last night. Humiliating, and not to mention rude toward the Indian chief that had paid them a late night visit. \"I was very tired. I didn't mean to let you do all the work. Is there anything I can do?\" she let her eyes roam the campsite, but it seemed he had everything under control. He didn't answer her question either. \"Where's the Indian man?\" she asked, trying to remember his name. Done adjusting the saddle of his horse, Butch turned to her. \"Red Elk.\" He reminded her gently. \"He's around here somewhere, still lookin' for those buffalo boys, ah reckon.\" She blinked, the memory of the conversation that had taken place between the chief and the gang leader slowly coming back to her. While she tried to remember every detail of the night before, he poured her a cup of fresh coffee and handed her the mug. She thanked him with a smile, but he refrained from returning the favour. \"I'm sorry I fell asleep.\" She said after the first sip, the bitter strong taste, although aiding her in fully returning to the world of the living, was unkind to her tongue. The warm mug felt pleasant to her cold hands, and she shivered lightly against a rush of cold air. The forest was cooling off at rapid speed. Winter had set in, and it wouldn't be long before the snow would start to fall. \"Ahh, don't worry about it.\" Butch said, waving away her worry. \"It wouldn't be the first tahm that damn injun put people te sleep with his goddamn babblin'\" Hesitating for a moment, he slowly sat down next to her on the blanket, letting out a dramatic, strenuous groan at bending his stiff joints. She chuckled at his antics, the comical way he had plopped himself down. \"Anyways, I don't know how much ye picked up on his rattlin', but he wants mah help with those boys.\" Taking another deep swig from the hot coffee, she looked at him from over the rim of her rusty tin mug. \"Are you going to kill them?\" she asked carefully. \"I thought you weren't for hire.\" He pursed his lips in thought, narrowing his eyes. \"Ah make a pretty damn good navigator to ye though. Might change mah mind on the hirin' part yet and decide te charge ye fer this little road trip. How does three bucks a mile sound te ye?\" \"Like theft.\" She scoffed. He chuckled gruffly at her answer, amused by her spunk. \"There's a creek down there.\" he said, pointing downhill. \"In case ye want te wash up er anythin'\" Where there's muskrats, there's water. She clearly remembered her grandfather's words, and they had always held truth, just like today. Now offered the chance to bathe, she attempted to wrap her mind around it, washing had seemed so insignificant the past days. She had been travelling with a group of men that didn't care about personal hygiene for so long, she had started to not care about it herself. \"And you'll be here with a set of binoculars I reckon?\" she sneered. He just chuckled. \"What makes ye so sure ye got somethin' ah haven't seen yet, huh?\" He sneered back. Letting out an indignant huff, she looked away from his taunting stare, there was no outsmarting him, and she didn't even know why she still tried. Sensing her defeat, he chuckled again. \"Bring yer gun when ye go down there so ye can shoot at the injuns hidin' in the bushes with their binoculars.\" Fed up with his insensitive jokes, she downed the rest of her coffee, got up, and dramatically flung her gun belt over her shoulder before stomping away in anger, in the direction of the creek. The frozen leaves cracked under her boots, making a silent thread impossible. She followed the sound of the running water, while the way through the tightly packed together young trees got steeper by the minute, until she finally caught sight of the small but vastly running stream of clean water. Not exactly bathing material, but it was too cold for such a thing now anyway. A quick wash up was all it could offer, and it would have to do for now. She placed her gun belt over a wet rock and started unbuttoning her vest and shirt. While stripping down, she realized she forgot to bring something to dry off with. She sighed in annoyance with herself as she hung her, or rather Frank's, top garments on a nearby tree branch, leaving the bottom parts undisturbed. She wasn't about to go skinny dipping with the gang leader nearby. Even though he had ensured her privacy, he could be unpredictable in his ways of dealing with such matters. And so, to avoid provoking any ungentlemanly behaviour, she would be satisfied with just a quick rinse of her upper body for now. Sitting on her knees at the water side, she cupped her hands into the stream to splash water on her face and chest. The near freezing temperature made her shiver, the tiny hairs on her arms stood up as goose bumps formed, yet the feeling of being clean again made it bearable. She rinsed out her hair as well as she possibly could, letting the long, wet strands glide through her fingers, untangling every knot they encountered. While she gazed at her rippling reflection in the clear water, the feeling that she was not alone slowly creeped into the back of her mind. Unmoving, she let her eyes roam the waterfront in search of any life forms, only to find out she was sharing her morning drink with a lone coyote, standing on the other side, a little to her left, quenching its thirst in a calm, yet guarded, way. He seemed to have noticed her before she did him, and kept a watchful eye on her every movement while his long tongue scooped up the water. His oversized ears moved back and forth, scanning the area behind him for sounds that could betray the presence of a possible predator. She watched the animal in silent observation, his presence calming. If he deemed this place safe enough to drink, why wouldn't she? After all, he was much better equipped to scan their surroundings than she. Somehow, they locked eyes at one moment, and she felt a shiver run down her spine noticing the animal's eyes were a sky blue, as blue as the ones she had seen in her dreams, as blue as the eyes of the man she travelled with, and unwillingly had put her trust in. She hadn't realized she had stopped breathing, and inhaled sharply as the animal licked its lips, water dripping down its snout. \"Why do you keep following me..\" she asked softly, more to herself than the coyote. The animal lowered its head, staring at her curiously, like he peered straight into her soul. Then he looked at his right, up on the ridge above them, its ears moved forward in full attention. She followed his gaze. A wagon pulled by four mules slowly made its way across the ridge, three men on horseback followed in a steady pace, she and the animal went unnoticed through the thick population of pine trees on the cliff side, sheltering the stream and the ones using it. The deep wagon was piled high with buffalo hides, some still dripping blood, creating a trail easy to follow. She realized these were the hunters the old Indian man had been looking for. When she looked back at the coyote, it had vanished into thin air, leaving no paw prints in the muddy sand of the banks. She didn't have much time to be amazed by her vision, whether it had been a real animal, or a trick of her food and rest deprived mind, it didn't matter now. She quickly dressed and ran back toward the campsite. \"I've seen them!\" she called, coming to a halt next to a hunched over Butch, his hand resting on his horse's flank, like he needed something to hold onto. At first, she thought he was looking at the underside of the animal for some reason. But when she got around him, she noticed his other hand rested on his abdomen, his eyes shut tightly. \"Are.. are you alright?\" she asked carefully. He straightened his back immediately, his spine letting out involuntary knacks at the harsh movement. \"Ahm fine.\" He mumbled, panting like he had just ran a mile. \"What did ye see, Sharky?\" She blinked, but decided not to push the subject, knowing him a little by now. \"I saw the buffalo hunters. The ones Red Elk is looking for?\" He nodded a little, gazing at her tiredly. \"They're moving east, up the ridge. They didn't see me.\" \"We'll follow them.\" He said. \"At a distance, slow pace. They're goin' the same way as us anyway. We'll take em by nightfall.\" \"Why not now?\" she suggested. \"And get it over with. Honestly, I don't feel much for travelling in the trail dust of some low life poachers for a whole day. If I'm going to be forced to watch these men die, then let's get it over it, please.\" He shook his head. \"Ah can't, Sharky. Not now.\" He gazed at her almost pleadingly. \"Gotta take it easy right now. Ah'll put on a show fer ye tonight, ah promise.\" Her worried expression made him drop his gaze, as if he was embarrassed by her concern. \"What's wrong?\" she asked again, pressing him despite knowing better. But he refused to let her in, and tried to move past her, halted only when she placed her hand on his arm. \"Please tell me.\" She half expected him to snap at her, move her hand away angrily, but he didn't, and simply gazed at her wearily. \"Ain't nuthin' te worry about.\" He explained. \"Just a cramp in mah gut. Feels like ah've been drinkin' half a gallon of ice water, er somethin'\" For a moment, all she could do was stare at him, her mind flashing back to the blue eyed coyote gulping away its thirst at the waterfront. But she shook herself out of it quickly, deeming it unworthy, not to mention stupid, to mention it. All this talk about spirits, animals and Indian medicine was altering her perception of reality. Men had gone nuts in these parts before, she knew the stories. \"Well..\" she started, rubbing her arms nervously. \"Why don't you.. put something warm in it? Coffee or.. anything.\" She suggested. \"That might help.\" He made a face. \"Do me a favour and don't mention food er drinks for a while, alright?\" with that, he turned away from her, back to his horse to fasten the last strap of its saddle. Slightly taken aback by his sudden crude tone, she cleared her throat in uneasiness, and decided to see if Bobby was ready to go. They would be departing shortly, or they would lose most of the light of day during their journey. She halted seeing her mount, dressed in its bridle, but no saddle on its back. \"Ehm..\" she started, looking over her shoulder. Butch mounted his faithful mare slower than usual, letting out a strenuous moan as he climbed into the saddle. \"You forgot my horse's saddle.\" She noted shyly. \"Ah didn't forget anythin'\" Butch started. \"Ah want ye to ride that animal without a saddle for a while. Get used to the feel of a horse under ye.\" He chuckled softly at her crestfallen expression. \"Ye'll thank me later, Sharky, trust me. Ah know a thing or two about ridin' horses.\" \"How can you expect me to.. I can't even get on up there without the help of a stirrup!\" she protested in exasperation, not believing he could make this decision just like that. \"How can it be beneficial to my knowledge of riding horses if I can't even get up on the horse?!\" \"Ye didn't even try it yet!\" Butch barked back, slightly agitated at her small hissy fit. \"Ye gonna go through life sayin' ye can't do nuthin' without even tryin' first, yer gonna create so many goddamn problems for yerself all ye can do is sit in a chair and knit socks!\" she was quiet, dropping her eyes to the floor like a child being scolded. \"Get on the goddamn horse er ah'll make ye walk the entire damn way!\" He hollered, like he was threatening one of his men. The tone in his voice left no room for negotiation, and she knew at that point it was a bad idea to keep up the argument. Right now, she was to do as she was told. Turning toward the high legged chestnut stallion, she silently wondered how she was ever going to pull this off. \"Wrap the right rein around your hand, and grab a fistful of his manes.\" Butch instructed in a calm voice, his anger completely forgotten. \"Place yer other hand on his lower back.\" As she followed his instructions, she half expected Bobby to change positions, just to make it harder on her. But the animal seemed to sense her inexperience, and remained still. \"Push yerself up.\" The gang leader continued. \"Come on, put yer back into it.\" She was certain this was the hardest part of the whole assignment, and she attempted a pathetic little jump, landing with her stomach across the horse. Like a sheep rolled onto its back, she was stuck. \"Swing yer leg over him.\" Butch's impatient tone didn't help either. Feeling the horse getting restless underneath her, she lightly panicked. \"He's going to run off with me like this!\" she squeaked. \"He's gonna do no such thing. Get on with it now. Swing yer leg over him.\" The outlaw said \"Steady..\" He spoke to the horse, giving her time to swing her leg over the animal with the little strength she had left. Finally, her weight could be lifted from her poor stomach, and she sat up, breathing heavily, reins in hand and facing the horizon. Triumphant, she looked at Butch, who tilted his head with a sly grin on his face. \"Told ye ah knew ah thing er two about horse ridin'\" He pointed at the rocky trail in front of them. \"That way, miss Buckaroo.\" She was pretty sure her new title was given out of sarcasm. After all, a Buckaroo was a well experienced trail hand. A cowboy, living in the saddle for most of his life. But he could have chosen a more taunting name, and so she forgave him. She nudged Bobby's flanks with the spurs on Frank's boots, urging him forward in a clumsy matter. It deserved no award in elegance, but it did the trick anyway. The gang leader followed behind her in a slow walk, letting her take the lead even though she had no idea where they were going. There was no real road to follow. No path that had been previously cleared. And she wondered how Butch managed to navigate himself through the thick pine forest, in slow pursued of the hunters. For a while, no conversation took place. Their journey spend in silence. And even though it made her feel awkward, and much like a burden the outlaw didn't feel much for carrying around, she tried to ignore it as much as possible, and occupied herself with the various kinds of trees they passed. There weren't many trees where she came from. The dry prairie didn't give much, and so, many plants not as sturdy as the desert grasses, died shortly after being planted. Her mother's endless prayers for a bountiful harvest of home grown vegetables remained unanswered season after season. When the sun was at its highest point, and they had been riding for atleast three hours, Butch ushered his horse next to hers. She looked at him, expecting him to start a conversation, but his gaze was pointed at her leg. Growing uncomfortable with his staring, she cleared her throat. \"What's wrong?\" she asked. \"I know I'm riding like a sack of potatoes. This is what happens when you deny people their saddle.\" \"Heels down. Knees in.\" He started, reaching over to place his hand on her knee. He pushed it into the horse's side harshly, making her flinch. \"Ye aint sittin' in yer ma's parlour, yer ridin' a horse. Heels down, press yer calves into his belly, and keep em still.\" She tried to follow his instructions, but only caused Bobby to let out a few agitated snorts. The gang leader clicked his tongue. \"Look at me.\" He told her. \"Look at how ahm sittin'. Ahm basically standing in the saddle. If ye think about it as standin', yer heels will go down by themselves. She decided right there not to remind him he took away her saddle. Frustrated with the situation, she tried to mimic his position, making the muscles in her legs scream in agony at being stretched beyond their reach. \"Is this really necessary?\" she whined bitterly. \" I know how to keep up with you, don't I? Bobby follows Annabel around anyway.\" His stern expression was a clear warning, but this time she wouldn't back off. \"I can ride with you fine.\" \"Ah want ye te be able to ride without me.\" He argued. \"Ah want ye te be able te high tail it out of here if ah tell ye to. Hell, we're about to enter Apache territory. If ye think they're all like ol' Red Elk back there, ye got another thing comin' at ye.\" She said nothing, swallowing thickly at the frightening Apache related scenarios that her mind cooked up for her at that moment. He reached over to take the reins from her. \"One hand.\" He instructed, turning his own to show her how to properly hold both reins in one hand. \"Yer gonna need te other one te hold yer gun. Ere', take em'\" She took them from him, slightly embarrassed, and tried to imitate how he held them. He made no comment about it, so she assumed she did it right. \"And yer movin' too much. Keep still. All ah want te see ye move while yer ridin' that horse is yer lower back, the rest keeps still at all times. Pull on the muscles in yer stomach, tighten them, can ye do that?\" Hurting herself in the process of following his instructions, she flinched, and placed her hand on her belly, now violently protesting against her usage of another set of muscles she usually neglected. But Butch nodded in agreement, and gave her a toothy grin. \"Ye feel em? Ah want ye te really feel them by nightfall. Cause that's where ye'll find yer balance. Can't do any real ridin' without findin' that balance first. So train those muscles, ye'll thank me later.\" He then took the lead, urging his horse in front of her, and allowing her to work on his lessons for a while. Taking all of his instructions into mind, horse riding was a very uncomfortable endeavour to her now, and she felt her body grow tired soon. There was no way she would complain to him, or ask him to slow down, or perhaps take a break because the lady was feeling fatigued. He was considerate enough, and she knew he worked hard on not being too cruel with her. So she bit her lip, got a grip, and forced herself to keep up and make the uncomfortable way of riding her own, until she no longer felt her numbed body. Butch slowly lead their animals over the ever growing mountain, with the trail getting rockier and steeper by the minute. She wondered how a fully loaded wagon pulled by mules was able to move across a landscape like this, but the fact was they hadn't seen the sinister parade of dead buffalo in hours, and she began to wonder if the gang leader had lost their trail. As sundown set in, their long shadows followed them like grotesque looking creatures, stretched out so much they almost touched the tree tops they passed. The wind increased as they reached the top of the mountain, elevated to such height the air was as thin as paper, making breathing rather difficult. The horses grew weary from the lack of oxygen and she found herself riding beside her travelling companion, who's old mare had decreased her speed. \"Well, you have successfully managed to destroy my abdominal muscles.\" She whined, rubbing her sore abdomen. \"But I think I got it now.\" \"Ye'll live..\" He mumbled uninterested, shooting her a bored look. \"If ah can teach Frank how te ride, ah can teach ye too.\" She gazed at him curiously. \"You know an awful lot about this, don't you?\" she asked. \"How come?\" He licked his lips in contemplation for a moment, and narrowed his eyes as he looked away from her, back to the invisible road they were following. \"Ah was a cavalry captain in the war..\" He stated dryly. \"Taught a lot of boys how te ride back then. Goddamn runts could hardly tell the difference between the head and tail when ah started with em'. Rode like the damn Navajo when ah was done.\" She listened to his story intently. He wasn't much of a sharer of details about his past life, but sometimes, snippets of the puzzle that was Butch Cavendish were handed to her. \"I assume you weren't a very gentle teacher.\" She spoke softly, no judgement in her tone. He blinked, and shrugged. \"Ah sure didn't abide no disobedience if that's whut yer askin'\" She knew he didn't. His hold on the men in his gang was tight, he ruled with an iron fist, and was hardly ever forgiving. Anyone who decided to ignore an order, would face consequences, and they were given without mercy or respite. \"It's hard to imagine you in a uniform.\" She joked gently, giving him a soft smile, which he returned with a rather sheepish grin. \"There's a photo of me wearin' the damn thing.\" He told her. \"Somewhere. Ah think mah brother has it. He saved all that army shit after the war was over. Ah didn't want none te do with it no more.\" Again, the mentioning of the mysterious brother he didn't want to talk about. And she wasn't going to make the same mistake twice, and inquire about the man. \"Will I get to see it sometime?\" she decided to ask instead. He chuckled at her request. \"Sure, Sharky. Anythin' te crack ye up, huh?\" His smile faded slowly. \"Ah looked a lot different back then. Ah don't think any of mah boys would recognize their ol' captain now, if they saw me.\" \"I don't know.\" She argued gently. \"You have quite the distinctive face , not one you forget very easily.\" \"yea, yea..\" He grumbled. \"That scar aint foolin' no one, ah hear ye. Ah got shit over that damn cut ever since ah got it. There goes mah modellin'career, huh?\" \"I was talking about your eyes.\" She protested softly. \"Not your scar.\" He said nothing, and didn't look at her anymore. His expression now hardened and as impassive as he could make it, making the world believe he existed purely out of stone, and there was no fragile flesh that could be touched, damaged, or marked. The silence was deafening, and she wondered what he was thinking about at that moment. He was hard to read, especially when he didn't want anyone to even try and decipher what was going on inside his mind. \"Did you volunteer for the army?\" she asked after a while, attempting to break the thick mood. \"Ah needed the money.\" He shrugged. \"Ah was a pretty good shot, rode well too. They made me captain pretty quickly. Ahh, it was all a bunch of bull crap if ye ask me. That whole war was just..\" He shook his head, curling his nose in disgust. \"Goddamn fools. Ye got them slavers down South thinkin' they can own a person. And then there's these high horses in the damn North thinkin' they can invade land and just start givin' orders. Goddamn fools. The lot of em'\" \"My father enlisted as well.\" she said. \"His family was from Virginia, so he fought on their side. Grandpa stayed with us.\" He didn't say anything, but she knew he was listening. \"Which side were you on?\" \"The one that paid the most.\" He stated simply, giving her a sly look. \"Ah was with them blue coats fer three years before they kicked me out.. Said ah was too.. cruel in mah ways of fightin'. Told me that a war like that was te be fought by gentlemen and not butchers.\" He chuckled gruffly. \"Ah never went te no fancy academy te learn how te fight like a gentleman, balancing mah tea cup in one hand, while performin' a damn swordfight with te other.\" \"They gave you an dishonourable discharge?\" she asked carefully. He nodded. \"On te account of executing unnecessary acts of violence. Goddamn hypocrites in Washington didn't think it was a good example te have a captain runnin' around that didn't pay no heed te grey coats surrendering. Nah, they rather send those boys te a camp like Elmira, all te way up in New York. Let them do their dyin' on the East coast instead.\" Processing his words, her mind brought her back to the evenings spend with her father, sharing stories of where he had been, and what he had seen, during his years of enlistment. To her, it had always seem like her father had gone on a great adventure, but now she realized the man had shared only the good with his daughter, and had left out the more gruesome parts. Or rather, the reality. \"Maybe you and my father crossed paths at one point..\" she said softly, a small smile forming around her lips, the thought comforting. That the man she travelled with, a wanted criminal, had laid eyes on her father, perhaps even shared a word or two. But then again, they would have been enemies in the eyes of the law. \"Ah doubt it..\" Butch replied without looking at her. \"Fact he came home to yer mother meant ah never met him.\" with that statement, he urged his horse into a trot, taking the lead, and forcing her to dig her spurs into her own horse's flanks as well, in order to keep up with him. They had started their descend, leaving the peak of the mountain behind them while their animals battled with the slippery, rocky ground, trying not to lose their footing. \"But it's possible isn't it?\" she called after him, holding on to Bobby's manes for without a saddle, staying on top of a descending horse was a task all by itself. \"Perhaps you two met on neutral ground. I've heard my father speak about such encounters, where he talked to a Union soldier on fairly good terms. Did that never happen to-\" \"Ssh!\" He hushed her, suddenly standing still, his eyes roamed the thick forest surrounding them. The dim light made it hard for her to see beyond the first two rows of trees, but he seemed to have picked up a sound. She halted her horse beside him, pulling on the reins clumsily. A few minutes passed, in which nothing happened, and she felt her horse getting restless underneath her. And then she heard it, faintly, in the distance. The sound of a mule, and the laughing of men setting up their evening camp. \"They've set down for te night.\" Butch whispered, nodding to himself. \"We'll do the same.\" Silently, he got off his horse, the heels of his boots making no sound whatsoever when they touched the gravelled ground. Her own dismounting went less gracefully and, hanging on to Bobby's manes, she clumsily cascaded into a sturdy bush that grew on the mountain side, causing the horse to neigh gently in surprise and throw his head up in uneasiness as she landed. She dismantled herself from the scrub while muttering unchristian like incantations, and looked up when the gang leader held out his hand for her to take. He ceased her up, effortlessly, chuckling at her little accident. \"On yer feet, Sharky.\" He whispered. \"Stretch those legs a little before sittin' down or they'll lock up on ye.\" He turned away from her soon enough again, gazing into the direction of the campsite belonging to the poachers they had been tracking all day. She rubbed her arms against the cold wind playing with her hair. \"Shall I gather some wood for a fire?\" she offered almost pleadingly. \"It's cold.\" She continued apologetically. \"No fires.\" Butch grumbled, not bothering to turn around and face her. \"We're in Apache territory. For as far as ah've seen, we've gone unnoticed.\" He scanned the surroundings forests. \"Let's keep it that way.\" She shivered violently in response to his unsettling decision. \"We won't last a night in this cold without a fire.\" She protested. \"Or atleast I won't.\" This time he turned to her slowly, narrowing his eyes at the freezing young woman under his, involuntary, charge. \"Ye can take my horse's blanket too.\" He told her, making an uninterested hand movement toward his mare. \"Ah have no need for it tonight.\" she blinked at his words, and watched him pull out his revolver to reload it. \"Give me yer gun.\" It took a while before his request had processed through her mind, her eyes fixed on his fast working hands, taking bullets from his belt to shove inside the opened chamber. \"Hey!\" she snapped out of her thoughts and looked at him with wild eyes. \"Yer gun! Now!\" He barked. She quickly reached for her own revolver, still trying to get used to the heavy metal object hanging around her waist, and handed to him. \"And the belt.\" He added, pointing at her gun belt. \"Ah want te whole kit.\" She unbuckled the belt, adjusted tightly around her leather trousers, and handed him that too. He wasted no time to put it around himself, and muttered something under his breath about Evans' goddamn possessions hanging around his own waist. Now adorned like a proper gun slinger, he took off his hat and smoothed back his hair before putting it back on. \"How do I look?\" He asked. She gazed at him, up and down. \"Like a criminal.\" She told him, a little unsure about what he wanted to hear. He chuckled, it seemed to have been the right answer. \"Good.\" He said. \"Ye stay here, stay low, no sound, no fires and whatever ye hear, if the Apaches show up ah want ye te get on yer horse, take mine with ye, and get te hell out of this damn forest. Am ah clear?\" he told her sternly. She hesitated. \"Ah need an answer, Sharky.\" She nodded slowly, not too keen on leaving him without a horse. \"Are you going to kill the hunters now?\" He gave her a toothy grin, and winked at her. \"Ahm gonna raise a little hell.\" With that last statement, he turned and stalked off into the dark woods, until she could no longer make out his shape against the dim light of the moon. She wrapped the horse blanket around her shoulders, and sat down on the other one. A shiver ran up her spine, but she wasn't sure it was because of the cold. It could have very well been from the idea that the men camping a little up ahead, were about to die at the hands of a vicious outlaw.[Chapter 27] Well I suppose the review section couldn't get any better. I received amazing fanart by the talented TeiyusTeki. And my hundredth review by Outlaw Bear was just too much honour. Thank you guys so much for the love and support! I hope this story will continue to take you all to a different world whenever reality is too hard to face . Small warning to the tender hearted amongst us: This chapter could be considered rather violent. Chapter 27 Four men and a dog sat around a campfire. Tired, homesick for their beds, and unknowing of their exact location. \"I bet we walk right into a town of some sort at the foot of this darn mountain. And all ye ungrateful youngsters will be scratchin' behind yer ears fer yellin' at me like ye did.\" The oldest grumbled as he spat into the fire. The flames made a hissing sound as his alcohol induced saliva vanished in the heat, as if the fire spat back. Apparently, the man was responsible for the whereabouts of the rest, and he had gotten into trouble as soon as he had voiced his concern about their current route. \"Whut sort of navigator don't bring a map?!\" A haggard looking man with red hair barked back. \"Are ye even a real trapper? Or was that all tall talk from an ol' coon?!\" \"Ah was trappin' these parts when yer mama was still wipin' yer nose, boy.\" The old man defended himself. \"Ye'd be hangin' upside down above a Comanche bonfire right now if it wasn't fer me.\" The man with the red hair spat in the sand next to his boots, and had nothing more to say. A younger man sat beside him, some would even still call him a boy, his expression vacant as he gently pet the collie laying at his feet. Then there was a big sturdy man, round as a barrel, who seemed oblivious and uninterested to the topics that were being discussed. He dug his yellow teeth into the fried leg of some sort of bird, belched as he chewed, and continued doing what he was best at. Eating. \"Ah don't even think we're supposed to be here.\" The young man finally said with a shaky voice as his eyes scanned the woods around them. His frantic behaviour didn't seem to disturb his dog, and so, the rest of the company didn't share his alarm. \"Whut if we're in Injun territory er sumthin'?\" The young man had started to hyperventilate. \"Ahs have this feelin' we aint supposed te linger ere. Don't feel right. Don't feel right at all.\" The man with the red hair struck him across his head harshly. \"Pull yerself together ye gump!\" He hissed angrily through his teeth. \"Ye've been blabberin' about Injuns ever since we left! If there was Injuns around we'd be dead already.\" He spat on into the sand again. \"Besides that's whut that gun is fer.\" That last statement seemed to distress the young man even more. \"Ah aint shootin' no injun!\" He protested, his hyperventilating returning in full force. \"Ah aint killin' no one except animals!\" The rest of the men laughed and shared glances. \"They are animals, boy.\" The old man chuckled. \"Ye better kill em, er lose yer pretty scalp. And then no woman will want ye anymore and ye'd die without ever gettin' te be with one, is that whut ye want?\" The rest followed in on his chuckling, all except their youngest member, who stared at the old man in utter shock. The dog had lifted her head, staring straight into the forest, but no one seemed to notice her focused attention. Then she barked, softly, more like a howl, and the men grew silent. \"What is it, gal?\" The young man asked his dog. She got to her feet, her back straight, and she barked again, this time louder, her focus still on the same spot just behind the first row of trees. \"She heard sumthin'.\" The young man decided, his breathing growing rapid again. \"She don't bark like this unless sumthin's going on.\" \"Well tell her te shut her trap.\" The man with the red hair snarled. \"Put a sock in it.\" The young man seemed offended, more so now it was about his dog. \"Ah aint puttin' socks in Abby's mouth, Zeke!\" He shot at the red haired man. \"Ah brought er along so she could warn us, and she's warnin' us now!\" \"Ahh, it's probably just Sam returnin' with the fire wood, ye idiot! Quiet down that goddamn mut before ah kick er so hard she don't remember left from right!\" Zeke answered angrily. All the while the dog barked, and barked, and pulled on the piece of rope that the young man had tied around the pointy tip of his own boot. \"Why would she bark at Sam?! She's known him all er life! She knows whut he smells like!\" the young man protested, almost getting dragged along as the collie struggled to break free from the rope. \"Shut er up!\" Zeke warned again. As the dog continued her noise, the red haired man swiftly kicked her against her legs, causing her to topple to her side with a loud painful yelp. \"YE BASTARD!\" The fat man's piece of meat was knocked right from his grip as the young man jumped onto Zeke, pushing him into the fat man's side. Staring at the spilled food with a defeated expression, the fat man decided this was the right moment to mingle into the conversation, and jumped on top of the two fighting men, joining their fight over a now sandy piece of bird leg. The old man shook his head at the three fighting men and downed the rest of his cold coffee. \"Morons.\" He grumbled. \"Te lot o' ye\" No one noticed how the collie managed to break herself free, and run off into the dark. Seconds later the gut wrenching yelp of a dog getting stabbed rendered the men silent, their fighting ceased at the disturbing sound, and no one moved a muscle anymore. \"A..Abby?\" The young man called out carefully, untangling himself from the others before getting up from the ground and dust off his trousers. There was no reply. \"Co..Come ere' gal.\" Instead of a dog, a man appeared between the trees, walking up to the company of hunters. \"Woof.\" Butch said sadistically. \"She won't be comin' no more, boy.\" For a moment, nobody moved, and a wave of recognition came over the tired, stained faces of the buffalo hunters. \"Lord protect us..\" The old man spoke first, softly, more to himself than to his company. \"Butch Cavendish.\" The young man seemed more distraught by the news of his lost pet than the sight of the wanted criminal, and peered over Butch's shoulder, looking for his dog, before moving his tearstained eyes back to the gang leader's gaunt face. \"Ye killed her?\" He choked on his tears. \"Ye killed her! Ye monster!\" He reached for his gun clumsily, nearly dropping it, but Butch was faster, and held the boy at gunpoint. \"Put it down er ah'll make ye join yer pooch.\" The gang leader warned. The crying young man hesitated, his expression filled with rage. \"Don't be stupid.\" Butch continued, cocking his gun. \"Ah ain't asking ye again.\" Still bawling like a child, the young man slowly lowered his gun. \"Sit down.\" Butch ordered, pointing his gun at the ground. \"All o' ye.\" The four men huddled together, their previous quarrel forgotten. They seemed scared, intimidated, and the youngest still very upset about the loss of his dog. \"Guns out.\" Butch continued. \"On the ground, shove em to me.\" Slowly, the three men obeyed. Taking out their weapons and shoving them toward the gang leader. \"Ye too, oldtimer.\" Butch told the old man without looking at him. The old man, feeling slighted in his position, took his time to take out his revolver and tossed it into the sand in front of the gangleader's snake leather boots. Despite the provoking glares Butch received from the older man, he ignored it, and shoved the pile of guns away from the campsite with the side of his boot. Making them come to a piled up halt at the edge of the tree line. He bend down and picked up a rolled up piece of rope from one of the saddles. Only now the youngest of the company seemed to understand the severity of the situation now the first wave of shock of losing his beloved pup was behind him. The very realization send him into an instant panic attack. \"Butch Cavendish..\" He repeated the name with a trembling voice. \"Oh mah lord.. We're gonna die!\" He received another blow from Zeke. \"Keep it together, ye idiot.\" The red haired man grumbled. \"Ahm sure we can work out an agreement with mister Cavendish ere' that would benefit the both of us.\" He continued, trying to peer over his shoulder at the impassive gang leader while he tied the four men together by their wrists. \"Ah heard he can be reasoned with when offered the right price.\" \"Ah yea?\" Butch mumbled, tightening the knot in the rope. \"Ahm willin' te bet mah bottom dollar the person that told ye that aint never ran into me in all his life.\" Zeke's self-assured expression fell, and he whimpered softly while the outlaw got to his feet. \"Ah take it none o' ye hotdoggin' buffalo boys know where they are?\" Butch asked rhetorically, playing with the chamber of his own Colt. When no answer came, he huffed. \"Who's idea was it te pass through these hills?\" He looked at the four men, their wrists now tied behind their backs, his eyes resting on Zeke. \"You, mister right price?\" Zeke shook his head. \"Ah aint no navigator. It's ol' Ben over there we hired te git us across the plains.\" He nodded at the old man, who's expression darkened at being thrown in front of the outlaw's feet like that by one of the men he was trying to lead into safety. \"It was his idea to go across the mountain. It would give us a whole day, according' te him. And now we're stuck in the Cavendish gang.. ye're a bona fide genius, Ben! Well done!\" \"Shut up, ye ungrateful worthless piece of shit.\" Ben growled, but Zeke just scoffed and mumbled something under his breath. \"Whut did ye call me, boy?!\" The old man roared in anger, struggling against his bindings to do God knows what to the younger man that defied him. \"Shut yer trap.\" Butch commanded calmly, staring at the old man with a warning glare. \"Or ah'll make sure ye never utter another word again.\" Slowly, Ben calmed down. \"How long have ye boys been hunting?\" the gang leader inquired, peering at the piled high wagon. \"That's quite the small fortune ye got there drippin' blood.\" \"We've been out here for two months.\" Ben answered, now gazing at the ground, his hope of survival leaving him slowly. \"Ye want the lot, take it.. \" He continued with a nod toward the wagon. \"If that would slim down the chances of those boys gettin' shot at yer hand.\" \"Ah don't care about yer hides.\" Butch said, kneeling down in front of the four men to be at eye level. \"But ah know who do. And yer in the middle of it.\" His gaze rested on the old man. \"Ye lead yer whelps straight into Apache territory.\" A grin came over his mangled face, making him look all the more terrifying in the flames of the campfire. \"With a wagon full of hides of buffalo herds belongin' te the Tonkawa.\" He chuckled dryly. The old man said nothing, but his face had gone completely pale and his lip trembled. \"A..Apache?\" The young man stammered, drawing the gang leader's attention. \"They.. they don't take yer scalp, right? Not.. not like them Comanche's up north, right?\" Butch didn't answer, and moved his eyes back to the old man with a much telling grin before getting back on his feet. \"Ah wouldn't count on it, boy.\" He grumbled. \"They don't take lightly to white men poachin' their buffalo. However..\" his eyes rested on the fat man, who had been trying to become invisible despite his big posture, his face like a scared child. \"Maybe they agree on lettin' ye all keep yer barks if ye hand over butterball here. They could feed their whole damn village with the likes o' him.\" He made himself laugh, especially when the big man started trembling like a leaf. \"Build a tipi out of yer skin too, ah reckon.\" As the bulky man started crying soundlessly, Butch just chuckled. \"Let them go.\" The old man started pleading in a desperate measure. \"Keep me here, let them git on their horses and git out o' here.\" Butch ignored him as he walked around the campsite, picking up a canister. \"Yer just gonna watch us all git killed by redskins?!\" Ben continued more forcefully. The gang leader took a deep swig from the home brewn Moonshine, and made a face at the cruel taste. \"Have ye no decency?!\" the old man yelled. \"We're white folks, just like yerself!\" Putting the cork back on the bottle, Butch licked his lips. \"Ye better don't holler like that around ere' or yer just makin' it easier fer them te find ye.\" He chuckled. \"Saves me te trouble of wastin' a bullet tryin' te git their attention. Then again.. it aint really a matter if they'll find ye, er when.. just a matter of who. Aint that right, old man?\" The company's navigator gave no reply, but his lip trembled in his building anger at the injustice of the current situation. \"And fer yer sake, ah sure do hope it's them Tonkawa's with the better hearing abilities.\" Butch continued, and lifted his gun into the air. He fired one shot, and the noise carried through the mountains' canyons with a sickening echo, causing the three men to flinch. The old man hadn't flinched, but tears of anger rolled down his carved in, sunbeaten face. \"Let them go.\" He begged. \"Please! They're just boys!\" Butch tilted his head in curiosity. \"Boys?\" he said, and peered at the three men huddled together. \"Ah see only one boy, and two men.\" He stated. The old man said nothing, and looked away, which to Butch was a sign the man was hiding something. He narrowed his eyes. \"Whut's goin' on ere?\" The outlaw asked. \"What boys?\" The three men were just as silent, their expressions of fear unchanged, but the youngest now seemed more defensive than scared. But none of them offered an explanation, which greatly agitated the dangerous man holding them at gunpoint this very moment. \"Which one of ye beef chasers was stupid enough te bring their kid along, eh?\" Butch grumbled darkly, tossing the canister of moonshine to the side. \"Where is he?\" His keen eyes roamed the campsite. \"Where are ye, kid?!\" Half a mile from the dramatic scene, Eleanor waited patiently for the gang leader's return. Hidden safely among the trees and the two tired horses, she sat on her blanket, gazing at the dim light of the distant campfire. She had heard the shot, and hoped that it meant the end of this dreadful evening was nearing. If the men had to die, let them die quick, with one shot, as she knew Butch was capable of. But then again, he also enjoyed playing with his prey, much like a cat could do. A sound caught her attention, something ran through the woods, panting lightly. It wasn't heavy, its steps light but swift. It then passed her, and against the light of the campfire, she caught the silhouette of a child, hasting himself back to his company after hearing the gun shot. \"Oh dear God..\" she whispered to herself. No doubt the child was unaware of what was taking place at the campsite, no doubt he had no idea he was about to run into the barrel of a dangerous outlaw. Ignoring Butch's instructions, she went into pursuit of the child, following in his pace as fast as her feet could carry her, the tresses of Frank's leather straps jingling softly. It was as if she moved in slow motion, every other sound was drowned out by the leaves cracking under her boots, her heart beating in her throat and her fast breathing like clouds of fog in the cold night air. The boy stopped just behind Butch, taking in the scene in pure bewilderment. His young eyes went from the outlaw's back to the faces of the four men sitting on the ground. \"He's got a gun, Sam!\" The young man shouted in pure panic. \"Shoot him!\" As Butch turned around in an agonizingly slow manner, his heels digging into the ground, to see who had come up behind him, Sam reached for the much too large revolver with his still small hands. \"Shoot him, Sam! He killed Abby!\" Now facing the slightly thrown off gang leader, Sam's courage was leaving him quickly. The gun he held, now pointed at Butch, was trembling in his hands, and big tears of fear were rolling down his pale cheeks. Butch tilted his head at the young child that had managed to caught him off guard. \"Shoot, Sam! Shoot!\" As the child started crying more and more, the gun almost slipping from his grip, Butch slowly lowered his own weapon, only to spread his arms in invitation, his Colt dangling from one finger. As the boy's sobbing continued to grow more desperate, the gangleader's face lit up with a wicked smile. \"Shoot him, Sam!\" Butch took a daring step toward the crying child, his expression calculative and calm. \"Is that yer older brother hollerin' at ye te shoot me?\" He asked. The boy nodded vigorously. \"Ah knew it was.\" Butch continued, taking another step in his direction. \"Ye ever killed a man before, boy?\" \"Don't listen to him, Sam!\" For a moment, the boy's eyes switched to his brother's frantic face before coming back to the outlaw's tranquil features, as if the man was approaching a wild animal, or a spooked horse. Then he shook his head, he never killed a man. \"Aint a pretty sight.\" Butch explained calmly. \"Lot of blood, gurgling.. All sorts of sounds ye don't want te hear. All sorts o' sights ye aint never forgettin'\" He took another step in his direction, and made a face. \"Ye don't want that, do ye?\" Hesitating for a moment, the crying child shook his head slowly, but didn't lower his gun. Slowly, Butch was closing the distance between them, his blue eyes fixed on the young boy's distraught face. \"Give me the gun, boy.\" The gang leader ordered. \"Give me the gun and ye can go sit with yer brother.\" \"Shoot, Sam! Shoot him!\" Still unsure about what to do, the child didn't move, his eyes going back and forth between the outlaw and his older brother, who he didn't want to disappoint. \"Did you kill Abby?\" Sam asked with a trembling voice. \"Did you kill my dog?\" Butch licked his lips in contemplation and then nodded. \"Ah did.\" He confirmed. \"But she got me good. Got her teeth printed allover mah arm.. ye lower than gun, sit with yer brother and ah'll show ye what she did te me.\" He offered. It didn't seem to console the child, and he broke out in tears allover again, holding the gun more tightly in his grip now. Getting impatient with the situation, Butch took another step into his direction. \"Hand over the gun, boy.\" He ordered more sternly. \"Ah aint tellin' ye again.\" The boy's expression had gotten darker, and the gang leader had picked up on it. In a flash Butch had closed the distance, grabbed Sam's wrist roughly and pried the weapon from his small fingers. Whatever moral restraint the outlaw had saved for the situation, he was fed up with it now, and mercilessly aimed the loaded revolver at the panicking child. \"Got ya.\" He mumbled with a wicked grin. \"Gotta learn te do what grown-ups tell ye to do.\" He cocked the gun. The child's older brother cried out in the back ground, shouting incoherent wishes and curses at the outlaw's back, which were all ignored. At that moment Eleanor positioned herself between Butch's gun and the boy, causing the tip of the barrel to press against her chest. Slightly out of breath from running, she gazed at the gang leader defiantly, almost angrily, as if she was offended to find out he was able to hold a child at gunpoint. Her anger rose when she noticed he didn't lower his gun either, his expression going from slight surprise to pure anger at her disobedience. For a moment neither of them spoke, and even the young man in the background had stopped his wailing. \"Step aside.\" Butch broke the silence. \"You want to kill this child you'll have to do it through me.\" She shot back at him, her voice slightly trembling at her dangerous provocation. \"Is that what you want?\" His expression darkened, and he narrowed his eyes. \"Step.. aside..\" He told her again, warning her with his entire posture, his entire voice. She shook her head slowly, almost pleadingly. \"I won't let you do this.\" She whispered. \"I can't stand aside idly and watch you kill an innocent child. I won't.\" he pulled up his lip in a furious snarl, but she didn't back off. \"Don't do this.\" She begged softly. \"Please..\" He growled, and grabbed the front of her shirt roughly. \"Shut up!\" He hissed, and pushed her aside with such force she lost her footing and landed in the dusty sand with a small painful huff. \"Ah'll deal with you later.\" He threatened, and turned back to the boy. \"Die at the hand of a bullet er die losing yer scalps to the Apaches. Let's ask yer big brother what he thinks is best.\" Butch spoke menacingly. The interruption had only caused his aggravation to build. He turned toward the trembling young man sitting with the rest. \"After all he thought it was such a great idea te let his little brother shoot a man, let's see if he's got the wisdom to pick between a barkin' er a shootin' What's it gonna be, big brother?!\" The young man could do nothing but cry over the sight of his terrified little brother, and no sensible word left his lips. Butch scoffed at the teenager's tears. \"Yea.. Don't big brothers just know best, eh? Bullshit..\" Not about to give up, Eleanor got to her feet with difficulty, rubbing her sore arm. \"Aren't you tough!\" she sneered. \"Aren't you just the undisputed king of crime!\" she spat, but quieted down as Butch turned toward her slowly, his expression impassive. \"But you won't kill a child..\" she spoke determinedly, the very idea not making sense to her. \"Not even you would do such a thing. I know you..\" The gang leader narrowed his eyes at her, and shifted his weight from one leg to the other. \"Know me, eh?\" his voice had gotten darker, like a low growl. With slow, swaying steps he walked up to her. \"Ye think ye know me?\" He whispered to her through gritted teeth. Confused, she blinked, and before she could answer he had turned away again, walked up to the four men tied together, raised his gun, aimed it at the red haired man, and fired without a second thought, without his expression ever changing. The young man cried out in fear as he was covered in the blood and brain matter of his colleague. The fat man had shut his eyes tightly and was praying out loud, big tears rolling down his round cheeks. The old man struggled against his bindings and cursed the gang leader high and low, his thick Irish accent hard to miss, which made his incantations all the more complicated to decipher. She stood, bewildered, staring at the man that had saved her life like she suddenly saw him for the first time. He turned to her, cocking his gun a second time. \"Anything else ye think ah won't do?\" he asked. \"Since ye know me so well.\" \"How could you..\" she started, still half in shock. He walked up to her, his face close to hers. \"Ye want te know somethin' about killin' children?\" he hissed. \"The first one is the hardest. After that, they're all the same..damn..thing.\" Then she struck him. Hard. Across his face. His words a pure insult to everything she considered human. The impact had only slightly averted his eyes from hers, and as he slowly regained his hardly shaken bearings, she knew she had overstepped the line once more. He moved his jaw, feeling it throb, and spat out a drop of blood. \"That was a dumb thing te do.\" He told her. Before she realized it, he had grabbed the front of her shirt again, pulling her close to his face. Her expression remained hard until she caught sight of his knife, dangerously close to the soft skin of her throat. She trembled, her eyes flashing from the trademark weapon to the eyes of the man wielding it. He moved the cold steel to the side of her head, and she whimpered feeling it against her already half frozen cheek, thinking he was going to carve in her face like the very man he had saved her from. He snarled angrily, and she felt a sharp tug, to which she cried out in pain, her eyes tightly shut. When she opened them again, he held up a strand of her auburn hair. His warning loud and clear. \"Next tahm it's yer ear.\" He told her, and let her go. Her knees, weak from the ordeal, buckled underneath her weight, and she slumped down against the tree he had pinned her against. \"Know me..\" He mocked the dazed young woman. \"Ah'll make sure ye do before this damn trip is over.\" Recollecting her ability to breathe calmly, she gazed ahead of her, through his legs as he was still standing in front of her collapsed form. She noticed how the child had regained his mobility, overcoming his own shock in a much more courageous way than his family and company had done. She blinked against the sight, hardly aware of what she was seeing, her brain taking a while to process the images. The boy had noticed the pile of guns close to the edge of the tree line, and slowly made his way over, while keeping his eyes fixed on the outlaw leader. She frowned watching him bend over gingerly to pick up one of the revolvers, cocking back the hammer with his small finger, and aiming it at Butch's unattended back. \"Oh my God..\" was all she could mutter right before the birds were scared from the tree tops by a loud gunshot. Lllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll I love cliffhangers.. R&R;![Chapter 28] Next chapter, folks! Sorry for the long wait. I'll be in Wyoming 15 th of June to 29 th of August, with no computer, so I won't be posting any updates in that period (if I see Butch I'll tell him you all said hi) Once again, thank you to all that take time to review, follow or fav! Enjoy! Chapter 28. She wasn't sure the young boy had managed to hit the gang leader, but from what she could see, nothing seemed to obstruct Butch from firing back from behind the tree she was sitting against, holding her hands tightly pressed to her ears to block out the loud gun fight that had erupted. The child had cut the ropes tied around the wrists of his older brother in the short confusion after the first gun shot. Butch had lost his footing for only a split second, almost falling on top of her, but he had regained his balance sure enough. Her ears rang from the loud blasts so close to her head, and the voices of the men yelling at eachother back and forth sounded like they were behind sound proof glass. The many guns firing at the same time filled the entire campsite with a thick layer of smoke, and the air started smelling like burned powder. Through the haze, she managed to open her eyes, her temporary state of deafness creating the illusion like she wasn't part of the violent scene taking place. She blinked slowly, her own breathing and the ringing in her ears the only sound she could detect. She watched the teenager empty his revolver with a new found determination now his bindings were off, all in an effort to protect his younger brother, who had the same sort of deranged anger written allover his pale face. The bullets soared right past her person, some burying themselves into the tree, covering her in snippets of wood, but she hardly realized it through her shell shocked daze. The old man, still tied down, yelled till his voice gave out. His face red and swollen from panic and anger. He struggled against his bindings, and she watched him move his mouth, but there was no sound to detect for her. The fat man still sat quietly, crying, and praying to anyone willing to listen. From where she and Butch had entered the campsite, two horses came bursting through the smoke. Their own horses. She felt the ground vibrate under their heavy hooves, but she didn't hear their feet touch the frozen soil. They ran past the fat man and the old navigator, spooked by something, and galloped past her, past the tree, disappearing from her sight. It only slowly reached her mind that they had just lost their method of transport to something she didn't seem to be a part of. \"We lost the horses..\" she whispered to no one in particular, her head throbbing from the blast. \"I saw them..\" No one seemed to hear her. She couldn't even hear herself. Coming out of nowhere, an arrow hit the old man right in the chest, and his angered face changed into that of a dying human, blood covering his lips as he struggled for air from his penetrated lungs. She frowned at the sight, thinking her mind was playing tricks on her eyes. Another arrow hit the fat man in his leg, and he screamed out in pain, but again the sound was lost to her. Yet the firing of guns, and bullets flying back and forth without ever hitting her, continued on full force. Then an arrow buried itself into the tree right next to her head. From left and right Apache riders came bursting into the camp, knocking over boxes and saddles on their way. Their war cries went unheard, but the sight of them was enough to make her heart beat in her throat. Their faces painted red and black, riding decorated and adorned horses, they butchered those still tied down without mercy or second thought. When one of them locked eyes with the girl sitting on the ground leaning against a tree, he raised his bow, aiming at the small space between her eyes. She blinked slowly at the magnificent looking Apache warrior, remembering her father's and grandfather's stories about the proud tribe that had aided them more than once. The irony that she would die at the hands of one, was almost comical. As he fired, she was yanked aside roughly, and pulled to her side. An arrow hit the tree right where her head had been a few split seconds ago. Her view changed. Suddenly she was gazing at the swaying tree tops, staring straight into Orion's belt. She heard the dimmed blasts of gunshots firing close to her head, now on the ground. Butch's face came into view, his sky blue eyes wild and angry. He yelled at her, his mauled lips formed her name, but his voice sounded like someone was yelling at her from beneath the water surface. She blinked at him slowly. \"I can't hear you.\" She whispered, feeling her head throb painfully. The collar of his white shirt was stained red with blood, and she frowned at the sight. \"You're bleeding.\" Her observations were lost to him and he frowned at the state she was in, looking her up and down to see if she might be injured. \"I'm fine.\" She continued her soft spoken explanations, not sure if he could hear her. Another threat caused him to avert his attention to what she couldn't see, and he fired his guns with skill and determination. Despite the chaos, she felt like she could sleep, and she closed her eyes to allow herself to float to another world. Back to her mother's ranch. In her mind it was still standing, no traces of the fire that had burned it down. Grandfather in his rocking chair on the porch, waved at her, and smiled. All seemed fine. But her peace was short lived as she was pulled to her feet roughly, the world dancing in front of her disorientated eyes. Dragged along by her arm, Butch took her away from the still unfolding scene of horror. Her feet obeyed without asking her brain for permission, and she ran with him, sometimes tripping, but he made sure her buckling knees never touched the ground. Horse riders passed them by, riding into the war zone they were leaving behind, they were Tonkawa, and ignored her and the gang leader as he lead her through the maze of horse legs. The fate of the child suddenly crossed her sedated mind, and she peered over her shoulder. The boy was standing next to the butchered form of his older brother, three arrows sticking out of his back, and gazed down at it with tear stained cheeks, his gun hanging at his side, forgotten, as the two Indian tribes exploded in a war that was not his own, and in which he had no part. She pulled on Butch's arm, intending to stop him in his tracks, but he was stronger. \"Wait..\" he didn't hear her, so she pulled harder, digging her heels into the frozen soil. It caught his attention and he looked at her with wild eyes, yelling something incoherent that was undoubtedly the order to hurry up. Determined, she grabbed a nearby branch, holding on to it for dear life as she fought against him. \"I'm not leaving him.\" she said. He had enough, and picked her up roughly, hanging her over his wounded shoulder like a sack of potatoes. She struggled, and fought, and beat him until she hit his wound and he released her with a sharp cry. She fell to the ground, the leaves cushioning her fall, and she quickly got to her feet with the intention to run back. Again he grabbed her arm, and she turned to kick him, aiming for his shin, but the tip of her boot landed straight between his legs. It worked. He let her go, and she didn't stick around to watch him double over in pain. As fast as her feet could carry her she hurried back to the campsite, where the ground was littered with fallen Apache and Tonkawa warriors, she jumped over their bodies. Horses without riders ran around in pure panic. And for those still atop their mounts, the fight continued. Arrows flew back and forth, and she made her way through the chaos of horse legs until she got to the child. She picked him up, like a mother risking everything to rescue her youngsters, and made way for the trees, hoping Butch was waiting for her despite what she had done to him. But he wasn't there anymore. Looking around, she called for him, but no answer came. The child's silent wailing slowly made its way into her brain, barely processing the sound. She held on to him more closely, and hushed him in between her calls for help. The sounds of the fight died out as she proceeded on the way Butch had shown her, and slowly, her hearing returned. The noises of the forest by night a welcome gift. She listened to her own breathing as she walked, getting strenuous from carrying the boy. His crying had subsided, and he seemed to have decided to rest in his fate. As the last rays of glow from the campfire died out, and engulfed them both in absolute darkness, she stopped and let the boy stand on his own two feet, her arms numb from his weight. She deemed them both safe enough to take a short repose, and leaned against a tree to catch her breath, watching it form ghosts of fog in the cold night air. She wondered if Butch had decided to leave her behind. Finally fed up with her disobedience. His warning had been very clear before, perhaps it had been her final one, and this was her punishment. Abandonment in a place she didn't know, with nowhere to go. She closed her eyes at the thought and grimaced. Frustrated with herself, she banged the back of her head against the tree gently. Stupid, stupid, stupid. The boy touched her hand, worried about her behaviour, and she looked down at him, forcing a sad smile. \"They killed my brother.\" He stated dryly. \"He shouldn't have killed one of them first.\" He was wise beyond his years, and it worked against him in every way. The more you know, the more you suffer. \"Are you part of the Cavendish gang?\" She huffed. Some gang. The question reached her only slowly, and she let it roll around in the back of her mind for a moment. Looking down at herself, she couldn't blame the child for his question. Dressed in Frank's clothing, she looked as much as an outlaw as Butch himself. \"No..\" she finally decided on saying, her eyes roaming the dark woods surrounding them. \"I just.. travelled with them. For a while.\" Her explanation made no sense to the child, and he gazed at her with a confused expression. She ignored it by lack of a better alibi, and sighed heavily, wondering about what to do now. \"We can't linger here.\" She said. \"Come on.\" As she started walking, he followed in close pursuit, like she had done with the gang leader. Once lost, you're willing to follow anything and anyone who claims to know the way. The moon decided to lend her guidance in small quantities. Shining down only sporadically on the two lost souls in the middle of the grand Apache forest. The frozen leafs cracked under the four feet, announcing winter, and a cold night that wasn't over yet. There was no path laid out for them, no road to follow, and she simply trusted on her instincts to walk the same way Butch had done. But she wasn't sure they weren't walking in circles. Her quick pace caused the boy to have a hard time to keep up with her, but it also kept the both of them sufficiently warm enough to withstand the winter air, and as the night progressed, and everything turned as silent as a graveyard around them, snowflakes came twirling down the black sky, covering the ground in a white layer of cold fluff within the course of an hour. Any traces of Butch's whereabouts were hereby erased, and she realized she was on her own. They had been walking for hours, with no conversation taking place to spare their energy, when she stopped to catch her breath, looking around her with unseeing eyes. Nothing had changed around them. The forest was packed tight, the snow had almost completely hidden the leafs beneath their boots. \"Do you think I killed him?\" came the question behind her back. She frowned at the almost pride in the child's voice. \"I don't know.\" She replied after a few moments of hesitation. \"I don't think so.\" \"I did hit him though.\" The boy continued. \"He's bleedin' awful bad, I know he is.\" She shook her head in disbelief and gazed up at the dark sky, following the snowflakes on their slow way down. \"Shooting people is bad.\" She whispered. \"Didn't your mother teach you that?\" the child did not respond, and it told her all she needed to know. \"I suppose not.\" She added softly. \"whatever she did teach you, I hope it included navigating yourself in unknown places. Mine sure skipped that lesson.\" Exhausted, and demoralized from all that happened in the past few hours, she leaned against a tree, sinking through her tired knees slowly. \"And honestly I have no idea where we are.\" The boy came into her view, his big doe eyes gazing at her with a patience foreign to her tired person. \"Atleast you're rid of him.\" he told her. His ways of trying to remain positive unhandy and not what she needed to hear right now. \"He shot Zeke. I hope he dies.\" Gazing back at him wearily, she shook her head slowly. \"What caused you to become so bloodthirsty at your age?\" she whispered. \"If you must know, he might have been our only chance to get out of this forest alive. He always knew exactly where we were. Without ever needing a map.\" She explained. The boy did not reply, and sat down next to her instead, sniffling because the cold made his nose runny. \"And I know it sounds strange but.. He made me feel safe.\" She continued, peering into the dark nothingness ahead of her. \"Only Heaven can help us now.\" She didn't move when the boy huddled against her form, looking for warmth and the conformation she was there. Carefully, she wrapped her arm around him. She didn't think she had ever been in a forest this quiet. The silence was deafening. The snowfall had dimmed every noise, not even the wind could be heard howling through the distant canyons. She tried her best to remain awake, for the child's sake, and her own, but her exhaustion worked against her, and she had to fight to keep her eyes open and alert. She noticed with worry how the cold refused to touch her. Only the boy was shivering as they were both slowly covered under a blanket of snow, as if mother nature herself tucked them into bed, with the intention of never letting them wake up again. She fought the drowsiness that came with exposing the human body to extreme low temperatures, and felt her heart work double time to keep her system heated in vain. Hearing the faint noise of heavy footsteps in the now approaching her, she opened her nearly frozen shut eyelids. From out of the hazy dark, the blanket of snow reflecting the light of the moon, came a horse, ridden by a figure clouded in shadows. She frowned at the sight, trying to make out the identity of both rider and mount. The animal halted in front of her, its muzzle close to her nose, as it nuzzled her in curiosity. Its warm breath melted the snowflakes in her hair, causing them to melt, and run down her face and into the collar of her shirt. She shivered, and blinked against the odd contact. The rider seemed to agree with what the horse was doing, and did not dismount until her shivering had subsided a little, warmed by the gentle animal's behaviour. Silently hoping it was Butch who had decided to come look for her, she tried to calm herself as the mysterious rider approached her and covered her with a large buffalo hide, smelling vaguely like burned sage and wet dogs. It wasn't Butch. For Butch smelled like gunpowder, leather, sweat and occasionally blood. Whoever it was, he tried to save her life, and started building a fire from small twigs he fished out of the thick layer of snow, brushing them off against his buckskin sleeves and blowing them dry with his hot breath. In the dim light of the low burning flames, she recognized the old, worn features of chief Red Elk, concentrating on his task with a calmness that proved to be contagious. He waited till she stirred, till her limbs didn't scream anymore with every movement, before he spoke. \"Snow came sooner than I thought.\" He said. Again, his choice of opening line had nothing to do with the current situation, and she was still getting used to his way of starting a conversation. She sat up, trying not to wake the sleeping child, huddled against her side, and held a shivering hand to her forehead to steady herself. Her body was slowly warming up, and she felt the after effects of near hypothermia rattling her core. He handed her a buckskin sack which served as a canister to hold fluids, and made a movement to tell her she was supposed to drink whatever was inside. Thinking it unwise to disobey, she took a careful sip, and coughed harshly against the strong taste. \"Mezcal.\" Red Elk explained. \"Women should not drink, but I fear you will not last the night if you don't.\" She made a face, still coughing, and closed the container. \"You mean after Mr. Cavendish just left me?\" she added bitterly. \"Did he tell you I'm your problem now?\" The old man gazed at her impassively, sitting calmly across the fire in a crossed legged position, his expression hard to read. \"He went to get his horses. They are worth more to him than a rancher's daughter. But I don't think he left you.\" His eyes, filled with wisdom, strayed to the sleeping boy, unaware of what was taking place. \"That child killed three of my tribesmen. This makes him mine. Though I'm willing to make a trade.\" Instinctively, she tightened her hold on the boy, and gazed at the chief with a defying stare. \"What will you do with him?\" the old man did not reply. \"Like Hell I will hand this child over to a tribe of Indians. What, so you can kill him?\" Again, the Indian chief didn't offer any explanation, and simply let her huff and puff, like he knew women would and could do when something didn't go their way. In the end, he would get what he want anyway. \"I'm not making any trade.\" She decided, shaking her head at the very thought. \"I'm taking him to Standing Faith, where I was originally headed to before Butch decided to hand me over to the Indians. I'll find a more suitable solution for him there.\" She would have said more had more horses and riders not joined their party. There were four, five, Tonkawa men, riding into their small camp on breezing, decorated horses. Weary from battle, but obviously victorious. They dismounted, and in their native tongues, talked to their chief, who nodded in understanding. She had no idea what was said among the men, but they looked at her like they were planning to take her scalp and leave her for dead in what was now Tonkawa territory. She wrapped her arms around the boy protectively, like she expected him to be yanked from her grip at any given moment, but no movement toward her was made, and she was left in oblivion about what was to become of her and the young child she had saved. The wagon with hides was ushered into the camp by one of the Tonkawa men, who had obviously taught himself how to drive a wagon pulled by mule. \"These hides are already branded by the white men.\" Red Elk explained to her, as if the fate of the lot of hides was of a main concern to her right now. \"This makes them undesirable to the Apache. They do not trade in branded hides.\" She gazed at him in confusion, having no idea why he was telling her this. \"And we do not trade in branded women.\" Red Elk continued, pointing at the scar above her left eyebrow, left there by Evans. \"You must know your worth. Which is not much. Unlike the child you're trying to protect despite it not being yours.\" Getting fed up with being told how worthless she was, she rolled her eyes in anger and frustration, looking away from the chief's unyieldingly calm gaze. \"I don't care what you offer me, I'm taking this child with me.\" Red Elk nodded. \"You're better than the man who gave you that scar.\" He told her. \"But you're not better than me.\" She was quiet. \"The child stays.\" \"And his mother won't ever see either of her children again.\" Eleanor said, her anger replaced by a deep sadness. \"One dead. The other captured by Indians.\" It seemed to have made Red Elk think, for he gazed at her in contemplation. \"How would you feel if one of your children was taken by white folk? Would you listen to their reasons as they explained to you they considered him theirs since he killed white men?\" \"I think it would depend on what the white men would want to do with him.\" Red Elk said. \"I wish to educate this child. Not harm him. If I wished him harm, I would send him back to the violent world he was brought up in.\" she remained silent. \"A world you have been sheltered from for a long time, but is much the reality to many others.\" She averted her gaze to the snow covered ground, knowing he was right. \"You should rest, and not worry about the fate of this child. It is by far better than your own.\" As she tried to reply, he held up his hand, indicating he had ended the discussion, and she was to speak no more. Feeling fatigued, weary, and cold, she decided to let him have his way, and be quiet. The soft spoken conversations between the Indians calmed her wrecked nerves, and somehow put a stop to her worries if Butch would come back for her. She tried to keep her eyes open for as long as she possibly could, to keep an eye on the younger men surrounding their chief. One of them was undoubtedly the chief's own son, and the next chief to be. They wore the same sort of necklaces, made out of blue stones, feathers and the teeth of an animal. Much like the one White Feather had given her at the fort. But she had been Apache, and not Tonkawa. He couldn't be much older than she was, and it was obvious he disagreed with his father's more peaceful ways of dealing with her. Their heated discussion, or rather his own heated temper, and his father's everlasting tranquillity, lulled her into sleep eventually. Her dreams showed no mercy to her shaken body and tired brain. The small coyote with his bright blue eyes visited her in an open space of the forest. His paws leaving no prints in the freshly fallen snow, as if he floated just above the surface of the earth. Even in her sleep, she felt the cold, and she shivered trying to keep her eyes on the small animal that seemed to lead her away from the small open space. As his speed increased, so did hers, trying to keep up with the much faster animal until she had to admit to herself she had lost track of him. Again, she was alone in the empty forest that almost seemed to harbour no lifeforms at all, and from which there was no way out, unless you managed to keep up with the spirits that had been there before. The crying of a child in the distance caused her to spin around, only to face the blazing view of a burning Indian village, the fire melting away the snow in the tree tops, scorching the leafs and leaving nothing but blackened stems and twigs, swaying in the heated air currents. The sheer ferocity of it, its almost infernal heat, played with her hair, and caused her to blink painfully. Sparks illuminated the night air, creating more stars in the sky than there should be. The crying continued vaguely in the background, and she forced herself to look for the child wailing pitifully in the hell before her. All she found was the coyote. In the middle of what seemed to be the town's square, he gnawed on the lifeless body of a deceased child, blood covering his snout and dripping from his whiskers. She whimpered in shock, and stood as frozen to the ground when the animal lifted its head to look at her. A sudden fit of rage came over her, and she let out a frustrated yell, bending down to pick up a rock. \"Get out of here!\" she cried, tossing the rock as hard as she could at the animal. The first one missed. The second one was a hit. The coyote yelped in pain as it hit one of his sensitive, lean legs. \"Go away!\" she threw another rock, hitting the animal's face. \"Leave him alone!\" she had had enough of this hound of perdition haunting her dreams, and even showing itself to her in her waking life. But instead of leaving, the coyote turned its vicious attention on her now, and slowly stalked up to her, its front teeth bared, showing its blood covered canine fangs. She backed away, still yelling for it to leave her alone, until she tripped over another dead body, and fell to the ash covered ground. The coyote launched its attack, and jumped on her, sinking its teeth into her arm. She cried out in pain, and struggled to get the snarling animal off of her. The more she beat it, the more his growls transformed into that of a human voice. \"Eleanor! Hey! HEY! STOP IT! ELEANOR!\" She froze, opening her eyes, no longer holding a fistful of fur, but the material of Butch's long coat. She stared at him wild eyed, as he returned her gaze with a puzzled and slightly out of breath expression. \"Where is it?!\" she asked, sitting up and pushing him off of her. He gave no resistance, and moved away from her to sit back on his knees, still trying to collect his bearings, as was she. He had been trying to wake her from her nightmare for quite some time. \"Where's what?\" he replied, almost bored. \"The coyote!\" she continued, and looked around. \"It was right here! And there was a burning village and.. and Sam.. Sam was dead!\" she looked back at him, her expression turning angry. \"What did you do?! Where is Sam?!\" Offended, he huffed. \"Who the hell is Sam?!\" he barked back. \"Ah've been tryin' to stir ye from a nightmare for the past 20 minutes! That's what ah've been doin'!\" slowly, it started to make sense to her, and she averted her gaze from his wild eyes to the silent staring of the Indians standing behind him, giving her curious looks. Sam stood next to Red Elk, holding on to the old man's hand like he had found his long lost father. \"Ye were dreamin'\" he explained more calmly. \"Ah came back with them horses and Red Elk told me he couldn't get ye out of it. So here we are.\" She said nothing, still trying to make sense of it all. \"And we've been here before, haven't we? Ah woke ye from one of these before.\" He continued. \"Look at me.\" She obeyed, albeit unwillingly, and allowed him to stare into her eyes intently, as if looking for a particular thing. She faintly noticed how he had wound his scarf around his shoulder, it was stained red with blood, but it had stopped bleeding a while ago. \"You're wounded.\" She stated. \"Yea, ah got shot by a kid.\" He mumbled gruffly, ceasing his search for whatever it was he looked for in her gaze. \"Got a three inch bullet in my shoulder. Guess who's fault that is, hm?\" He gave her a meaningful glare and slowly got up from the ground with visible difficulty. \"Not to mention ah'll be pissin' blood for a week.\" He growled. \"Let's go.\" He swayed where he stood, took one last look at her, and then turned away, mumbling something to Red Elk, who gave no reaction other than a soft sigh. Somehow, by the tone in Butch's voice, she knew she had messed it up this time. He had never been anything but distant, and she always felt like trying to claw up a wall whenever she talked to him, but there was almost hurt in his voice this time. And she wasn't sure it was because of the loss of blood, or a feeling of betrayal. As Butch made his way towards the horses, Red Elk's son mumbled something in his native language. The rest of the young warriors chuckled, and Butch spun around. \"The Hell did ye just call me?!\" He barked, walking up to the chief to be with a furious expression. The young Tonkawa man didn't move away, and didn't look scared or intimidated either, more defying, and ready for a fight he tried to start himself. Butch brought his face close to the upcoming chief. \"Ye say that again, hm? Ah bet ye won't. Ah bet even ye aint that stupid.\" \"Enough.\" Red Elk ordered calmly. \"Let him take this woman off our lands. They have no business here, and are free to leave without obstruction.\" For a moment it seemed neither of them was going to stand down, but then the young Tonkawa stepped back, a haughty glare on his strong face, not even he would defy his father's rules. He hissed another thing or two in his native tongue, only causing Butch's anger to build. \"Yea yea, ye have a lot o' nerve when yer daddy is around, don't ya?\" The outlaw snarled, obviously trying to get the young Indian to make a mistake a suffer his father's wrath. \"Yer time will come, boy. Let's see how ye fair then, eh? Ye'll be too busy makin' enemies left and right te see me strollin' through yer lands.\" It took a lot of discipline from the young man to not launch an attack on the arrogant gangleader, but with his father standing in the corner of his eyes, he dared not make a wrong move, and gave Butch the way eventually. As the situation calmed, Red Elk looked down at the girl still sitting on the ground, the buffalo hide tightly around her. \"You may keep that. As a reminder of this place.\" The chief explained, pointing at the fur. \"Now we say goodbye.\" With one hand on the child's shoulder, he helped her up gently. \"It isn't far to where you want to go, but I fear for him he may not make it.\" Red Elk continued gently. \"He should not have gotten shot.\" She peered over the chief's shoulder at the tired gang leader, trying to climb on top his horse without making too much of a show of himself. \"There was no persuading him to stay here.\" The chief explained to her. \"These woods take him back to a time he was much more vulnerable than he is now. He does not wish to revisit those times.\" She looked down at her boots, not feeling much for joining Butch on his way into town. She feared she might be up for reprimands all the way down the mountain, depending on how much energy the man had left with a bullet wound. She swallowed thickly, a question creeping into the back of her mind. \"I have these recurring dreams..\" she started carefully, feeling silly already. \"At times, they feel so real..\" Red Elk held up his hand to stop her. \"I know. They worry me too.\" He said calmly. \"I have not yet found their meaning. But when I find out, I will find a way to tell you. Until then.. I suggest you stop throwing rocks at things with teeth.\" She looked up at him sharply, wide eyed, wondering how he knew what her dreams had been specifically. \"Your kindness brought you further than your anger.\" He continued, ignoring her visible panic. \"Anger tends to break that what kindness created.\" Whether or not the Indian chief was telling her to be nice to Butch, it was time to go, and she couldn't help but smile at the old man and the wisdom he was so willing to share with anyone in need of it. She looked down at the child, who seemed as calm as a lazy river in the summer, nothing seemed to worry him about staying with the Tonkawa's. Reaching up, she took off the silver cross she wore around her neck since she was a child. \"I want you to have this.\" She said to the child, gently pulling the necklace over his head. Sam pointed at the feather band around his neck. \"I already have something to protect me.\" He said proudly. She shook her head and smiled. \"The more Gods the better.\" She replied, tapping his nose gently. \"Be good, Sam.\" She had no idea how to say goodbye to the chief, what their customs were concerning goodbyes, so she nodded, and made her way over to Bobby. Somehow, her horse had regained his saddle, and seemed glad to see her. She climbed up, and shot Butch a quick look, indicating she was ready to go. The gang leader had no need for goodbyes, and didn't even raise a hand to the Indians, he simply turned his horse toward the descending path and lead her down the rocky trail. She blinked against the first sharp rays of sunlight, shining brightly through the pine trees. Every night ends. She reminded herself. There is a sunrise for everybody, if you only have the courage to wait long enough. R&R; please.[Chapter 29] Enjoy, lovelies! To Sansa: Well, I watched you steadily read through the entire story, and leaving reviews here and there, so I had to reach you somehow. \"Only white men make a fire everyone can see\" is a real Native American proverb. Dances With Wolves very cleverly uses it as well. However, I do get my inspiration from various western inspired movies and books. Thanks for pointing out the Spanish grammar mistakes. I had to make do with Google translate, which sucks balls, to have Rosa use atleast some of her mother language. Hey, atleast I tried right? Thank you for all your reviews! ^_^ About Butch's age : Butch is not my character. So I can't possibly know for sure how old he is. Let's start with that before I get myself into trouble. But there are certain things we do know for sure about his age. First of all, we have his wanted poster, which says he's 39 years old. What I know about these posters, historically, is that although they increased the bounties on them as the criminal went uncaught and continued his reign of terror, they never quite cared about changing the little biographical information on it. That, and the age they put on it was usually a rough guess cause how would a local sheriff know the exact age of a man he never met? Which means that Butch was (around) 39 at the time that wanted poster was created, but is older (if not much older) in my story, which takes place a year and a half before the movie's storyline. In my opinion, Butch is in his late 40s. In the movie he says he waited \"20 years\" to get to his silver, which would make him around 25 at the time he and Latham discovered the mine. I suspect Latham to be about 10 years older than his younger brother. They both may look much older than they really are because of the conditions of living in those times. If people reached their 60s, they were considered ancient. I hope this answered your question. To Voldemort: No they haven't kissed yet. And you should see my Personal Message inbox for the shit I get for that LOL Thanks for all the reviews, favs and follows! Chapter 29 Cast me gently into morning. For the night has been unkind. They walked straight into the next day, leaving the thick forest behind them, as they made their way down the mountainside. Slowly, the trees grew less in number, and the ground became less rocky under their horses' feet. She knew better than to try and start a conversation now. Butch swayed in his saddle, sometimes she feared he might fall off. His left arm hung unused to his side, and blood dripped from the top of his fingers, leaving a trail of red dots on the thin layer of snow that had fallen throughout the night. The material of his coat reflected the light of the sun there where it was stained with blood. And although he had bound the wound with his shawl, cutting off the blood circulation to his arm, she could have sworn the whole spot got bigger as the morning progressed. She was happy to be back on the prairie, there where she belonged, with nothing to obstruct her view. It was warmer here, the cold less intense than up in the Apache hills. She closed her eyes for a moment to take in the warm rays of the young sun, and somehow felt like everything was going to be alright now, all would be well in time. Perhaps it was some kind of defence mechanism, taking over her worried mind, soothing her in the only way it knew how. Hearing the popping of a cork, she opened her eyes to watch Butch take a deep swig of a bottle that had undoubtedly previously belonged to the late buffalo hunters. He was trying to stop the pain, numbing his senses, but the alcohol only caused him to grow weaker, thinning his blood so that he would lose it even faster. Collecting her bravery, she stirred up her horse to walk beside him, and inhaled sharply at the pale and sweated face of the wounded outlaw leader, who did his best to ignore her very presence. \"We need to get you to a doctor.\" She spoke softly, not sure if this was the right thing to say at this very moment. He narrowed his eyes at her comment, and scoffed. \"Good luck findin' one.\" He mumbled, his voice hoarse. \"We'll find one in that town we're going to, won't we? There must be a doctor around there.\" She argued. He closed his eyes to calm himself, feeling much for taking out his gun and planting a bullet into the skull of this girl that got him nothing but trouble and aggravation. \"What's a town without a doctor? Or are you perhaps worried he won't be willing to treat you? You know they have to.. they swore an oath to-..\" \"Shut up!\" He rounded on her, turning his horse towards hers in a violent movement, causing her own mount to stagger in surprise. \"For once in yer goddamn life know when to shut up! Know when to stop! The last thing ah need is hearin' yer voice tellin' me what ah've known for decades! Long before ye even saw the light of day! You have to know when you messed up.. and you messed up! So get back! Behind me! NOW!\" as she halted her horse, getting behind him, he grabbed the knob of his saddle to steady himself. \"Ah don't want to see you right now. Be smart and stay outta mah sight.\" He continued pitifully. \"Ah don't want to hear another word comin' from yer smart mouth.\" Now forced into silence, she followed his swaying trail, fighting back tears of fear, shock and the gnawing hollowness of guilt. She no longer bothered to keep up, and her horse fell back in slow steps. The distance she had created between her and the wounded criminal gave her a false sense of safety. There was no kindness in this man. Just toleration, patience and an almost ancient form of wisdom she could not place. But no one ever claimed the devil was stupid. Everybody always seemed to agree he was smart and cunning. Never before had her own prairie, her own tall grass fields she called home, felt so foreign, so distant in its never ending enormity. She watched the sun rise till it was straight above her. Her rays cool this time of year, spreading only little warmth. A wind struck up, blowing cold air down from the mountains, the clouds carrying the winter's snow seemed to follow them across the frozen plains. Slowly, Butch and his horse turned into small dots on the horizon. But she felt no desire, or need, to keep up with him. All she needed to do, was follow the trail of blood he left behind in the snow. They came across a grazing herd of Longhorn cows, closely monitored by a team of cowboys. If they had recognized Butch as a wanted criminal, they didn't show it, and went about their business as was custom of these parts. Dressed in thick woollen coats, their beards long and their faces weathered, they tipped their snow covered hats as she passed them by. They kept their animals moving, as to prevent them from freezing to the ground. She didn't know what to say to them, and so, she nodded back. The idea to ask for help hardly crossed her mind. There was no one that could help her now. She made her way around the moving livestock, dodging the paths of young calves, jumping and running in pure joy, like children seeing snow for the first time. And behind the herd, Butch was waiting for her. His horse halted, its side facing her path. But when he saw she was on her way, he turned his mount toward the horizon again. As always, he was keeping an eye on her, in his own curious and unpredictable way. He mind wandered to her mother again. Fearing the worst now that the snow had made its entrance. If she was in Colby's windy sheriff's office, behind the bars of a prison cell, there was nothing to protect her from the cold. Eleanor hardly believed mister Dan Reid could be that cruel, but then again, he didn't seem to be making the calls in this situation anymore. That ranger's star on his jacket a pointless reminder of what he no longer represented. She thought of Henry Elton, and felt a wave of rage wash over her, balding her fists despite the freezing cold. She felt her knuckles crack, bending suddenly after holding her horse's reins for so long. She whimpered in pain, and looked down at what she had done to herself. Her fingers a dangerous shade of blue. She sniffled back tears, and tried to spot Butch in the far distance. But the fog of the frozen ground made the air hazy, and obstructed her vision. This goddamned desolated place. This desert of nothing, that played with your mind, and turned men into beasts. She cursed it now. Every rock, every snake, every hot day, and every cold one too. Why would anyone ever decide to live here? What is it that moved men to travel across plains like this one, just to see what was on the other side? A crudely crafted wooden sign, tilted until it almost touched the ground, came into her view. STANDING FAITH: 2 MILES. POPULATION: 67 NO GUNS ALLOWED BY ORDER OF SHERIFF JONES. Sheriff Jones was going to have a field day. That much was certain. She had no idea how old this sign was, how many people had passed it, knowing the laws and rules had changed, but not the sign. A little up ahead, Butch waited for her again, and this time, he remained still as she approached. She had seen corpses, during open casket funerals, that looked better than him right now. \"We're about to go into town.\" He said, panting as if he had just ran a mile. Sweat dripped down his face, which was an ashen grey. \"Once we're there, ah need ye te leave me be fer a while. Ye think ye can cough that up fer me?\" it almost sounded like he was pleading, begging, to please, keep her distance. Refusal seemed almost torture. \"Think yer brave enough?\" She nodded, raising her chin proudly, wanting him not to worry about her right now. He studied her for a minute, as if trying to figure out if she was being truthful. \"Alright then.\" He rummaged through his pockets, and handed her a handful of coins. \"Tis all ah got.\" He remarked as she stored it away in several pockets of Frank's jacket. \"But it should buy ye a bedroom, a bath, a meal, a drink, whatever the hell it is ye want.\" \"Can't we share one like we did at Rosa's?\" she asked softly. \"Maybe you shouldn't be alone with this.\" He shook his head and coughed, blood covering his lips. Like it was nothing, he wiped it away roughly, impatiently. \"yer goin' te get a room for yerself at the Fifth Massachusetts Grand Hotel directly on your left.\" He explained her calmly. \"Yer going to tell the man runnin' it, ah guy named Claymore, te keep an eye on ye on mah behalf.\" She listened intently, and waited for him to catch his breath before continuing. \"And keep ye there, until ah come te collect ye.\" \"You want me to ask a man to keep me prisoner?\" she asked sceptically. \"I hardly think that's necessary.\" \"Ah'll be the one te decide what's necessary, and what isn't.\" he told her sternly. His eyes warned her not to fight him right now. Their piercing shade of blue now a pale grey of sickness. \"And how do I know for certain you will come to collect me?\" she asked carefully, looking down at her frozen hands. \"Ye don't.\" he wheezed. \"Yer just gonna have te trust me. What choice ye got?\" she said nothing, and refused to look at him. \"Hm?\" he urged her rudely. She bit her bottom lip, and shook her head. \"Did ah ever abandon ye before?\" she felt tears well up. \"Did ah ever break one promise?\" \"You will.\" She nodded to herself, enforcing her crude words. \"Some day.\" He gazed at her tiredly. \"some day.\" He told her. \"Not today.\" Thinking he had said about enough to appease her fears, he turned his horse away from her, urged it into a gallop, and took off into the hazy fog of winter. Now truly left to her own defence, the cold suddenly seemed more intense, and she shivered violently, huddling into the collar of Frank's thin jacket. She decided to take her time entering the town. Thinking over what she was going to say to anyone asking her a question about who she was, and where she came from, and who she travelled with. Two miles seemed half a day's ride. And the cold followed her like an unwanted dog. Then finally, the wooden structures of the small town erected in front of her. Like Colby, it lay in the middle of nowhere, vulnerable to all elements and threats the desert had to offer. Due to the coming storm, there was no one out on the streets, and she considered herself lucky to be spared from curious glances. Like Butch had said, the Fifth Massachusetts Grand Hotel was directly on her left. It took on three buildings, and the banisters were decorated in banners bearing Union colours. It seemed to be the largest structure in town. Music could be heard from behind the foggy panelled windows. Gathering her courage, she dismounted stiffly, her muscles almost frozen into place. With stiff fingers, she tied the reins of her horse around a post, until she noticed the sign next to the front door. HORSES AROUND THE CORNER. A badly drawn horse and a hand pointing to the right informed those that could not read of the same message. Untying her exhausted mount, she lead him around the corner of the building, where a big stable was put there for customers. The two big barn doors were closed, but there were lights on inside, and a young boy came out to take her horse from her. \"How many nights?\" He asked, petting Bobby's cold muzzle. \"One.. I think.\" She answered. Her doubt didn't seem to surprise the child, and he nodded, holding up his hand. \"That'll be fifty cents.\" Had it been any other day, she would have bargained for a better price, but right now, she didn't have the energy, or willpower, to start an argument. Wordlessly, she paid him, and watched him lead Bobby into the warm, cosy stable, where he would be fine and well taken care off. For a second, she wondered where Butch had brought Annabel. But he never seemed to care much about his loyal mare, and she was probably tied to a hitching post somewhere outside a building. When Eleanor entered the establishment, the grand downstairs bar turned silent, and heads turned toward the snow covered girl in man's clothing. It was as she had expected then. She was a sight to see, but right now, she didn't care. She made her way toward the long, beautifully made counter. It's top of a shiny copper. A large, well build, coloured man stood behind it, dressed in an Union army uniform. He eyed her with seemingly no emotion on his face. Behind him, several framed pictures of soldiers posing decorated the wooden walls. And several artefacts, all related to the Union army, hung carefully preserved around the main hall, along with the usual hunting trophies of buffalo and deer heads. The large fireplace roared with a giant fire, and all customers had gathered their chairs around it, desperate for warmth. Consequently, the entire counter was hers, and no one would listen to what she had to say to the owner. Shyly, she placed her hat on the counter, and swallowed thickly before speaking. \"Are you Claymore?\" The big man looked down at her like she was a fly he was about to send to the next world with his dishwashing towel. \"who wants to know?\" His voice was deep, and dark, and told her this was a man not to be messed with. \"I came here with Butch Cavendish. And he's got a message for you.\" The man said nothing. \"Do you want to hear it?\" No answer. His uncooperative manner started to bug her, and she sighed, gathering her bravery. \"He wants you to know I'll be staying over for tonight. I can pay. But he wants you to keep.. an eye on me.. until he returns.\" The man raised one dark eyebrow, seemingly unimpressed. \"And when will that be?\" She swallowed thickly. \"I don't know. He's in town, but I don't know where he's staying. But I-\" \"If he in town. I know where he be staying.\" The man interrupted her. \"And if he don't want you to know where that be. You will not hear it from me.\" She let out an annoyed huff. \"Fine. Be that way. Both of you.\" She rummaged through her pockets, taking out some coins. \"How much do I owe you for tonight?\" \"Bedroom is two dollars. Company another two dollars. Any drink one Dollar. What will it be?\" She placed three dollars on the counter. \"I would be delighted with a cup of warm milk.\" She ordered. Taking his time, he picked up the coins, and put them in his pockets. \"Do I look like a dairy cow to you?\" He asked. \"I don't serve milk. Much less if it's warmed.\" She rubbed her tired eyes. \"Fine. Give me whatever you think I'd like.\" Minutes later, a shot glass of whiskey was roughly clanked in front of her, spilling most of its contents on the copper counter. With her order, came a set of keys. \"Room six is yours for tonight. No company after midnight, no horses in the rooms, if I hear complaints about noise, I'll tear off your head and feed it to the Chinaman's pigs.\" He told her. Giving her the same set of rules he entertained for any customer. She grabbed the keys, offended by his treatment, and chucked back her drink without breaking eye contact. \"You ever got someone who tried to bring their horse into their room?\" He refilled her glass slowly. \"You'd be surprised.\" She chuckled and placed another two dollars for him to take, before turning around in her tall bar stool, taking in her surroundings more calmly. The men by the fireplace still shot her curious glances over their shoulders, and undoubtedly discussed her unusual form in hushed tones. The women that kept them company were dressed in their fineries, and giggled at her appearance. All in all, it was the same sort of setting as Rosa's fort. But the mood was more unforgiving, more judgemental. And where Rosa had tried everything in her power to make her feel welcome, these people did their outmost best to make her feel like a freak that didn't belong here, or anywhere. The men weren't criminals. They were cow herders. Much like she had seen on her way here. This wasn't a town ran by outlaws. It wasn't that transparent. This was a town with a secret agenda. And it was never clear whether you talked to a friend or a foe. With this knowledge, this town seemed worse than any other place she had ever been to. She turned back to Claymore, who was now drying a stack of freshly washed shot glasses, still eyeing her with the same unforgiving expression. \"Where can I get something to eat?\" she asked softly. Taking his time, Claymore finished drying and polishing his glass, and put it behind him with the others. All as spotless as the one he just added. \"How long have you been travelling with the captain?\" He asked. She tilted her head at his question, puzzled by his knowledge of Butch's military past. And then it hit her. Behind him, on the decorated wall, was a photo of a much younger looking Butch, dressed in a military uniform, proudly standing next to a much younger looking Claymore, and several other men she didn't recognize. \"You were one of his men.\" She concluded, more to herself than to the man in front of her. He nodded slowly. She smiled despite herself, having discovered yet another piece of the puzzle that made the man she had reluctantly put her trust in. \"He looked so different.\" She added softly, gazing at the black and white photo. \"He's the same.\" Claymore corrected her calmly. \"Be the world that's different.\" With that, he walked away, done with their conversation. He abandoned his counter without warning, and disappeared behind a door. Leaving the tired girl with her new found puzzle piece. She sipped her drink in quiet humility, no longer complaining that she was once again forced to drink something she absolutely loathed. In fact, for now she welcomed its strong, numbing taste. It dulled her senses in a pleasant, welcome nothingness. Emptying her mind, and at the same time, brought her back to earth. She was unable to tear her eyes from the photo. Butch stared back at her with a weary expression she had come to know so well. It wasn't the war that gave him those empty eyes. It was something she didn't know anything about. Something that went unspoken, something he hid behind the wall of his inner self, never to be seen by anyone. Finally able to look away, she dropped her eyes to her half empty glass, making it spin between her fingers on the smooth copper top. Lost in thought, she didn't realize the commotion behind her. A young man was dared and taunted into making conversation with her. And was pushed in her direction by much older colleagues. He chuckled and laughed, already half drunk, as he made his way across the saloon, putting on his hat and dusting off his trousers. He slammed his elbow on the counter top, trying to put on his most impressive pose, leaning casually next to the girl. \"Howdy\" He started, full of confidence this was going to work out. Her numbed senses caused his words to reach her with some delay, and she frowned at the rude volume he used, and the sheer annoyance of the situation. Stunned by her silence, he looked over his shoulder to his buddies for help. They made movements to tell him to try again, keep trying. He cleared his throat, now made nervous. \"Ah said howdy.\" He tried again. \"Sure aint ladylike te keep a man waitin' like this.\" She downed her drink and looked at him. His goofy smile only increasing her aggravation. \"You want ladylike?\" she asked. His smile faded slowly. \"How about I tell you to go to Hell? Is that ladylike enough for you? Cause I doubt any real lady would say something else to the likes of you.\" His smile turned into a frown of offense, and he changed his pose quickly. \"Well, dog gone it. How dare ye say somethin' like that?! Women aren't even supposed te be in a place like this! Don't matter if ye parade around in trousers like some tom boy!\" \"Get lost.\" She said again. \"Or get in trouble. Your call.\" He huffed, letting out a breathy chuckle. \"Trouble? The only trouble ah foresee is the poor man blockheaded enough to marry ye! He's in for trouble, alright!\" she said nothing, her rage building slowly. \"Girls like yerself should be put in jail if ye ask me. Ye aint man enough to call yerself a whore, but ye trudge around in pants till someone had it, and all that's waitin' fer ye is gettin' yer honor stolen in some alley, give life te another bastard that'll turn out to be some criminal.\" Again, she tried to concentrate on her breathing, as the insults rained down on her. \"It's women like yerself that give these parts a bad name.\" His voice had turned into a menacing whisper. \"It's women that doomed the earth ye know.\" She had it. without realizing, she reached over the counter, grabbed a bottle, and slammed it as hard as she could across his face. He screamed in pain and terror as glass shatters dug their way into his skin. He fell to the wooden floor, writhing around in the puddle of blood and booze. The other men got to their feet, knocking over their chairs, to come to his aid, and teach her a lesson. Still holding on the neck of the bottle, she held it in front of her as a weapon. \"I'm with the Cavendish gang!\" she called out to the group of furious cow herders, who stopped dead in their tracks. The sheer power Butch's last name held over anyone who called the west their home, now manifested itself to her benefit. And she felt tall, she felt strong, she felt untouchable. \"Anyone who messes with me.. answers to him.\" if looks could kill, she would have been dead. But looks was all she got. She dropped the bottle neck to the floor, and sat back down, turned her back toward the crowd and smiled to herself. She just tossed herself over the edge, landing harshly into the outlaw world, and there she'd stay. R&R;![Chapter 30] Wooooow.. sorry about the long wait, guys. I promise the next update won't take this long. Chapter 30 \"Get Jones\" The words were whispered behind her back. Sheriff Jones did not tolerate violence in his town. She remembered the sign she had read right before entering this small village. And she would now meet the man she had only feared meeting because of the criminal she travelled with. She had feared for him, and not herself. Because what would a sheriff want with her anyway? She was a girl. Just a girl. But she had ruined that for herself. She was a violator of a law she had lived by all her life. The alcohol was sinking in. She felt warm, despite the cold air making its entrance because someone was holding the door open. More people had gathered behind her. She listened to the soft wailing of the young man she had attacked. There had been voices calling for the doctor, and someone had ran out to get him, but when he returned with the message the doctor wasn't in his office, and was nowhere to be found, the young man had to wait. He had been given something to drink, and his friends were with him. She couldn't quite say if she regretted her actions or not. The booze turned her mind into a slurry mess of sounds and images, and she felt like sleeping. Just to put her head down on the smooth countertop and wait till this nightmare had passed. Butch would come get her, and make everything right again, like she had seen him do over and over again. He would come eventually. He wouldn't leave her here, would he? Would he? Slowly, the alcohol altered her thoughts of bravery, and turned them into a gnawing feeling of insecurity, and after a while she felt the fear building in the pit of her stomach. How many men were behind her now? She didn't dare to peer over her shoulder. She hadn't done so ever since she broke that bottle. She shivered, but not from cold. More spurs and heavy boots entered the facility. Men talking to eachother in hushed voices. Figuring out what to do with her. Claymore only returned from the backroom when someone called for him. He came, but didn't answer any questions. Nothing had taken place on his watch, he had purposely made himself useful in the awaiting trial. She wasn't sure this was the kind of protection Butch had envisioned Claymore to give her, but for now, it seemed the big veteran was her only friend. He stood in front of her, peering at the growing group of spectators. She looked up at him briefly, sweat dripping down her forehead. \"How many people are behind me?\" she whispered. He met her eyes after a short silence. \"Be everybody now.\" After that, she whimpered in fear and looked down at her empty glass. She had downed about four of those. Thinking the liquor gave her strength. She had been so sure of herself moments ago. Why did it change so suddenly? Violent shivers shook her body, and all she heard was her own trembling breathing. When she sheriff entered the saloon, the frantic whispering died down slightly. She wondered what he looked like. Was he a man in a suit like Elton? Did he resemble more of a scrubby outlaw like most lawmen did? He asked questions, and they were answered by various witnesses. His voice sounded old, but not too old. Low and raspy, he was a definite smoker, the tar in his lungs had gradually altered his voice. She half expected him to come up to her. To be the first one she would have to answer to. To perhaps get a chance to explain her side of the story. But he did no such thing. After the two longest minutes of her life, he said one thing out loud. \"Get the reverend.\" She frowned in confusion, and looked up at Claymore for help, but he no longer granted her the privilege of eye contact. He was impassive. It took forever for the reverend to arrive, but when he did, the room went deadly quiet. His slow, calculated steps, echoed through the floor boards. He wore spurs, like he was the next cowhand in town. He was in no hurry, and walked like he did this every day, almost bored with the situation already. The sheriff was tapping the nose of his boot on the floor in impatience, he clearly disagreed with the reverend's slow response. \"Took you long enough.\" He grumbled to the reverend. \"Not everyone's idle on a Friday night, Bill.\" The reverend's voice was much lighter, but it had a sharp edge to it, like he was a man to be reckoned with. \"Pyjama party with the locals?\" \"Your old pal's in town.\" The sheriff spat disrespectfully. \"And brought this troublemaker with him. She claims to be part of the Cavendish gang.\" The reverend said nothing, and so the sheriff continued. \"She broke Matthew's jaw with a bottle. Ah've never seen anything like this.\" \"ah cin never eat normally again!\" Matthew's mangled, broken voice made her jump a little. \"Look at me!\" \"Quiet, Matthew!\" The sheriff had enough. \"Quit your wailing or I'll break yer neck too!\" the young boy said nothing more. \"Git rid of her. And the trouble that she took with her. Ahm sure ye know where te find him.\" there was a short pause. \"Father.\" The sheriff spat crudely. \"You want me to throw out a child in a snowstorm, Bill?\" there was no answer. \"I'm not about to do such a thing. Besides, I never knew Cavendish to allow women in his gang, let alone children.\" \"You're telling me you're willing to subject this town to the terror of your old friends?!\" The sheriff sounded angry, and snarled his words impatiently. This was a discussion that had taken place between the two men before, and it had driven the sheriff into a state of furious frustration. \"Ah will shoot this girl right here, right now if you don't make them leave, Brady! By God I will!\" \"I wouldn't make such promises if I were you.\" The reverend's voice was still calm as water. \"You already owe God way too much.\" The last remark served as a clear warning, given in a calm and calculated manner. The sheriff was quiet, and the next thing she heard were the reverend's slow footsteps approaching her, taking a seat next to her. He sat down, like it was just a normal day, and smiled at Claymore politely. \"Coffee, please.\" He ordered, before turning to look at the girl, who did her best not to look at him. A steaming cup was placed in front of him moments later, and he shoved it toward the shivering young woman. She peered into the black beverage, the surface so smooth she could see her own reflection in it. The very scent of it made her nauseous, and the gesture made everything all the more confusing. \"I don't like coffee.\" She whispered, still anger in her voice. \"If you're tough enough to drink this.\" The reverend lectured, fishing her empty shot glass from the bar, and toying with it in his hand. \"You're tough enough to drink coffee.\" He placed the glass back in front of her. \"Or are you not so tough after all?\" Feeling challenged, she picked up the warm mug with shivering hands, and took a careful sip. The hot drink fell into her stomach mercilessly. She had no idea what she was trying to proof to this man, but she had already taken it too far not to continue. She downed the whole cup, and placed it back on its saucer with a loud clang. She swallowed the last remaining big gulp that she had saved up in her mouth, feeling her body protest against the very thought of handing this over to her empty stomach as well. When she swallowed, she felt herself turn a sickening shade of green, and the room turned in front of her. But the reverend pretended not to notice her displeasure, and shoved the empty cup toward Claymore, who was still a silent witness to the whole thing. \"Another one, please.\" The reverend ordered. In horror, she watched the mug being refilled. \"A clouded mind cannot speak.\" He finally explained to her. \"I want your head cleared before we continue this circus.\" The last sentence was spoken so softly, she was sure he was trying to keep the sheriff out of their conversation. While sipping her second round of strong coffee, she finally decided to peer at the man next to her. Finally made so curious about his appearance she couldn't keep up her act no more. He was a tall, lean man. With dark greying hair that fell to his shoulders in ragged strands, much like Butch's. They were about the same age too, she reckoned. His hands were rough, and heavily veined, like he had done more in his life but study and preach. When he turned his head to meet her curious gaze, she couldn't help but inhale sharply. The other half of his face was a mangled, scarred mess of burn marks. It had affected his eye too. One of them was brown, but the other, on the scarred part, was a pale, milky white. He was half blind, and his injuries had caused him his eyesight. She quickly averted her gaze, to not seem rude, and felt herself turn a bright shade of red. He chuckled softly at her childish behaviour, and ordered himself a drink as well. When it was put in front of him, he picked up the glass and chucked back its contents in one short haul. For a while it seemed their conversation was over, but then he continued. \"You know it's a dangerous thing to claim to be part of a gang of outlaws.\" He whispered. \"I never met a person who got better from it. It's not telling the truth, for starters. And then there's facing the consequences of actually being treated like you're part of a gang.\" She realized he didn't believe her. \"I'm sure all that wasn't your intention when you spread that lie around, was it?\" \"I'm not lying.\" She argued. \"I've been travelling with them for days now. I'm part of his gang as well as any other member.\" \"Is that so now.\" He didn't seem convinced. \"Then that is your own misfortune. I cannot help you if you keep up this act. I know Cavendish, you're the last one on earth he'd take up in this gang. You don't exactly match the profile.\" He ordered himself another refill, and chucked back this one as fast as the first. She watched his movements with a mixture of curiosity and frustration. \"And I suppose Frank does match the profile?\" she dared, raising one eyebrow in disbelief. \"Or is Jack Barret more of the profile you're referring to perhaps?\" He looked at her, searching for her eyes, and she felt his gaze hit her deepest core. \"Cavendish took me with him when railroad sharks burned down my house.\" She explained, her voice frantic as she fought back tears, brought on by the memories of her father's burning farm. \"I've been everywhere. The mountains, Rosa's fort, because I have nowhere else to go. And you dare to tell me I don't match the profile?\" He tilted his head at the girl getting more and more upset. \"You met Rosa?\" \"Yes, I did.\" She wiped away her tears roughly, not wanting to cry in front of this man. \"She gave me a book when we left. I know the men that are after me found her because of me. And you have no idea how heavy the weight of that guilt feels. And I pray every night that she's okay.\" The reverend's face had paled, and his expression had changed into that of a man listening intently. \"Who are these men that are after you?\" his voice had darkened. She pursed her lips to calm herself. \"I don't know them all by name.\" she started. \"But they're lead by Henry Elton. I think they're mercenaries. Or.. Cavendish thinks they are. Hired by the railroad. They want me, and they want Cavendish. We wouldn't be in this town if he hadn't gotten hurt because of me. We wouldn't be sitting around if it was up to us. But he's.. badly wounded and right now.. we're sitting ducks.\" The reverend said nothing, and just gazed at her impassively. \"So if he's a friend of you, then help us. Help me.\" \"He's no friend of mine.\" The reverend replied. \"Not anymore, he isn't.\" \"Then you've sentenced us both to death.\" She shot back. \"Is that what you want?\" The man looked away from her pleading stare, and took to peering at the photo of Butch, Claymore and a bunch of other men, a long time ago. \"Where is he?\" She shook her head. \"I don't know. He didn't want me to know. Somewhere in town.\" \"Be the Chinaman's house.\" Claymore mumbled gruffly. \"There where no decent folk will come.\" The reverend nodded in agreement, and ordered another shot of whiskey to gather his bravery. \"Today, Brady!\" The sheriff's sharp tone made her flinch. \"She leaves or she hangs! What's it gonna be?!\" She still didn't dare to peer over her shoulder, and instead took to staring pleadingly at the calm reverend sitting beside her. She trembled as she watched him contemplate his next move. \"You're in a lot of trouble.\" He finally decided on telling her, finishing his drink with incredible speed. \"You've come from far to find it and you did. I don't know what on earth compelled you to follow a man like Cavendish but be that as it may..\" He sighed deeply. \"I'll help you and that old coyote one more time.\" With that being said, he turned around slowly to face the impatient Sheriff and half of the town's people. \"This young woman wants to confess.\" He said to the audience behind them. \"Wonderful.\" The sheriff grumbled, his hands in his sides. \"Is she part of that gang or not? Is Cavendish in town? Do I need to call for reinforcements?\" \"To God, Jones.\" The reverend continued. \"She wants to confess to God. And not the sheriff. That's her right as a Christian, and you cannot deny her that.\" The sheriff almost rolled his eyes. Almost, if he hadn't been surrounded by people that visited the church every day, and laid their faith into this good for nothing priest. Instead he growled softly, and muttered something under his breath. \"She aint leavin' this saloon before ah got clarity on her motives. Ah want to know if Cavendish is in town, or not.\" The reverend chuckled mockingly. \"Come now, Bill. You see gang members everywhere. You cannot possibly believe this child to be part of a gang so vicious as that of Cavendish. I thought you'd be wiser than that.\" The Sheriff narrowed his eyes at the insult, but decided not to turn the town's folk against himself. \"You get her to confess, and then you rapport back to me immediately. I want to know that girl's story before midnight, Brady. Did ah make myself clear here?\" He pointed a warning finger at the holy man, but didn't wait for a reply. He turned to make his leave, and took his deputies with him. Eleanor said nothing as she watched the men leave. \"What happens next?\" she asked. \"It's time to confess. Come on.\" He stood up from his bar stool, and waited for her to get up. He steadied her by placing a hand on her shoulder, leading her through the crowd of spectators that shot her dirty looks. The women, dressed in bonnets in faded colours, shook their heads as she passed. Their hands to their heart, as if the whole situation was just too much for them to comprehend. The reverend lead her out of the saloon, and she breathed in the cold, crisp winter air. The snow had started, and had covered the dusty streets in a thick layer of white fluff in less than two hours. Thick flakes twirled down from the night sky, and she peered up at the grey blanket of cold clouds hovering over the town. They had failed to reach the rest of the gang before the first snow fall. And she wondered if they were together, waiting for their leader to arrive, and perhaps questioning what had happened along the way. She hoped they were alright, and in a better place than she and Butch. The church was at the end of the town's main street. It was the only building that had been painted white, and it was almost invisible in the snow that surrounded it. A small chapel like she knew so well. They basically all looked the same, no matter where you went. The town's people they had left behind, had followed them out of the saloon. And watched the girl and the reverend make their way down the street, into the church, of which the two heavy wooden doors were closed behind them. There was nothing inside the chapel. No benches, no altar, not even candles or chandeliers. It was a vacant building that only resembled a church from the outside. She halted by the entrance to take in the strange decoration, or rather lack thereof. \"Pity, really.\" The reverend started, taking off his black cloak to hang it over her shoulders. She wrapped it around herself immediately, and thanked him quietly. \"When this town was build, it was a lovely church. With benches and a beautiful altar.\" \"What happened?\" she asked. \"Thieves.\" The reverend explained calmly. \"They came in here, a few years after the town was build. Took everything. Killed the former reverend too.\" He looked down at her shocked face. \"Atleast it gave us a good idea of what to name the town.\" Standing Faith. Because the chapel had no church benches to sit in. The worship took place in a standing position. Despite the sadness of the situation, she let out a breathy chuckle at the simplicity of its solution. She watched the reverend make his way to where the altar had once been, and light the small fireplace. She shivered as the small church started to heat up, and finally felt how tired she really was. \"It's funny really.\" Brady started, his back still to her as he put more logs on the fire. \"Butch's injuries explain why the doctor let poor Matthew the cowhand wait his turn. It's a first come, first serve policy with old doctor Dawson, bless his heart.\" She swallowed thickly thinking of Butch's shot wound, almost afraid to tell the reverend it was her fault he got shot. \"Cavendish' injuries were quite more severe.\" She said with a small voice. The reverend didn't respond, and she shifted her weight from one frozen leg to the other, needing him to listen to her. \"It was my fault too.\" She finally said, biting her lip as she felt herself tear up. The reverend didn't move for a moment, and then slowly peered over his shoulder to look at her. \"Did you shoot him?\" Her eyes widened at the very thought of doing such a thing, and she shook her head frantically. \"Of course not!\" she said, almost offended that the man would think such a thing of her, even though he barely knew her. \"No.. I..I got between him and a child. He was going to kill a young boy. And I stopped him, and then the boy shot him instead.\" The reverend made a face. \"Shot by a child.\" He chuckled darkly. \"He's not going to thank you for that one.\" \"Then what was I supposed to do?\" she asked, exasperated. \"Just let him kill a young boy?\" \"I don't know what I would have done in such a situation.\" The reverend confessed, getting up from the wooden floor. \"But I know Cavendish went through worse when he was but a boy. Sometimes getting shot isn't the worst fate awaiting a man.\" She said nothing, and shivered from exhaustion. \"I'm going over to see him now.\" Brady continued. She looked up at him. \"I want you to stay here and not open that door for anyone but me.\" \"I want to come with you.\" She argued, taking a step in his direction. \"I want to see him too. I'm worried about him.\" \"I'll send him your well-wishes.\" The reverend said calmly, holding up his hand to stop her. \"But you're going to stay here and wait for my return. I know he wanted to be alone with this for a reason, which I do not pretend to understand, but I do know him. It's better for you to stay put and listen to him.\" defeated, she swallowed thickly, and took a step back. She nursed him back to health before, and she remembered how he tolerated her caring more than once. But his illness had not been caused by her, she reminded herself. It was her fault he got shot. It was her fault they missed their rendezvous with the rest of the gang. It was her fault they were forced to linger in this town, with him set on inactive. Angry with herself, she nodded, and looked away. The reverend placed his warm hand on her shoulder, and gave it a comforting squeeze. \"Get some rest. I'll be back as soon as I can.\" With that, he turned around to leave. Leaving her behind in the deserted chapel with his heavy cloak around her shivering body. But with the wind howling outside, beating against the wooden structure of the church, she couldn't bear to stay in this building alone by herself. Not with her mind wrecked with worry. \"I'm coming with you!\" she cried out, hurrying after him as he stood in the doorway. She was about to get the lecture of a lifetime but she didn't care. \"You cannot keep me in here. Claymore couldn't, and neither can you. I'm coming with you. I'll do it without your knowledge if you refuse me, I'll climb up the roof if I have to! I will not be left alone again! Never again!\" Tears of panic rolled down her pale face, her cheeks a healthy pink now that she was warming up. \"Cavendish will tell you all about how stubborn I can be. I will come after you, I swear I will.\" The reverend chuckled at her determination. \"I'm sure you will.\" \"Then let me come with you.\" she pleaded. \"I'm wrecked with worry. I won't rest until I know he's alright. This is all my fault. Give me a chance to make it right.\" After a moment of hesitation, the reverend gave in, and nodded. \"Alright.\" He sighed. \"This should be an interesting reunion.\" He already dreaded the moment he had to explain to Cavendish he couldn't keep this child out of his bedroom. I promise the next chapter will involve more hurt/comfort :) R&R;[Chapter 31] To Janelle: Thank you for your super sweet review! Sadly, copied links don't work on this site. So I didn't get your email. You can always reach me on DeviantArt under the same name. Thank you again! To Silvian: Totally on purpose. Thank you for your review! Chapter 31 Because of the dreadful weather, the streets were deserted. And Eleanor could follow reverend Brady without being seen. Her breath was visible, and reflected the light of the pale moon trying to peer through the snow filled clouds. The snow didn't cease, and she had a hard time not to slip on the already in ice covered ground. The bottoms of her boots were made of smooth leather, not build for walking in a snow covered landscape. The world was deadly quiet. Like it could do when the snow started falling. As if mother nature was in mourning, and commanded all the birds to be silent. They left the good part of town behind them, here the outsiders gathered on dirty porches in creaking rocking chairs. They followed the girl and priest without moving their heads. Women in ripped dresses and thin muddy faces leaned against doorposts, crossing their bare arms over their chests defiantly at the strangers coming into their part of town. Eleanor knew these were working girls, but they somehow looked worse off than the girls at Rosa's fort. She knew Colby had a rough site to it too, but she had never dared to venture there. Her mother had warned her about it when she was just a little girl, still curious and naïve. They entered a narrow alley, the two buildings, both sealed shut with boarded windows, nearly touched at the top. They were crooked, and badly build. The snow on the ground had already been mixed with filthy mud, and she made a face in disgust at the horrible smell that hit her full force. The alley ended in a backyard kind of place, where pigs turned the earth and snow upside down in search of food. She had expected Butch to search for refuge in a brothel of some sort, but this didn't resemble any brothel she knew of. Unless these pigs were to be dressed up every evening.. she cringed at the thought. The sound of someone chopping up big pieces of meat was the only thing that reminded her she was in fact still inside a town, and had not entered purgatory. Under a crudely set up stall, a large Asian man wearing a blood stain covered butcher's apron, chopped up what seemed to her to be pig after pig. Giant barrels, filled to the rim with various body parts, decorated the premises. This all explained the disgusting smell. The man noticed his visitors, but didn't seem to care. He eyed them suspiciously, but never ceased wielding his butcher's axe, shoving the newly cut pieces into their designated barrels. But to her own distaste, this was exactly the place Brady had been looking for, and he walked up the big man with confident strides. \"I need to speak to Cavendish.\" He said. The axe chopped off a pig's hind leg, and the man looked at Brady like he wished it had been his face. \"He not here.\" He barked. \"I don't know him.\" Brady tilted his head and gave the man a bored look. \"Are we going to go through this again, Hai Cheng? Surely, you've got more important things to attend to tonight. Business as usual. It's Friday. Place must be packed. I can smell the stuff from here.\" \"No stuff here.\" Hai Cheng barked, shoving a pig's head into a barrel, its sickening thud when it hit the bottom almost made the girl cowering behind the priest gag. \"Only pigs. Pigs and girls.\" \"Pigs and girls.\" Brady repeated, nodding in disbelief. \"Are you ever going to get tired of this act at all? How long have you been at this, I wonder. Long before I made my entrance into this foul place.\" \"You go.\" Hai Cheng said, pointing his butcher's knife toward the exit, the way from which they came. \"You have no business here.\" But Brady didn't move. \"I told you already.\" He spoke calmly. \"I need to speak to Butch Cavendish. We're.. acquainted. We travelled together. A long.. very long time ago.\" Eleanor looked up at him in surprise. The revelation suddenly making sense to her tired brain. Hai Cheng didn't seem to be buying his story and narrowed his dark eyes at the smooth talking reverend. \"Prove it.\" He raised his chin at the priest haughtily. In the blink of an eye the reverend had reached into the inside of his long, black coat, pulled out a gun and held it at an inch from Hai Cheng's face. \"Don't make me do this.\" Brady said coldly. \"I'd be the one burying you and I don't feel like digging a hole in the frozen ground big enough to accommodate your frame.\" The Chinaman had not expected such a thing, and dropped his butcher's knife as he raised his fat arms above his head in surrender. \" No shoot!\" He stuttered. \"No shoot! I have family in China!\" \"Yea.\" Brady mumbled, putting his revolver back in its holster. \"Something tells me they're better off without you.\" He placed his hand on the shaken girl's shoulder and pushed her forward. \"Let's go.\" He urged her to follow him while they passed Hai Cheng, who still looked visibly shaken from the whole ordeal. They entered an old, badly erected door, for which Brady had to dug slightly to not bump his head. Inside, the smell was even more penetrating. Sheets hung to dry in the narrow hallway, and they both had to find their way through them. It seemed Hai Cheng ran a laundry service as well as a butcher's shop. The whole building seemed to be thrown together in a day, and a thick layer of smoke floated in the air in long, ghostly, strands. \"Where are we?\" she whispered. \"What is this place?\" \"Be quiet. Pretend you're Swedish and don't speak the language.\" He ordered, never peering over his shoulder as he lead the way through the maze of drying sheets until they reached another door, hidden behind a velvet, and partially faded, red curtain. Behind it, noises emerged. Women wailing, crying, and some screaming. All in Hai Cheng's own language. Men could be heard barking orders to no one in particular, or talk to themselves in hushed tones. \"Steady yourself.\" Brady said to her as he opened the door to let her in. It was as if she had entered hell itself. The next hall, with adjoining rooms with no doors, just the same flea bitten curtains, was a dark, dim lit hell hole. Emaciated Asian women sat on the floor, unconscious, or just barely awake, while dogs and rats scattered around the place. Some customers leaned against the walls, their eyes clouded as if they were somewhere else inside their minds. \"Opium.\" Brady whispered in her ear, noticing the young woman's shock. \"Mankind's worst enemy in these parts. Come on.\" He lead her further, stepping over several unconscious people like he was used to this. They went passed a man, with the same dazed expression, but he seemed to recognize the reverend. \"Father.\" He slurred, grabbing Brady's sleeve. \"Am ah dead?\" Slowly untangling the man's fingers, Brady sighed. \"You might be, Joe. If not, it won't take long before you are.\" With that less than comforting message, Joe was left to himself again. They entered one of the rooms, decorated with faded canapes. Here, the wealthier clients could smoke their opium, and enjoy the women Hai Cheng provided from the orient. Recently paid cowhands, miners, and wealthy looking men sat on the floor and stared into nothingness as the drugs turned them into real life zombies. A woman dressed in luxurious fineries, reached out to Eleanor, and pet her face like a kitten. \"Pretty.\" She slurred. Astonished, Eleanor took a step back, and was quickly pulled in by Brady, closer to his much larger form. \"That's Penelope. Wife of a man who struck Gold in the mountains. This is how she spends his fortune.\" He explained. \"You know all these people.\" Eleanor said. It wasn't a question, more of a conclusion. The reverend turned to her for the first time since they had entered the establishment, and stared her down with his one good eye. \"They're my flock.\" He explained bluntly. \"You don't get to choose one. You get the flock God appoints to you. Apparently He thought I could make myself useful among this one.\" He spread his arms, indicating the folks laying around, stoned out of their gorge. \"This is why men like Jones will never earn the respect of this town. He pretends this place doesn't exist. But he does need Hai Cheng's pigs from time to time to make someone disappear.\" \"And the girls?\" Eleanor asked with a small voice, looking over her shoulder to the passed out women, laying sprawled out on the filthy floor. Brady was silent for a moment, following her gaze with obvious reluctance. \"An unfortunate sign of the times.\" He whispered. \"Sold into slavery by their own dirt poor parents. A female child is worth little more than her worth on the market.\" She swallowed thickly, convinced there couldn't be a fate worse than this. \"This is not your world.\" He whispered into her ear comfortingly. \"Cavendish knows this. Why do you think he didn't want you to be with him right now?\" She felt herself tear up at what she could have been spared from had she only listened, had she not doubted Butch's motives, his plea to let him be. \"why would he be here?\" she spoke softly. \"What's to be found in a place like this?\" \"A cheap painkiller.\" Brady answered. \"Come on.\" He gently forced her to keep moving, to leave the room behind, in which silence ruled. She had a hard time pulling her eyes off the sight burned into her skull forever. Of these unfortunate souls, hardly human in their state of drug induced coma. Brady led her to the back of the room, to another door, this time closed, and knocked. No one answered. \"Cavendish?\" He called. \"It's Brady. Are you in there?\" Still occupied with looking around, Eleanor hardly noticed no one came to open the door. The walls of the building were so thin, that the pigs could be seen roaming around outside through the cracks in the wood. They stuck their snouts underneath the bottom of the boards, and sniffed the air, trying to get in. She could only imagine what happened when one of them succeeded, pigs were known to chew on anything laying on the ground, be it dead or alive. After a few more minutes of silence, the door was unlocked, and an elderly man peered around the doorway. He wore little round Golden spectacles on his nose, under which a large white moustache quivered from his heavy breathing. His face was covered in sweat, and he had opened the collar of his vest and shirt. \"Reverend?\" He asked, almost offended to find the man in a place like this. \"What on God's good earth compels you to be in a place like this?\" \"Doctor Dawson.\" Brady greeted, tipping his wide black hat. \"I need to speak to Cavendish.\" \"Well.\" The doctor peered over his shoulder for a moment. \"He's in no place to be speaking to anyone at the present time, father. How do you..?\" He caught sight of the girl hiding behind the tall reverend's shoulder, and frowned. \"What the.. Who is that?\" \"She's a friend of him.\" Brady cleared up. \"And of me. I convinced Hai Cheng to let us in. I can be.. very persuasive if need be.\" The doctor shot him a bored look. \"I cannot believe that man keeps falling for the same trick you pull on him every time you wish to gain access to this establishment.\" He mocked. \"If you two must know, mister Cavendish needs absolute rest, and cannot be bothered right now. I'm truly still here to make sure these darned pigs don't get to him. Figure he won't be thanking me if he woke up with his toes chewed off.\" Brady chuckled gruffly. \"Why don't you let us release you from your pig guarding duties, doctor? There's a young man waiting for your assistance in the Grand Massachusetts. I believe he's got a broken jaw, and quite some glass splinters to be picked out by hands more skilled than those of his friends.\" The doctor didn't look sure to leave his patient behind, but opened the door a little further nonetheless, fixing his shirt and collar in an attempt to make himself look more presentable. The cuffs of his white shirt were stained red with blood. \"I.. I suppose I should make myself useful somewhere else about now.\" He said, not quite sure of himself. \"I'm not happy about it. A patient in this state needs constant monitoring. Then again, I suppose he's not completely by himself right now. Though I beg to differ.\" \"Will he live?\" Brady asked, his voice void of any emotion. The doctor waited a little before answering. \"If he survives the night, he will live.\" He swallowed thickly when he caught sight of Eleanor's shocked expression. \"I'm sorry, miss. I have no better news to give you. Although mister Cavendish himself seems to be quite oblivious to the severity of his condition.\" \"Tell Hai Cheng he can come in ere and suck me if he wants his money right now!\" To Eleanor's relief, and despite his foul words, the sound of Butch's gruff voice was a most welcome addition to the current situation. \"Ah aint payin' four bucks for an overdosed chink. Not even fer two.\" The doctor pursed his lips in agitation and shot a look over his shoulder. \"The reverend Brady and a young woman are here to see you, mister Cavendish.\" Butch didn't answer, and Brady decided he had waited long enough. \"Wait here.\" He told the young woman, and pushed his way past the reluctant doctor. He opened the door with the tip of his black boot, to reveal Butch sitting in a bathtub holding an opium pipe. The water, steam rising from its hot surface, had a dark ruby colour, as Butch's recently stitched bullet wound still drizzled blood into the tub. But he didn't seem bothered by it. At his sides, there were two Asian women, constantly refilling the pipe with a fresh batch of drugs. They smoked it themselves, to get it going, and then offered it to the outlaw leader, whose eyes were glazed over from intoxication. \"Joshua.. Daniel.. Brady..\" Butch slurred at the reverend, a mocking smile on his pale face. \"Ah'll be damned. In a goddamn hog joint too. Ah see some things just aint never gonna change.\" He let out a low chuckle. \"Ye still wearin' the monkey suit ah see. Ye here to find one of ya lost sheep?\" Letting out a tired sigh, the priest closed the door behind him and looking around the dim lit den Hai Cheng had prepared for the criminal. He took off his hat and smoothed back his long hair. The air was hot and stuffy, causing him to sweat. \"Actually I'm here to return one it seems.\" Butch tilted his head in question, the obvious hint not reaching his clouded brain. \"Taking women up in your gang, Butch? I see some things do change.\" \"The hell ye blabberin' about.\" Butch mumbled, and reached up to rub his eyes, trying to stir himself awake. \"Git out, Josh. Yer ruining mah buzz.\" The doctor had joined the party by now, and seemed ready to wrestle the reverend to the floor. \"This man needs rest!\" He huffed, standing up to the much taller Brady, who didn't seem very impressed by the frantic man of medicine. \"He all but lost almost half of his entire blood supply. He shouldn't even be in a bath tub right now.. but unfortunately he insisted and my advice was ignored.\" He gave Butch an almost accusing glare, to which the outlaw just raised an eyebrow. \"Cold outside.\" Butch shrugged a little, gazing at the ceiling like there was nothing going on. The girls at his side, in their drugged mental state, had slowly taken to washing down his chest with filthy, balled up rags. They knew what they were here for, and they also knew what happened to them if they refused. They seemed barely there, barely conscious as they performed the dreadful tasks they had been ordered to do. Both skin and bones, kept quiet through drugs, the women ignored the conversation. \"I want to know what's going on with that young woman standing outside this door, frantic with worry about you.\" The reverend spoke calmly. \"She gave me this confusing story about a child shooting you.\" The doctor, huffing in indignity, stared at Butch as if the biggest cover up in history had just been revealed. \"You told me it was a grown man! And there were three of them!\" Butch grumbled and shot the doctor a warning glare. \"Ye shut yer trap er ah'll make sure ye'll be stitching up yerself tonight.\" The doctor continued mumbling his incantations underneath his breath, offended by the undignified way he was being treated, but Butch had enough. \"Get out of ere Doc. Ye had yer fun sticking needles in mah skin, now get goin'\" The physician knew better than to refuse or hesitate. He quickly closed his bag and muttered his goodbyes to the reverend, and accusations to Butch, before scurrying out of the door. Outside, he almost bumped into Eleanor, who only barely managed to jump out of the way when the doctor came out. \"How is he, doctor?\" she asked, but the man didn't stop. He said nothing to her, and simply moved past her, clutching his bag tightly to his chest as he almost tripped over his own feet trying to leave the horrible establishment as quickly as possible. A little stunned at his behaviour, Eleanor was left behind, the door in front of her still closed. Getting impatient, Brady shifted his weight from one leg to the other. \"Cut the crap, Bartholomew. Why are there children involved in this?\" \"There's always children involved.\" Butch shot back, eyeing the reverend menacingly after using his full given name. \"In goddamn everythin'. Ye haven't been chasing God around long enough if ye still don't know that.\" \"Who is that woman?\" Brady asked again. \"Where does she come from?\" \"What's it te ye.\" Butch mumbled, getting fed up with the conversation. \"Why don't ye just stay out of it and go polish yer chapel, eh?\" He looked at one of the Asian women as if he only just noticed her, and seemed almost mesmerized by her presence. \"I'm already into it.\" The reverend argued, trying to keep Butch's attention away from the two girls still washing him down. His intoxicated mind easily distracted. \"Whoever she is, she slammed a bottle into a cowhand's face and albeit ruined it forever. Jones wants her hide. And yours too.\" \"Jones don't know ahm ere.\" Butch mumbled, still staring at the woman closest to him, though his mesmerized gaze had turned into something darker. \"That girl you send into that saloon threw back three shots and started blubbering she's part of your gang. And that you would punish anyone coming near her.\" Brady sneered. \"All that after that very same cowhand came on to her with.. dishonest intentions.\" \"Well then he deserved it te have a bottle chucked in his face, didn't e'?\" Butch slurred, looking up at the reverend. \"Ah don't give a damn about that gurl getting' erself into trouble.\" \"You both are in trouble.\" The reverend explained. \"You need to leave. Tonight, if you can. And take that woman with you. Unless you wish her dead.\" He shook his head. \"This town changed. Jones isn't what he used to be. He's getting paid by the Pinkertons to clean the streets off people like you.\" Butch was silent for a moment, gazing off into nothingness, like the priest's words barely reached him, then he scoffed. \"Then he aint doin' such an admirable job. Ah aint never seen more low lives in one place.\" He cringed slightly when his wound was agitated by a certain movement, and shifted in the tub. \"Jones can have here fer all ah care.\" He continued coldly. \"Ahm done with er. Ah was gonna leave er here anyway. Now git out, Brady. Don't make me tell ye twice.\" He looked away, back to his girls and his opium. Defeated, Brady sighed. \"Even if it was truly her fault you got shot, like she told me, I don't think that would be a valid reason for you to hand her over to a trigger happy moron like Jones.\" \"Then ye thought wrong.\" Butch remarked coldly, and laid back his head on the rim of the tub in an attempt to relax. He jumped, letting out a deep growl, when one of the women had unintentionally touched the bullet lodged in his ribcage. \"Ow! Get off me!\" With a violent movement, he pushed the scared girl out of his way, letting her fall to the wooden floor with a pitiful squeal. \"Ahm in enough goddamn agony without ye addin' te it! Ye too! Get off! Leave me alone!\" He barked at the second girl, who quickly ceased her duties and scurried out of his reach, cowering in a corner of the small room. \"Ye all get yer hands off me.\" He mumbled, rubbing his eyes tiredly. Like a silent spectator, Brady watched the girls huddle up together for comfort, and slowly brought his eyes back to the wounded criminal. \"Is Hai Cheng going to mysteriously lose one of his girls tonight?\" He asked darkly, finally getting Butch's attention back. \"Or have you parted ways with that curse?\" Butch narrowed his eyes at the reverend. \"The only curse ah parted ways with is you and that goddamn bible of yers.\" \"I see.\" Brady nodded. \"And the girl outside?\" The outlaw's expression softened slightly, and he was sure it didn't go unnoticed. Gathering his strength, he pulled himself into a sitting position, cupping his hands in the bloodied water to rinse his face, and nudge himself awake. The priest, patient as always, watched him force himself into the real world again, and stood by the door with his hands folded in front of his belt, like a silent sentinel. \"Ahm dizzy.\" Butch complained, holding his face in one hand while his elbow rested on the iron rim of the tub. \"I know.\" The reverend said. \"That's the blood loss.\" Butch grumbled in annoyance. \"Yea, ah know that. Thank ye.\" While he was still demonstratively suffering, the priest made a hand movement to the girls, indicating for them to get up and come over to him. Knowing the reverend as a man always seeking out the helpless, they obeyed, and hurried behind him, leaving the room through the door he was guarding, and blocking with his large frame. He was sure Butch heard every movement, every patter of feet, but for some reason the criminal decided to pretend not to notice. \"You need rest.\" Brady remarked dryly, to which Butch shot him a bored look before closing his eyes again. \"I shall tell her you're resting.\" The outlaw said nothing more, and didn't look up when the priest turned and left. Outside, Eleanor got up from the floor when she saw the reverend emerge from the door, closing it behind him quickly. Her legs had started to feel tired, as was the rest of her body. \"How is he?\" she asked, wringing her hands together nervously. \"Is he in a lot of pain?\" Removing his heavy, black coat, Brady draped it around the young girl's shoulders. \"Sleep is the best healer of all.\" He told her gently. \"I have to prepare my evening mass. You're welcome to join me and leave that old crook to lick his wounds for now.\" She hesitated, feeling warmer now, but shook her head. \"I think I'll stay here for now.\" She decided. \"Thank you though.. father.\" He nodded, and smiled down at her. \"Alright, play your role of guardian angel then.\" He chuckled. \"I'll be in the church if you need me.\" With that, he left, and she watched him disappear behind the smoky haze in the narrow hallway. Now alone, she wondered what would happen if she knocked on the door herself. She lifted her arm, but hesitated, then thought against it and lowered it again. She turned, and looked around the hall for a moment, a shiver ran down her spine, but she fought it. She'd wait here for him. Right here. Slowly, her legs started to protest, and gently she slid to the floor with her back against the door. The long sleeves of the reverend's heavy coat covered her hands, and she dug into it, searching for warmth. Outside, a coyote sniffed the cracks in the wood, his blue eyes glowing in the dark of night. And somehow, with him around, she didn't feel as alone anymore. R&R; please! Happy holidays everyone! Love you![Chapter 32] To my guest reviewer with the request for another Lone Ranger story starring Butch: well I don't know about that. But I can tell you this much, this story isn't over for a looong long time. To Silvian: Happy new year to you too, dear! Thanks for all the reviews! Enjoy! Chapter 32 Pine's Creek had once been a frequently used trapper's cabin. Hunters going for mountain lions, bobcats and wolves holed up there during the cold winter months, when the trapping was good, and the game plenty. But with the coming of more settlements, villages and mining camps, the log cabin of Pine's Creek had been deserted and was now a hiding place for outlaws and misfits brave or desperate enough to enter the mountain range. It wasn't big. But it lay hidden amongst pine tree, had a good fireplace, and a big featherbed to fight about. The men occupying the cabin right now, six of them to be exact, sat huddled by the fire, drinking their stolen whiskey and wondering what had happened to their leader who had never missed a rendezvous point before. Outside, the wolves howled, and the horses tight to the hitching post whinnied restlessly. \"Well, that's it boys.\" The oldest grumbled, spitting into the fire menacingly. \"I told Butch te leave that broad at Rosa's. But he insisted on taggin' it along and here we are.\" \"Shut up, Ray.\" Barret bit at him. Frank, still wearing Eleanor's dress and sporting a ridiculously half destroyed bonnet on his head, sat shivering by his side. Whenever Butch was away, the young man had a tendency to lean on the next in line to lead the group, which was Barret, despite the man's protests. \"They could just be delayed for all we know.\" Ray scoffed at the Frenchman's words. \"ye said it yourself. That Elton aint no fool. He sure wasn't fooled by the change of clothes, since he wasn't the one chasin' ye and Frank across the desert was he?\" Barret was silent, and looked away. \"If he's on their trail, they're in a lot of trouble, ahm tellin' ye.\" \"They aint dead are they?\" Frank whimpered, looking up at Ray pleadingly. The old man was about to reply when Barret interrupted him. \"They're not dead, Frank.\" Barret said, shooting a warning glare at Ray, who just narrowed his eyes at the army surgeon. \"I'm sure they'll be here by morning. Snow just delayed them. That's all.\" Frank nodded, seemingly comforted by Barret's words. \"Get some rest, goofball.\" The Frenchman continued, pushing Frank away from his side. The young man got to his feet obediently, and dragged himself to his cot in a corner of the little cabin. The men hadn't decided about who was going to occupy the bed tonight. It was a discussion they all tried to avoid in fear of a fight breaking out. And without Butch to stop it, things could get ugly in a hot second. \"Aint no use lyin' te Taylor, Jack.\" Ray shook his head. \"Aint no use getting him into a frenzy either.\" Barret shot back. \"I'd like to get some sleep tonight if you don't mind. And I don't know about you but I don't like listening to Frank's wailing when I'm trying to get some shut eye.\" \"But what if they are.. dead.. though.\" Skinny started carefully, wringing his hands together nervously. \"Ah mean whut's gonna happen te us and all?\" when no one answered, he continued. \"We could sell the horse.\" He suggested with a bright smile. \"And the saddle.\" Ray was silent, and stared at Barret knowing the man was going to voice his opinion about this matter again, like he had been doing all evening. \"Shouldn't have killed him.\" Barret started, causing Ray to scoff again. \"Butch didn't say anything about killing those mercenaries. What if he had a different plan with them? Keeping that man alive could have proven useful. Now all we got is his damn nag.\" \"Useful for what, in the devil's name?\" Ray spat at him. \"Ye weren't the one staring into the barrel of a gun when ye had te decide whether er not ye were gonna kill one of them mercenaries, Jack. Don't give me this shit again.\" \"We could eat the horse.\" Jesus suggested, trying to lift the mood. The other men stared at him in disbelief. Eating a horse was something of a disgrace. \"What? I'm hungry!\" \"We're not gonna eat the damn horse.\" Barret rolled his eyes at the stupid suggestion. \"We could sell it in the next town, like Skinny suggested. But before we make any drastic decisions, I think we should stay put and wait for Butch.. and that girl.\" \"Wait.\" Ray barked. \"That's all we ever seem te do for that ol' dog. Ah see we pack up tomorrow, sell the horse, split the money and get some fer ourselves fer a change.\" Picking up a piece of the little jack rabbit they had for dinner, he tossed it in the fire, making the grease sizzle as it reached boiling point in a matter of seconds. Barret had been watching his movements with a passive but calculated expression on his face. \"If you're so displeased with the way things go in this gang, then I wonder what you're still doing here.\" The Frenchman asked. \"Take the damn horse and go if you think you can do better. I'd be happy to be rid of your ugly old mug.\" \"Which is exactly why ahm stayin\" Ray bit at him, ready to punch the arrogant army surgeon into next Wednesday. \"We all know yer untouchable because yer daddy wants ye back at that damned plantation where ye came from. But the rest of us aint that lucky, mister Jaques Barret. So ye just shut yer trap and stop talkin' about things ye don't know anythin' about!\" Rendered silent at the mention of his past, and current disposition, Barret decided to lay down on his own cot as well, his back turned to the rest of the gang. As usual, Skinny didn't understand why people got mad at eachother, and Jesus only cared about himself and didn't seem to be bothered by the heavy mood that hung in the air like a thick blanket. / Sobering up slowly, Eleanor floated between sleep and being awake without realizing. Thankfully, the narrow hallway to Butch's door was a quiet one. Across from her, on the other end of the dark hall, behind the other door, the sounds of the opium house emerged. She made them her own, like she was part of the establishment, this was her world now. Still leaning against the door, sitting on the floor, she concentrated on the throbbing of her head, protesting against the amount of alcohol she had ingested in such a short time, on an empty stomach. There had been no sounds coming from Butch's room. Sometimes she wondered if he was even still in there. She watched the moon walk her path from one end of the building to the other, changing the pattern of the shadows on the wooden floor in front of her feet. The world didn't stop turning because Butch Cavendish was indisposed. Time passed by at the same speed as usual. Her tortured mind wandered to her mother, and the life she used to lead. Nothing would ever be the same again. She realized that now, while sitting on the disgusting floor of a Chinese brothel, in a town she didn't know, with people she never met before. Following a man around with a price on his head. She wondered if Butch would ever forgive her for coming between one of his victims and the barrel of his revolver. She didn't mean for him to get shot. She didn't want him to get hurt. But then again, he had been shot before, a bullet wound wasn't exactly a new reality to him. And now he had another thing to be mad about. Her not staying where he told her to stay, and causing a ridiculous ruckus throughout the whole town. She didn't know what he and reverend Brady had discussed together, but she was sure it didn't involve much praise about her person. She pressed the back of her head against the wooden door, and bumped it a couple of times in frustration. Reverend Brady's thick wool coat smelled like horses and incense. A scent she remembered from her days attending church in Brady, before her father passed away and her mother decided God could be worshipped while tending to her ever failing garden. There are a lot of starving faithful in the world, she always said. Her attention was drawn toward the coyote gnawing on the underside of the rotten boards that made the only barrier between her and the predator outside. His eerie blue eyes becoming familiar to her. When he managed to break off part of the wood with his sharp, yellow teeth, she took off one of her boots and tossed it at the animal, hitting the wall instead. \" Git!\" she hissed. The rocking of the structure because of the impact caused the coyote to take off. But she knew he would be back eventually. Though the deafening silence of unconscious drug addicts in the other room, she started hearing something else. Something that came from the other part of town. Up the street from which she came, all the way to the chapel where the reverend was holding his mass right now. The singing of God fearing Christians echoed through the smoke filled hallway where she sat, carried on the haze of the opium. Nearer, my God, to thee Nearer to thee She recognized the song from distant memories. She had sung it herself in church before her mother decided she had had enough judgemental glares from the town's women folk toward her person, a widowed mother of a young woman she somehow refused to marry off. While the people of Standing Faith sang their praise at the other end of town, she sang along in hushed tones, comforting herself with distant memories of her family. E'en though it be A cross that raiseth me Her swollen throat made her singing sound like a dying kitten, and she coughed in the sleeve of the reverend's coat. Her voice was barely above a whisper while she continued. Still all my song shall be Nearer, my God, to thee Her singing, soft as it was, exhausted her more than ever before. She had always been told she had quite the voice, but it had been altered and affected by living outside, exposed to all elements. So she grew quiet, and decided to listen instead. The singing continued, and she realized in dismay, she had forgotten most of the lyrics by now. It had been so long ago since her last mass. She remembered, when her father was still alive, before the war, the Sunday mass ended with her mother baking pancakes upon their return from church. And she somehow always felt famished from getting up at the crack of dawn, help her father harness their old horse to the carriage, and make their away across the plains to Colby's little chapel. It all felt like she had lived a whole different life altogether. She wondered if she would ever see her mother again. A few days ago, she had still been hopeful, but in a place like Standing Faith, all hope seemed lost. Despite the silence surrounding her, her head had never been louder, and her ears buzzed and peeped from her increased blood pressure. She could feel her heart beat violently in her chest, and it felt like she had to remind her brain what breathing was. Her stomach turned unpleasantly, and she shifted where she sat, letting out a pitiful groan. Just like Butch had said, she didn't even feel the cold anymore. Closing her eyes to concentrate on her aching body, listening to the soothing singing of the church visitors, she felt like her brain was playing a trick on her. Through the gentle, God fearing tunes of a song like Nearer My God To Thee, came another song, sung by a much gruffer voice that was terribly out of tune too. \"When first ah came to Louiseville, some pleasure there te find. A damsel there from Lexington, was pleasing te mah mind. Her rosy cheeks, her ruby lips, like arrows pierced my breast. And the name she bore was Sharky, the lily of the west.\" She rolled her eyes realizing it wasn't her brain, but Butch finally going mad. His terrible, alcohol induced hollering an insult to the well-practised choir in the distance. \"I'm pretty sure her name was Flora.\" She corrected, folding her arms across her chest as she leaned back against the door. \"Not Sharky.\" \"She robbed me of mah liberty, deprived me of mah rest.\" He continued, shamelessly mixing up the lyrics like they were his own. She huffed at his words, some rest in this filthy hog pen yes. \"Still ah love mah faithless Sharky, the lily of the west.\" She sighed, shaking her head in mere disbelief of the current situation. \"Quite the curious way to show it.\" she mumbled to herself, making sure he wouldn't be able to hear her. But he just continued singing, ruining the quiet mood of before. By now the lyrics had stopped making sense to her tired head, and she gave up trying to understand what he had cooked up this time. It had no meaning anyway. He was just getting bored all by himself behind that door. Her mind wandered to the rest of the gang, knee deep in snow and somewhere out there in the wild. \"Do you think the rest made it?\" she asked Butch, now that he had made the impression he was willing to acknowledge her existence again. \"Ahh, wherever they are, they can't be in a bigger pickle than us.\" He mumbled bitterly from behind the still locked door. \"Although Frank surprised me before with his ways of gettin' himself into trouble.\" \"I hope they're all safe.\" She continued softly. \"How about ye start hopin' ah don't bleed out in this damn tub.\" He grumbled. \"If ye'd pull the same stunts with them as ye do with me, they'd all be laying in a ditch somewhere with a hole in their heads. And all yer hopin' and well wishin' wouldn't make a damn ounce o' sense.\" She bit her bottom lip and shook her head, fighting back tears. \"I'm sorry.\" She whispered. \"I'm so sorry.\" \"Not te mention ye didn't do as ah told ye. Te stay put in that damn hotel.\" He growled, despite the obvious tears in her broken voice. \"Ah guess ah could have seen that comin' when ah put Claymore in charge of ye. Boy was never any good at keepin' the men in one line anyway.\" She opened her mouth to protest and come to Claymore's defence, but he wasn't done yet. \"Ah aint never met a person who had more trouble makin' themselves invisible than you do. Instead of laying low, ye throw back a few snakebites and start braggin' about me bein' yer own personal watch dog.\" She said nothing, knowing more was to come, and she deserved to be reprimanded. \"AH AINT YER DOG!\" He hollered, making her flinch. \"NOT YER SPIRIT DOG, NOT YER GUARD DOG!\" his loud voice had temporarily startled a few nearby pigs, and they trotted away from the walls of the establishment letting out frightened squeals. \"And ah leave it up te ye to figure out how many men ever kicked me in the nuts and got away with it..\" He continued gruffly, exhausting himself. Numbed from the entire day, and his still furious mood, she stared ahead of her with a blank expression, feeling the tears run down her cheeks. She drew up her knees, wrapping her arms around them as she hugged herself in a desperate move for comfort. \"Ah don't know what ahm supposed to do anymore.\" She heard him mumble, more to himself than anyone else. \"Ah should've left ye in Rosa's charge.\" She frowned at his words. \"I would have never stayed there.\" She bit back. \"I would have killed myself before deciding to stay there.\" He didn't reply. \"If you want to get back on your promise to help me I can only tell you I'm not really surprised. You wouldn't be the first one to break his promise to me.\" Again, he didn't answer. \"I know you rather just sit there and sweat out the hate like you've been doing all your life.\" She heard him let out a gruff, bored chuckle. \"But I will not become like you. Never.\" She shook her head to herself, emphasizing her own words. \"I would never be able to abandon someone in need.\" \"Ahh, Sharky.\" He spoke gently. \"You will forget about all of this. And ah won't remember it either.\" She listened to his profound sounding words, finally feeling like he was being serious. \"You'll find yer way home, get married to some dull as dishwasher store clerk, put some unfortunate bastards on this earth, and all that'll be left of this crap is a faded memory. A bad dream ye woke up from.\" she didn't know what to say about his miserable sounding prophecy. \"But ye'll forget.\" She was quiet for a while, trying to find a loophole to drag him out of this uncharacteristic bitterness. And finally she thought of something, and a smile formed around her lips. \"Why do you want me to marry a dull as dishwasher store clerk?\" she giggled softly. \"That doesn't sound like the type of man I'd like to raise a family with at all.\" He didn't answer right away, but she knew he was going to explain himself sooner or later. \"Cuz ah don't want him te be a better man than me.\" He mumbled eventually. Her smile fell slowly, making place for a confused expression. \"You want me to marry a man worse than you? I'm not sure I'll be able to find him before growing old.\" She tried to joke, lifting the mood. But he wouldn't have none of it this time. \"Ah know ye care, Eleanor.\" His bitterness had returned full force. And she wasn't sure she was ready to lose her nick name yet. \"Ah know. But there's trouble ahead, ah can feel it.\" she was silent. \"Ah aint sure ah want all that te become mah ruin.\" She let his words travel through her weary mind, trying to understand what he was talking about. But he knew things she did not, and she was convinced his words made only sense to those who had roamed this earth for far longer than she had. She leaned back her head against the wooden door, and let her eyes go through the narrow, dim lit hallway. She hadn't noticed before, but there were various crates containing bottles of hard liquor next to her. She reached out to grab one, pulling it out of its straw filled container and squinted trying to read the label. It was a cheap brand of blended whiskey, she recognized the dramatic skull logo on the front. She studied her rough hands. Her nails dirtier than they had ever been before, with cuts and bruises on her palms. She hadn't seen her reflection in a while, but she was pretty sure she was hard to recognize right now. \"Do you ever think about when you were young?\" she asked him, wondering if she would still be able to recognize herself in a mirror. \"Not much te think about.\" He mumbled. \"Ah grew up overnight.\" She nodded to herself, still holding the bottle in her hands, trying to remove the label with her nails out of pure boredom and restlessness. \"I think my mother grew up overnight as well. And nowadays I feel like I'm going the same way.\" He just listened. \"I suppose adulthood and wisdom feels like this great emptiness. Am I close?\" He scoffed. \"Ye haven't eaten anything in days and ye chucked back half a bottle of liquor, what did ye expect te feel like?\" He growled. \"Ye damn goat.\" She burst out in chuckles at his name calling. \"Ah don't know whut te hell te tell ye. Ah numb everythin' ah feel as much as ah can.\" She finally managed to peel off the label of the bottle, and stuck the drawing of the skull between a crack in the wooden door, making it look like a little pirate flag for the many rats living within the walls. \"It comes and goes in waves, Sharky.\" She wondered what exactly came and went in waves, but she wouldn't bother him with a question like that. Not right now. \"As fer yer mother. She didn't get te pick er own life. Can't blame er too much now.\" She was silent, listening to his words like he was reading her a story, his voice comforting her. \"\"Why te hell would ye spend the whole night sittin' in front of that door anyway?\" She pondered on his question for a moment, and then decided to give the most honest answer she could think of. \"Cause that's the only place I feel safe.\" Outside, the weather was turner grim, a wind had struck up, blowing the freshly fallen snow into fast spinning twirls that entered the hallway through every crack and split in the thin walls. Horsemen holding torches galloped through the streets, and she could hear men yell orders at eachother. \"They're looking for us.\" She sighed, and surprised herself with how little she cared about the nearing threat at the moment. Behind the door, she could hear the water slosh as Butch leaned back to dip his head underwater in a dramatic gesture to show how little he felt for running from the law right now. He stayed there for an uncomfortable amount of seconds and she almost started to worry he was trying to drown himself when she heard him sit back up suddenly, gasping for air. Relieved to hear him bustle around the room trying to find his clothes, she focused her attention on the sounds erupting from the other side of the building. \"They're inside.\" She announced, listening to the sheriff barking orders at the mostly unconscious opium users. His deputies turned the place upside down in search for the girl and her wanted trail mate. Suddenly, the door behind her opened, and she fell back letting out a surprised yelp when she landed between Butch's legs. Roughly, he grabbed a handful of her shirt to pull her up. \"Git in ere.\" He growled, pushing her inside his room and shutting the door with such a bang the hinges rattled. Hai Cheng had obviously not provided any towels, for Butch was still dripping wet, wearing nothing but his trousers and snake leather boots. His hair hung in wet tresses over his shoulders, and his face was still pale from blood loss and exhaustion. Rubbing her now sore shoulder, Eleanor looked around the disgusting little room, with nothing in it but a rusty old tub and an oil lamp on a chair. She frowned seeing the red colour of the stone cold water, but decided not to say anything about it. \"How are we going to get out of this?\" she asked, watching the outlaw load his revolves with surprising speed and skill. The wound in his shoulder had been crudely stitched, but had stopped bleeding a while ago. The skin around the wound was a dark blue and purple, and she was convinced he was still in a world of pain. \"Are you alright?\" \"Give me that lamp.\" He told her, adjusting his gun belt and looking around for his shirt. Obediently, she picked up the oil lamp and handed it to him before he had a chance to button his shirt. He blew it out, took off the glass shade, and turned the lamp upside down above the tub, allowing the oil to spill into the dirtied water. She frowned watching him, puzzled by what he was doing, but her attention was drawn back to the closed door, from which behind noises erupted. The furious voice of Hai Cheng, and the scared squeals of his girls. The sheriff and his deputies were inside the hallway. She didn't have long to concentrate on her heart starting to beat inside her throat, for she was pulled aside by Butch. \"Stand back!\" he barked at her and commenced to push over the tub with all the strength he could muster. She watched the water flow across the room, finding its way through the wooden wall and door, rushing into the hallway. She suddenly realized what he was going to do, and she was about to protest when his voice stopped her. \"SEE YE IN HELL JONESY.\" He yelled, struck a match and tossed it into the water. Mixed with oil, the water caught fire, and within seconds the flames latched onto the dried out wood of the structure, lighting it up like a Christmas tree. The men behind the door could be heard screaming as their trousers caught on fire. Listening to their frantic calls, she hardly noticed how Butch send the chair flying through the thin wall on the other side of the room. Scared pigs jumped away from the fire as he had just created his own back door. He grabbed her arm, and pulled her with him. They were the only ones running in the opposite direction of the lit up building, as the whole town came rushing in to help put out the fire, and no one noticed the two people going the other way. The main street of the town was in a panic, everybody had been awakened by the huge fire that lit up the sky. Almost slipping on the freshly fallen snow, Butch halted in his tracks when he saw horsemen enter the town, galloping down the main street. He pulled the girl with him to hide behind a general store, away from the light. Their breathing evenly fast and visible in the cold night air. \"Rangers.\" Butch explained to the scared woman next to him, still trying to catch his breath. The horsemen rushed past the general store, unaware of the two people hiding behind its walls. \"Jonesy got his damn back-up.\" She nodded in understanding, but couldn't talk from the lack of oxygen. \"Where's yer horse?\" Desperately trying to catch her breath so she could answer, she swallowed a few times. \"In the.. stables next to.. that hotel.\" She said. He nodded, and blinked hard against the black spots dancing in front of his eyes. \"We'll git yers first.\" He decided. \"Get that outta the way.\" Without realizing, he almost lost his footing, and grabbed for something to hold on to, finding the wall behind him instead. His back collided with the structure harshly, and she reached out to support his weight. \"Ahm fine.\" He argued. \"Just a bit lightheaded.\" She knew it was more serious than that. He was severely injured, and there had been no moment for his body to even remotely start its recovery. His shirt still hung open, and he had pulled on his vest and coat in a hurry. The cold winter air probably felt good on his feverish skin, which was glowing hot with sweat, but he was burning fuel he didn't have. In a futile attempt to help him, she started buttoning his shirt and tucking it into his trousers. He chuckled at her antics, but didn't stop her. She cursed underneath her breath as she watched the thin shirt get drenched from his still soaked skin. \"You're going to get sick this way.\" She told him. \"Yea, ye mentioned that before.\" He croaked, giving her a lopsided, half smile. \"yer scared, Sharky?\" She looked up at him with a puzzled expression. \"We've got rangers and all out for our hides, I think I have a reasonable right to be scared, don't you?\" He chuckled again, licking his lips as the metallic taste of blood formed in his mouth. \"I also fear you might pass out before we get a chance to get out of this mess.\" He spat in the snow, and in the dim light of a lantern hanging from the wall of the building she noticed the drops of blood. \"Yea that might very well happen.\" He mumbled tiredly. \"Let's git out of here.\" Reaching down, he pulled out his guns and cocked back the hammers. \"Ye ready?\" she just gazed at him with wide eyes. \"Ready for what?\" He pushed himself away from the wall and tilted his head to loosen his neck, preparing himself for a fight. \"Stay behind me.\" He told her. They made their way through the main street of Standing Faith, walking over the wooden floorboards in front of the buildings. Apart from the frantic chaos of the town's folk trying to put out the fire before it caught on other buildings, their boots and spurs were the only sound that reached her mind right now. She stayed behind the outlaw's back like he had told her to do, holding on to his torn coat like a frightened child. Sometimes he stopped, aimed his gun at something and fired until she could hear someone scream in pain. It seemed to take forever for them to make their way across town to the grand hotel on the other side. Suddenly Butch stopped, and pressed his back against the wall of the post office they were standing in front. The hotel was just on the other side of the street now. \"Go and git yer horse!\" He commanded her. She gave him a frantic look, or atleast she tried, cause he was too busy shooting at one of the rangers hiding behind a barrel to the right. \"I'm not crossing that street!\" she told him. \"I'll get shot!\" \"Go!\" He yelled, giving her a hard push toward the open street. \"Now!\" Already in the middle of it, she had no choice but the hightail it toward the stables. Bullets flew past her head, and she didn't know which ones belonged to the rangers, and which ones were fired by Butch. Inside the stables, the little boy that had assisted her, sat in a corner covering his ears with his hands. He looked up when he saw her, but didn't say anything, so neither did she. Wordlessly, she walked up to Bobby and started saddling him. The other horses whinnied in panic at the loud gun fire out in the streets. By now, the fire had spread and had reached three more buildings. This village was going to burn down to the ground. Suddenly, something exploded in the distance, a barrel of gunpowder no doubt. Giving Bobby such a scare he reared, pulled himself loose from her grip and started off at breakneck speed. The impact of the beast hurrying off had caused her to trip and take on a mouthful of straw on the dusty floor. She coughed as she got back on her feet, cursing under her breath. Meanwhile, on the other side of town, coming from the East, Elton and one of his men rode into the complete inferno that used to be Standing Faith. The man let his cold eyes roam the lit up buildings and gazed in disgust at the panicking town's people running around to collect their items from the burning houses. \"What in God's name is going on here?\" He said coldly. The man beside him shook his head, he didn't know, and he didn't care either. The gunfire at the other end of street caught their attention, not to mention the loose horse galloping past them into the wilderness they came from. \"That way.\" Elton ordered, taking his gun from its holster and spurring up his black steed. Eleanor had decided to saddle a different horse, and take it with her, despite the voices in her head screaming not to steal someone else's horse. She connected with the outlaw emptying his guns on the sheriff's deputies behind the same wall, and he gazed at the mount in confusion. \"Who's horse is that?!\" He barked. \"I don't know!\" she answered, trying to have her voice reach over the gunfire around them. \"Does it matter?!\" \"Frank aint gonna thank ye!\" He said, grabbing the horse's reins. \"Jump on!\" she reached for the knob of the saddle and pulled herself up. Butch didn't need to hold onto anything to throw one leg over the horse and sit behind her. Going the same way across the floorboards, he steered the horse through the chaos of people running around, frantic dogs, and the poles that held up the structures of the various porches. They jumped over knocked over barrels and carts, and passed Elton and his man going the other way. Forcing his horse to make an impressing sliding halt, Elton turned the breezing beast around. \"That's Cavendish!\" He cried out to his mercenary. \"With the girl! Get him! Shoot him!\" His mercenary wasn't as good at giving his horse as abrupt breaks as his employer was, and it took him a while to get his animal to a standstill. It all looked too clumsy for the impatient Elton and he growled in anger at his man's incompetence. Nevertheless, the two mounts in the middle of streets had caught the sight of the frantic sheriff, who just came out of the burning opium den with his trousers burned up till his knees. He aimed his gun at the two unknown figures, and fired, hitting Elton's majestic animal instead. It plummeted to the snow covered ground, screaming in pain, trapping its rider underneath its side. \"Damnation!\" Elton cursed, trying to get himself free. His mercenary had dismounted quickly to come to his aid, but was shoved away roughly. \"Get back on your horse, you fool! Get him! Get him!\" the man jumped away from his furious master, and tried to reach for his panicking horse to get back up. It reared in fear at the flames surrounding it, and the man's incompetent attempts at horse handling continued despite Elton yelling at him in anger and frustration. It gave the girl and the outlaw a good head start, and they reached the end of town before anyone had a chance to follow. They disappeared behind the thick haze of smoke that hung in the streets of the burning town. The only witness to their departure was the reverend, standing on the porch of his chapel, the only building not yet on fire. R&R;[Chapter 33] To TeiyusTeki: Thank you, dear. He's a grouchy old mutt sometimes. To my guest reviewers: Thank you thank you for your reviews. They keep me going. Chapter 33 Up on the mountain ridge, Butch's gang gazed out over the burning town down in the valley. Smoke rose till it reached the snowy peaks, and it was certain this inferno could be seen from miles away. The six men stood silently, not knowing what to say or think about the disaster taking place down below. Their attention was drawn toward the path leading up to the cabin. A horse whinnied, and Frank stepped forward. \"That's Bobby!\" he called out happily. \"I'd know his voice everywhere! Come ere' Bobby boy!\" Before he had a chance to slip onto the wet rocks due to the little stream running down the mountain, Barret had pulled him back. The tired horse emerged from among the trees, foam around its mouth, as it pulled itself up onto the steep ridge, halting only in front of Frank who immediately wrapped his arms around his animal. \"Hi Bobby! See, ah told ye all it was Bobby! Good boy, Bobby!\" The other men gave eachother more serious glances, and it was Skinny who decided to be the first to break the heavy silence. \"Where's miss Eleanor?\" He peeped, ruining Frank's happiness within a second. \"Where's Annabel?\" He continued. \"Where's Butch?\" They all watched in dismay how Frank tried to interrogate the horse about their leader's whereabouts. \"Where's Butch, Bobby?\" He spoke to the animal, close to its face. \"What happened?\" He then placed his ear against the animal's snout, indicating he expected it to provide an answer. The horse let out a content huff, just happy to be with his owner. \"Ye gotta speak English, Bobby. Yer speakin' horse and ah don't\" \"Oh brother.\" Ray complained, rubbing his tired eyes. \"That's just great.\" He turned toward Barret, who was still peering into the direction of where the horse came from, expecting more to appear out of the dark. \"He aint comin' back, Jack.\" The army surgeon said nothing. \"And ah aint waitin' a minute longer out ere'. We're sittin' ducks for anythin' comin' out of that hell hole down there!\" Barret raised his hand, telling Ray to be quiet as he picked up a sound from below. Ray, being much older and his hearing a lot less reliant, just huffed at being rudely silenced. \"Have fun standin' ere' freezin' te death, Frenchie.\" He growled. The sound turned out to be a fearless raccoon, scurrying the stream's water front in search for food. Ray chuckled bitterly at the disappointed look on the Frenchman's face. \"Why don't go ask him te be yer new leader, eh? If he don't pay ye enough ye can always turn him into a hat.\" He then turned away to go saddle his horse. Llllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllll The brown horse Eleanor had taken from the stables turned out to be an old farm animal, and its stamina wasn't anything to write home about. Then again, it was forced to carry two adults up a steep ridge, so it made sense the horse refused to speed up after two miles of running. The slow pace made her restless, and she could feel Butch slipping in and out of consciousness behind her. Sometimes he leaned his head against her shoulder, breathing heavily into her ear. They had changed position earlier, when it turned out Butch could hardly see, and was unable to steer the horse properly. The adrenaline coursing through her body made her unaware of the wound in her upper arm, and she only noticed it when Butch touched it. \"Ye got hit.\" He slurred. She looked down at her arm, her sleeve a bloodied mess. A bullet had grazed her skin, and had past right by her. The cut was deep, but it was nothing compared to the outlaw's own injuries. \"I'm fine.\" She told him, wondering why she couldn't feel the pain, and blaming the cold for it eventually. She shivered in the saddle, but Butch was on fire, and his feverish body was the only thing keeping her from freezing up. \"Don't pass out.\" She said. \"Don't pass out, you'll fall off.\" \"Doin' all ah can back ere', Sharky.\" He mumbled. \"But in case ah can't help it.. It aint far now. Just keep followin' that stream and ye'll get there.\" She spurred up the horse as much as she could, but it refused to increase its speed, and just laid its ears in its neck indicating its agitation. \"Come on!\" she cried at the animal desperately. \"Walk, damn you! Walk!\" she could hear Butch let out a half conscious chuckle at her cursing, but the horse remained unimpressed. In their torturously slow pace, they continued climbing up the mountain ridge, following the stream in search of the cabin. The snow had started falling again, and she felt the horse slip now and then, unable to get a grip on the ground. Up on the hill, covered in darkness, a small light appeared. She squinted her eyes trying to decide if it was the moon, or the light of a fire. Smoke rose from a chimney and she let out a relieved whimper knowing she had found the cabin. \"We made it.\" she said. \"Fire a shot, they'll hear us.\" Getting no answer, she peered over her shoulder at the outlaw. Leaning his head against her back, his eyes closed, she realized he had finally passed out. In a daring move, trying to avoid him sliding off, she reached back to pull his revolver from its holster, praying the thing had a bullet or two left. She cocked back the hammer, pointed the barrel at the dark sky, and fired with both her hands. The loud bang carried off into the distance, scaring the birds from the trees and making coyotes yelp in fright miles away. The deafening silence returned, and all she could do now, was wait. It didn't take long before voices emerged from up stream. And she felt herself grow weaker now she knew she was safe. Her breathing loud in her ears, she stayed in position to give the outlaw leader leaning on her a moment of repose. She hardly noticed when Barret, Skinny and Frank came running down the ridge to lend their aid. She was helped off the animal gently, and felt how her frozen legs refused to support her weight. But they didn't have to. Frank held her tightly, frantically asking her if she was alright. She could do nothing more than hold on to him for dear life, wrapping her arms around his neck and burying her face in his scarf. She was led away from the horse, up the mountain range toward the warmth and safety of the small trapper's cabin. On their way, Jesus and Ray rushed by them to assist Barret and Skinny in carrying Butch, who was still passed out and giving no sign he was coming back around any time soon. Inside the cabin, Frank led her sink down in a comfortable, high chair made out of deer hides, close by the fire so she could warm up. She gazed into the flames as if in trance, and it took her a while to drag her eyes away from its brightness and look around. Deer heads covered in dust and cobwebs decorated the walls. There was a cart wheel on the ceiling, and various pieces of horse related equipment. All from a different time and age. With great fondness, Frank started tending to her injury. Soaking strips of cotton in whiskey and wrapping them around her wound while shooting her quick, worried glances. She knew he was concerned about his leader too, but he probably realized those injuries were beyond his knowhow, and he was better off making himself useful somewhere else. \"hey Frank.\" She managed to utter affectionately, searching for the young man's eyes. Coming back to life now she was gradually warming up. He looked up at her like a deer in headlights, surprised to hear her speak so soon. \"howdy, miss Eleanor.\" He said with a big goofy smile. \"How ya feelin'?\" Before she could answer, Skinny appeared from behind her chair, offering her a huge steaming mug of hot coffee, which she accepted gratefully. \"Ah put some laudanum in it.\" Skinny explained, pointing at the cup in her hands. \"Barret said ye needed some for yer wound and all.\" Now a little worried about her drugged drink, she took a careful sip, tasting the bitter medicine through the fresh brewed coffee. \"Ah hope ah didn't put too much in it though.\" The bearded young man said, frowning as he watched the girl consume his concoction. Frank huffed. \"Well hells, Skinny, whut did ye do?! How much did ye put in there?! Ah don't want er te git sick!\" startled by Frank's angry tone, Skinny took a step back. \"How much is in it?!\" \"Like.. like a spoonful.\" Skinny stammered. \"Ah mean, Jack didn't tell me how much I ha-\" \"HEY!\" Barret's voice rendered them both silent and they looked up at the army surgeon tending to their unconscious leader placed on the large iron framed bed. \"You boys keep it down.\" Unable to see what was taking place behind her big chair, Eleanor could only gaze into the fire and hope Butch would be alright. The two youngest members of the gang shot eachother one last foul look before Skinny decided to go mope in another corner, leaving Frank with the girl. \"Moron..\" Frank huffed in anger, to which Eleanor could only chuckle tiredly. \"It's alright.\" She said. \"I've had the stuff before. I won't get sick.\" She reached out to grab Frank's hand, giving it a comforting squeeze. The gesture made him sit down on the wooden floor next to her chair, crossing his legs to make himself more comfortable, intending to not leave her side for a while to come. \"How's he doing?\" she asked softly, worried about the answer when Frank peeked around her chair with a fearful expression. \"He ain't movin' right now.\" The young outlaw concluded. \"Ah thinks Barret is tryin' te figure out if his heart does what it has to, cuz he's holdin' Butch's wrist and lookin' at his watch.\" She grimaced at his words. \"Ye want me to go and ask Jack about it?\" He asked, making a move to get up. She shook her head quickly. \"No, no. Stay here. He would throw us both out.\" She whispered, tightening her hold on Frank's arm to keep him where he was. Nodding in agreement, the young man settled back down. She let her eyes roam around the room again, noticing things she hadn't noticed before now the coffee mixed with the laudanum was starting to kick in. \"So what is this place?\" Frank followed her gaze to the walls and ceiling above the fireplace, of which the mantle was decorated in dusty taxidermy from a long, long time ago. \"It's a trapper's cabin.\" He explained. \"Ye know. Fer hunters and all. That's why all these animals are ere'\" He didn't seem to agree with the collection, and she smiled at his offended expression when he gazed at the decomposing hunting trophies. \"Ah don't like hunters. Just don't seem fair te me te go out and shoot at ferrets and stuff with a rifle. Ah mean.. the ferrets can't help bein' ferrets, can they?\" She giggled, realizing she had missed Frank's innocent blabbering immensely. \"No, I don't think they can.\" \"Ah like ferrets.\" Frank nodded, agreeing with himself. \"Ye name one more animal that can be brown in the summer tahm and turn all white as snow when winter comes around. Go on, ye name one.\" She thought about it for a moment, giving him her most serious, and dramatic, thinking expression. \"Bunnies.\" She concluded. \"Bunnies do that too.\" He looked at her wide eyed, like she had just revealed the greatest secret to him and him alone. \"Ah thoughts there were just white bunnies and brown bunnies.\" He whispered in awe. \"And deer.\" She continued, poking his chest in victory now it seemed she was winning this game. \"Deer turn white in winter. Oh, and owls. Foxes.\" While their banter continued, Ray sat on a crate in another corner of the small cabin, carving a sharp point on a wooden stick with his knife. Jesus sat next to him, gnawing on his dirty fingernails. And Skinny had decided to pull out a book about setting animal traps from the cupboard, and attempted to read it upside down. For now all they could do was wait for their leader to wake up. The storm hit the trapper's shelter when morning arrived. The cold winds creeped through every crack of the old cabin, playing with the young woman's hair as she hadn't moved from her spot in front of the roaring fireplace, kept at full blaze by the outlaws to hopefully increase their leader's condition. She gazed into the fire, watching the flames dance with every gust of wind that entered the room. Some of the men were sleeping, she could hear them snore behind her chair. Frank hadn't strayed from her side. But he had lost the battle with his exhaustion eventually, and sat on the faded bear rug next to her chair, leaning his head against her deer hide armrest, his mouth askew. She didn't know what Barret was doing behind her. She couldn't see the bed from she was sat, and somehow she hadn't dared peering over her shoulder yet. But she knew he would do everything he could to help Butch, and wondered why he hadn't stayed with her and her mother when the gang had brought their leader to their home in search for a place for him to rest his sick body. But from what she had seen from the French army surgeon, he only lend his aid when things turned grim. And things had turned grim overnight it seemed. She listened to the wind howl as the storm hit her strongest point, and huddled deeper into the horse blanket Frank had given her earlier. The little cabin sounded and moved like the wind was about to claim it, but this thing had seen storms much fiercer than this, and she tried to convince herself it would hold through this one too. She didn't know how long she had been staring into the fire, drifting in and out of sleep, when she was stirred from her absentmindedness by Butch's voice talking quietly to Barret, still at his leader's side. Deciding she wanted to see for herself how he was doing, she managed to push herself up out of the chair, mindful not to wake the sleeping young outlaw next to her, and made her way over to the big bed, stepping carefully over Skinny and Jesus, both asleep on the floor on their cots. She rubbed her arm shyly when Barret looked up at her, up and down, as if he expected her to hide a knife behind her back. Without waiting for permission, she gently sat down on Butch's other side, giving Barret an almost apologizing look. Butch was awake, and blinked slowly at the ceiling, but he seemed uninterested at her presence, for he must have noticed. They had rid him off his shirt, and had hung it over one of the low hanging beams for it to dry. It was Barret who broke the awkward silence that followed. \"How's your arm?\" He asked. Looking down at her bandaged wound, stinging from the alcohol, she nodded. \"It's alright.\" She said, biting her bottom lip in uneasiness. \"I think Frank did a good job on it. Doesn't hurt as much anymore.\" The army surgeon said nothing. He knew everything he needed to know, and he wasn't one to keep conversation to make someone else feel more at ease. \"How.. how is he doing?\" she continued, looking down at Butch, who had decided to close his eyes in exhaustion. She didn't know if he had fallen asleep, his breathing seemed too laboured for that, but he had surprised her before. \"He's had worse.\" Barret said. \"Looked worse too.\" Butch let out a tired chuckle, a grin forming on his face. \"Ye got the worst bedside manners west o' the Missouri, Jack.\" The outlaw leader grumbled, still smiling ear to ear with his eyes closed. \"Makes me wonder how many men ye send off to the next world just by talkin' down on them while they lay dyin'\" He chuckled. Fed up with Butch's sour comments, Barret got up from the bed with a tired sigh. \"You'll live.\" He stated. \"So I guess I won't add to my list tonight.\" He gave the girl stifling a grin a warning look. \"Don't exhaust him too much.\" He mumbled before turning away from the bed to find himself a spot to sleep. \"She really don't do much else.\" The ailing outlaw complained, placing his unwounded arm over his eyes dramatically. Eleanor shifted where she sat, swallowing thickly at the criminal's biting words. \"Well, we're back te where we started, aint we, Sharky?\" He continued, expecting her to still be there. \"Me all beer and skittles, and you sittin' there waiting fer the next lynchin'\" He let out a deep, impatient sigh. She said nothing, and just watched him closely while listening to the wind beat against the little cabin, trying to find a way to enter. \"Ye should probably try te rest up a bit. Didn't get much of a chance te do any of that, ah figure.\" \"Can't I just sit here for a while longer?\" Her timid question made him remove his arm to look at her weary form, shivering slightly from exhaustion and finally no longer sedated by alcohol. The girl he had no idea what to do with. Dragged halfway across the country on a wild goose chase to stay out of the hands of a bunch of mercenaries. No home to return to. Her remaining family's whereabouts and wellbeing unknown. Her future as blurry as the dirty, dust covered panelled windows of the trapper's cabin they ended up in. \"I won't sleep next to you, I promise.\" She continued, chuckling nervously. \"I know you hated that. Just let me sit here for a bit, and then I'll go. You have my word.\" He just gazed at her impassively. \"The wind makes me anxious.\" She explained, wringing her hands in her lap. It was only when she mentioned it that he became aware of the howling storm outside, and he looked up at the ceiling to listen to it for a minute, perhaps pondering on whether or not her concerns were justified. \"Ye only ever sleep soundly when te weather is cooperating?\" He asked, closing his eyes in sound exhaustion. He was supposed to rest, and he couldn't do much else anyway. \"Well, I'm not at home.\" She whispered, a little embarrassed. \"Ye aint gonna be home fer a while te come neither, miss Hartley.\" He sighed tiredly. \"One way er te other, yer gonna have te make do with this fer now.\" Carefully, he turned himself onto his right side, facing her despite not wanting to, and moaned in pain when he involuntarily moved his mangled shoulder. \"Ah can't make te rain stop, and ah can't make it stop snowin' either..\" He mumbled half asleep. \"Ah don't care what those damn injuns say about mah spiritual powers and all that bull. Ah could jump outta this bed and dance circles around a fire in mah bare ass, wind is still goin' te blow all she wants.\" She said nothing, and drew her knees up onto the bed, tucking strands of her dirtied hair behind her ears. He made no comment about wanting her to get off his bed, so she remained in this position, afraid to move in fear of him changing his mind about it. She watched him dose off, his form relaxing by the depths of sleep, and wondered if he would notice her break her promise and decide to sleep right next to him. The bed was big enough. Bigger than the one they had shared at Rosa's. But somehow he had been more compliant that night. Perhaps the presence of the Spanish woman soothed the more vicious parts of his nature. Whatever the reason was, he had never been in such a mood again, and she didn't expect to see it return. Deciding she had done enough to test his patience in the past few days, she reached out to pull the covers of the bed up to his chin, covering his wounded shoulder. Barret had bandaged it in clean, linen wrappings. He had removed the stitches too, disapproving of Standing Faith's doctor's cruel work, but she couldn't see if he had stitched the wound again. She felt horrible for causing Butch to get hurt like this. It had been the last thing she had wanted to happen. She didn't wish anyone to get hurt for that matter, her mother had raised her better than that, but to have it happen to someone who tried to help her, had saved her life more than once, was almost unbearable. Without realizing, caught in her tired mind's introspection, she had started to brush strands of hair out of Butch's face, smoothing them back with one trembling finger. He didn't notice. His breathing deep and slow. \"I'm so sorry.\" She whispered to his sleeping form. \"Please get better. Get better and forgive me.\" Against her own better judgement, she gently let her finger go down the bridge of his battered looking nose, just for the sake of touching him. Her mother had done just that when she was a little girl. She sat at her young daughter's bedside for hours doing the same thing over and over again, until the child's fears of the storm outside had passed. She wouldn't bother him tonight with her childish fears. She would be brave like he wanted her to be. Gathering her courage, she sat up, sliding off the bed without causing it to move too much. Next to him was the only place she felt safe in this dangerous world, and she hoped she could overcome her fears for his sake. He didn't want anyone near him, atleast not her, and certainly not now. She retreated back to her chair, back to Frank still leaning against the armrest, and sat down gingerly, drawing the horse blanket over her shivering form. She snuggled into its itchy, warm material, finally giving in to her own exhaustion. For now, all was quiet, all was still.[Chapter 34] Sorry about the long delay, guys. Hope you enjoy. Thanks for all the reviews, favs and follows. Chapter 34 She woke to the sound of Skinny and Frank having a snowball fight outside the cabin. The occasional stray snowball that hit the dirtied windows caused the whole rickety cabin to shake, but it didn't seem to bother the two young outlaws having the time of their lives. Inside, it was still comfortably warm, and their leader still enjoyed his much needed rest in the giant bed on the other end of the room. The tranquillity of the moment was almost unreal, and for a second she thought she was dreaming. The silence and peace of this frisk, winter morning made her reflect on times lost long ago. Back home around Christmas time. When the first snow had fallen, turning the whole world white. She would play in the snow with her little dog and her father. And sometimes, on those rare occasions, her mother joined in as well. Feeling much better than yesterday, though her head heavy from the hangover that usually followed after a night of drinking heavily, she decided to get up and see if she could be of any use to anyone. No one but her and a sleeping Butch seemed to be inside the cabin for now. He had rolled onto his back, his wounded arm cradled to his chest protectively. Figuring he wouldn't want her to disturb his rest, she decided to just let him be. She picked up the horse blanket and threw it around her shoulders before making her way outside, and was immediately met by a snowfall landing square in her face. \"Skinny, look whut ye did!\" She heard Frank bark at the timid young man. \"Are ye okay, miss Eleanor?!\" Laughing, she brushed the snow from her face and plucked the flakes out of her collar, feeling a shiver creep up her spine as some of it found a way into her shirt. \"Ahm mighty sorry, miss.\" Skinny apologized, looking at her like he expected her to show him every corner of the forest after his accident. \"Ah was..Ah was aimin' fer Frank.\" Still chuckling, she shook her head. \"It's fine. I'm not made of sugar.\" She gave the two young men a reassuring smile, breathing in the clean air, happy to be outside and noticing the other gang members were missing. \"Where's everybody?\" Pelting a last snowball loaded with pebbles into Skinny's face, Frank trotted his way over to her, using her close presence as a shield. \"Ah thinks they've gone out scoutin'. We ain't really safe out ere' and all and ah knows Ray was gettin' nervous about bein' ere fer so long.\" He explained. \"Thinks they've gone down te the town, see whut's goin' on and who's there te help. Might be Rangers.\" He gave her a worried look. \"That fire was pretty big. Could be seen fer miles.\" She listened, and let out a deep sigh, wondering if Butch had intended on burning down that entire village. She couldn't find any possible motives for him to do such a thing, but he had showed her before he didn't necessarily need a motive to do something. \"How's.. how's Butch?\" Frank was quiet for a moment, gnawing on his bottom lip as he tried to figure out what to say to the worried young woman beside him. \"Barret says te just let him sleep it off.\" He said. \"Ah aint sure whut he's supposed te sleep off but.. He sure is sleepin' an awful lot.\" Skinny had decided to cease his attempts at hitting Frank without hitting Eleanor, and made his way over to them to join the conversation. \"Barret also said Butch needs te drink a lot o' water.\" He stated matter of factly, nodding in agreement to himself, and obviously proud for remembering the army surgeon's instructions. \"A real awful lot. Or tea. Not coffee.\" \"Or whiskey.\" Eleanor filled in, giving them both a small smile. \"I'm sure he'll be fine. Like Barret would say.. he's had worse, right?\" Frank shrugged a little, and suddenly refused to meet her gaze. \"Ah thinks te thin' where he pukes up his insides all night is worse.\" Skinny said, wringing his hands together nervously. \"He always keeps me up when he does that.\" She swallowed thickly, remembering how sick Butch was when he first arrived at her ranch, and how long it had taken him to feel the least bits of better. She could only hope he wouldn't develop the same thing right now. Looking for a way to change the subject, her eyes fell on the two horses that were unknown to the gang's own animals. The brown horse she had taken from the stable last night, and a black horse with white socks and a white stripe on its face she didn't recognize. \"So who's that?\" she pointed at the black horse, and Frank followed her gaze. \"Ray killed one of them mercenaries that was chasin' him and Skinny.\" He explained. \"That's his horse.\" \"Ah has gone and named it Socks.\" Skinny grinned proudly. \"Cuz he's got four white feet and all.\" \"It aint very original.\" Frank complained. \"Ah voted for Benjamin. But there's only two of us so the election didn't really solve nuthin'\" \"Jesus wanted to eat him.\" Skinny told her, still shocked about the whole idea. \"Ah said te him he can go eat his own pair of socks if he wants te eat Socks so badly.\" She let out a chuckle, feeling much better to be among the light-hearted youngsters again. \"Well, what will we name the brown one?\" She said. \"He needs a name too. We can call him Benjamin.\" Frank's face lit up at her suggestion, and Skinny seemed to share in his enthusiasm. Their banter distracted her from the seriousness of the situation, and she noticed with fondness how Frank's horse Bobby was among the two others, he had found his way home without her. Butch's horse however, was still missing. \"Did Annabel come home yet?\" she asked. Skinny shook his head, and gave Frank a sympathetic look, knowing how much his friend liked his leader's mount. \"We're awful worried about er. She aint that young anymore.\" The bearded young man explained. \"She usually follows Butch around anywhere. It's strange she hasn't come up yet.\" She had no idea what had happened to the mare. She didn't know where Butch had put her before going into the opium den himself. They hadn't had a chance to retrieve her on their way out, and she wondered if anyone would recognize her as his horse. To those who did not know her, she seemed like a regular old mare. Calm and obedient. \"I'm sure she will find her way back to him.\" she tried to make the two young men feel better. \"She's probably stealing apples from a child somewhere.\" They both started laughing. As the morning progressed, the sun broke through, her rays not warm enough to do some significant melting, but she was nevertheless welcomed by the young outlaws continuing their playing in the snow while the girl explored the cabin's near surroundings. It lay hidden in the middle of a thick group of pine trees, on top of a steep hill with a stream that ran down on the other side, all the way to the little town. Enjoying the quiet, she sat on a wooden bench behind the small cabin and listened to the birds singing their songs and drying their feathers in the sun. The others returned when the sun was at her highest point. And they returned bearing stolen goods to last them a few more days while their leader recovered. It was Barret who visited her in her quiet spot, and handed her a steaming mug of tea, carrying one for himself as well. \"You mind?\" He asked, gesturing toward the bench. She blinked in surprise at his request, but quickly scooted over to give him room. \"Not at all.\" She answered politely. He sat down, stretching his legs out in front of him and leaned his back against the wall. He enjoyed peace and quiet as well, she reminded herself. And this was probably his spot before she made her entrance into the gang. Side by side, they sat there, gazing out over the tree tops in the distance and sipping their tea. Like a rancher and his wife pondering on how lucky they were. \"How's Butch?\" she asked finally, staring into her cup. Barret took a moment to answer, but then looked at her from the corner of his eyes. \"Why don't you go ask him yourself? It really has no use bothering me about it every time you get me alone.\" He complained. She bit her bottom lip in slight embarrassment. \"I don't hold records on how the man is functioning you know.\" \"It's just.. you're the doctor and I thought..\" \"Army surgeon.\" He corrected her with a sigh. \"Quite the difference.\" He then commenced to let his gaze rest on the tree tops swaying in the cold November breeze. She watched him close his eyes in quiet contemplation. \"I'm sorry.\" She apologized after a while, playing with the dents in her tin cup. The smooth metal worn with age. \"I suppose I'm nervous to ask him myself. He's not exactly happy with me right now.\" Barret said nothing, and took another sip of his tea. \"I'm the reason he got shot in the first place.\" \"I don't think shooting at Butch Cavendish is the best thing for you to do right now..\" He mumbled, his disinterest showing. \"I didn't shoot him.\" she argued. \"I came between him and someone he wanted to shoot himself. A child.\" The army surgeon said nothing, and his expression didn't change, so she continued. \"I couldn't let him kill the child. And that child ended up shooting him instead. This wouldn't have happened if I hadn't intervened.\" His silence was starting to make her nervous. \"What would you have done?\" she had asked the reverend the same question, receiving a pretty complicated answer as well. \"Probably less than I should.\" Barret mumbled, downing the rest of his tea. \"I've seen that man take bullets to the stomach and live to tell the tale to any woman willing to listen to his rambling.\" He let out a deep sigh. \"I've seen him wrapped in nightmares so violent you start wondering what the hell happened to him when he was a kid himself.\" She frowned at his story. \"I've seen him puke blood until his eyes were red shot and watery from the bile and exhaustion.\" Horrified, she stared at him. \"I don't think a bullet to his shoulder will do him.\" Barret wrapped up his story, giving her a tired look. \"I don't think you'll be the death of him neither, although he might make you feel that way sometimes.\" His intellect showing, she averted her eyes shyly. \"Drink your tea while it's hot, and get in there to ask him how he's doing. Don't be scared of him now. He's probably the least of your concerns right now, and I got a feeling he told you the same damn thing.\" She thought about his words for a while, gazing ahead of her, mimicking his position that way. The sun had started to set, and smoke still rose from the smouldering town of Standing Faith. She listened to the melting snow drip from the tree branches, the surrounding forests recovering slowly from the heavy storm. Their comfortable silence returned, and she finished her tea before it had a chance to turn cold. Then she got up, and moved past him without saying a word, feeling his eyes follow her to the front of the cabin. By now, Skinny and Frank had ceased their play, and had gone inside to warm up. The cabin smelled like Skinny's fresh coffee, and when she entered she was met by the cosy scene taking place. Butch was awake, leaning against several pillows propped up against the headboard of the old bed. In his lap a steaming mug of coffee, despite Barret telling him not to drink anything that might upset his stomach. Frank sat beside him, his hands wrapped around his own cup. And Skinny had decided to sit himself down in Eleanor's chair by the fire. They all looked up when she entered, but only Frank smiled in recognition. \"Look who's up!\" He announced happily. \"He even said he's hungry so Skinny's goin' out for rabbits in a bit. When the sun's completely gone and all of them bunnies are up and about.\" \"Frank, shut yer trap.\" Butch growled, leaning his head back tiredly. \"Last than' ah need right now is yer whiny mouth rattlin' on about bunnies.\" Mindful of his leader's still frail state, Frank lowered his voice to just above a whisper. \"He got a bit of a headache though.\" He told Eleanor like Butch wasn't even there. \"Jack said e' would have after drinkin' so much with so little blood. Don't do any good for ya.\" He shook his head sadly. \"Ahm right ere, Frank.\" Butch complained, his eyes closed. \"Ye don't shut yer big mouth ahm gonna shut it up fer ya.\" At that comment, Frank decided to get up from the bed and make his way over to the shy young woman still standing by the doorway. \"Makes him awfully cranky.\" He whispered to her, grinning like a naughty school boy. She tried to smile back at him, but found herself unable to do so for her feelings of worry overpowered any other. As Frank left, Skinny followed, leaving the girl and the outlaw leader alone. Butch ignored her, resting against his pillows in an attempt to regain his shaken composure. He was dizzy, and his shoulder throbbed painfully, a pain he felt in the tips of his fingers, making it quite unable for him to move his left arm. He felt the bed sink in where Frank had been sitting, indicating the young woman had sat down next to him. But to his joy, she refrained from speaking as of yet, granting him a few more moments of welcome silence. He could feel her look at him from she sat, study him as if he were a rare creature. No doubt she was studying the many scars on his chest. Finally shirtless and in brought daylight they were all visible. \"Ye got a few o' those yerself now, Sharky.\" He whispered in a hoarse voice. \"Few stories te tell. Ah told ye ye'd get them sooner er later.\" Curious to her reaction, he opened one eye to peer at her. But she somehow remained impassive, and only shifted where she sat to show her state of nervousness at being there. Fed up with her silence, he handed her his cup of coffee. \"Ye drink it.\" He mumbled, leaning back when she took it from him. \"Mah gut don't agree with it right now.\" She didn't drink it right away. Its strong smell making her slightly nauseous. \"Shall I make you some tea instead?\" she offered quietly. He shook his head, making a face. \"You're not actually hungry are you?\" she asked. \"Don't want nuthin' anywhere near mah stomach right now.\" He told her. \"Just gave those two morons sumthin' useful te do and leave me be.\" She nodded in understanding, and the silence returned to the small cabin. But it didn't feel as uncomfortable as before. She placed the cup of coffee on his nightstand, not feeling much for it herself right now, and leaned back against the footrest of the bed. He nodded off while she gazed at him, his breathing evening out slowly, indicating his state of slumber. There was nothing more she could do for him right now, besides from letting him sleep and heal. She made sure she covers of the bed were up to his chin, before leaving his side. She wondered how long they could stay here before someone would notice the abandoned cabin was occupied, and law enforcers would be notified about it. In need of giving herself a task, she commenced to poke up the fire to keep it roaring. \"Ye know, ah've been thinkin'\" his voice startled her, not expecting him to still be up. Still sitting on her knees in front of the fireplace, she turned her head to look at him. \"If yer mother is in prison, ah might be able te pull a string er two te get her out of there.\" She said nothing. \"But if it turns out they hanged her already.. ye might be better off movin' somewhere else. Out of Texas. Colorado maybe.\" She dropped her gaze to her coal covered hands, fighting back tears. \"If that don't appeal te ye.. ahm willin' te take ye up to San Francisco. Get ye into a boardin' house er however they call these things ladies of yer breedin' belong in nowadays. Show ye te ocean.\" \"I don't want to see the ocean.\" She spoke quietly. \"I want to go home.\" \"Home might not be what it used te be, Eleanor. Home might be gone by tahm we get back. Ye need te start thinkin' about alternatives te home.\" She felt herself shaking her head stubbornly, refusing to follow his train of thoughts. \"Wherever ye decide home's gonna be.. Ah'll take ye there. But ah can't promise ye it's gonna look the way ye want it to.\" \"I'm not like you.\" She argued softly. \"I have a family. Or had, atleast. Home is where they are.\" \"The only difference between you and I..\" He continued. \"Is ah've been givin time. In time.. ye'll see.. home is what ye make of it.\" she said nothing. \"But ye can't stay in this damn gang.\" She let out a bitter chuckle and shook her head. \"I knew you'd kick me out after this whole thing. I knew you would.\" \"Can't kick ye out of somethin' ye were never a part of, Sharky.\" He protested mildly. \"Yer taggin' along but ye aint never were one of us. And ye'll never be. Cuz ah'd be spendin' every goddamn hour of every goddamn day tryin' te keep ye safe.\" \"Not if you would.. teach me how to defend myself.\" She shot back, feeling slighted in her ability to take care of herself. \"Teach me how to shoot. You already taught me how to ride a horse properly.\" His gruff chuckle made her blush in embarrassment, he didn't take her serious very often. \"I mean it. I'm sure Rosa can shoot.\" \"you bet.\" His chuckling continued. \"So why don't you teach me?\" she looked up at him, but he refused to look at her, and kept his gaze on the wooden ceiling, littered in cobwebs and farm equipment from before the dawn of agriculture. \"or am I not worthy enough to be taught by the great Butch Cavendish?\" she added mockingly. \"The great Butch Cavendish.\" He repeated her words with a tired sigh. \"Ah suppose ah can show ye a trick er two.\" His voice sounded strained, like he was suddenly in a world of pain. \"But not right now. Right now.. ah have te rest.\" With that, he turned away from her, indicating their conversation had ended and he wished to be left alone. She wouldn't disturb him now. They would be on the trail soon enough again, and his healing would have to take place in the scarce moments of repose they would have. Left wanting for answers, she decided to get out of the cabin, and see if Frank and Skinny had returned from their bunny trapping yet. R&R; plz[Chapter 35] So sorry for the long wait, guys. Enjoy. Chapter 35 When morning arrived, the damage the fire had caused to the town of Standing Faith became clear. Most of its buildings were smouldering piles of blackened wood. Thankfully, there had been no victims. Though the majority of the village's population was now left homeless and had lost everything, as little as it may have been, to the fire. The sheriff's office had remained unscathed, and on its porch a bitter looking Henry Elton sat in one of the rocking chairs, overlooking the town's desolate people trying to save what was left of their belongings among the remains of their homes. His leg rested on another chair, bandaged and set for it had been broken under the weight of his late mount. He looked up when three riders entered the town, and halted in front of the sheriff's porch. \"Ah.\" He remarked haughtily. \"Our vigilante Dan Reid arrives just after the action. Something all that know him have grown very accustomed too over the course of the years. \" The Ranger dismounted slowly, looking quite shocked by the state he found the usual so lively town in, and ignored the agent's biting words. \"What happened here? Did you do this?\" Elton rolled his eyes. \"Why in God's name would I commence to burn down an entire town, Reid?! What good would that do?\" Dan said nothing, still gazing at the pile of ash that used to be Standing Faith. \"Where are your other Rangers?\" \"We decided to split up a few miles back. Figure that's probably what Cavendish did with his gang too.\" Dan replied, finally turning to look at the man he hated with every fibre in his body, his eyes resting on Elton's wounded leg. \"That looks painful.\" \"Yes, apart from your career it must be the most tragic thing you ever looked at.\" Elton sneered, refusing the lawman the courtesy of eye contact. \"Keep your observations to yourself, mister Texas Ranger. I can do without your rodeo clown sympathies.\" Dan spat in the dirt, a few inches from the porch. \"We found the La Silva fort burned to the ground a few days ago. Abandoned. And now we ride into this town, finding it looking just about the same.\" He continued, receiving no reaction from Elton. \"I know you and Evans tried to mislead me the last time we saw eachother. We figured it out soon enough. I aint about to let you ride by yourself anymore, Henry. You're making God knows how many victims in your search for that bounty you promised to those boys of yours.\" \"I had nothing to do with this mess.\" Elton objected half-heartedly, his disinterest showing. \"I arrived when it was already ablaze. And then that good for nothing idiot of a sheriff shot my horse right from under me, breaking my leg in the process.\" He shifted in his hard chair, trying to find a more agreeable position. \"So if you wish to follow me around from now on I suggest you start lending your heroic aid to the renovation of the local hotel. For that's where you'll be staying if you insist on breathing in my neck.\" \"Trust me, Henry. There's nothing that seems less appealing to me than bein' forced to stick around your person.\" Dan shot back. Elton didn't reply anymore, his eyes had fallen upon a chestnut mare calmly making her way through the chaotic main street. Saddled, and her long reins dragging behind her, she walked by burning buildings and frantic villagers like she knew these sort of scenes by heart, and the panic didn't affect her like it would affect many a other horse. \"How extensive is your knowledge on horses, Reid?\" Elton asked, still following the mare with his gaze. The Ranger rubbed his tired eyes. He had been riding hard all night and was in no mood to play along with Elton's little mind games. \"Extensive enough, I suppose.\" He answered, stifling a yawn. \"Why?\" \"Wouldn't you say horses are usually afraid of anything even remotely carrying the scent of fire?\" Elton continued. Now wondering where the man was going with his questions, Dan followed his gaze to the calm horse making her way over to the chapel, where the reverend stood on his porch with his hand extended, softly whistling to the animal. When the mare reached the little staircase leading up to the porch, she halted, and allowed the man of God to gently wind his fingers around her faded bridle. \"Strikes you as odd, Reid?\" Elton asked calmly. Although witness to the, indeed, odd scene unfolding in front of him, Dan decided not to think too much of a man calling a horse and the horse, in turn, obeying. \"Not particularly, no.\" He mumbled. \"Never seen a priest with a talent in handlin' horses, but other than that.\" They watched the reverend gently caress the ageing mare's long muzzle, talking to her in hushed tones. \"The man lost his horse and found her again. Good for him.\" Elton didn't reply anymore, and followed the reverend and the horse with his gaze as they made their way to the back of the chapel, out of sight. \"You want the girl, Dan?\" he asked eventually, regaining the Ranger's attention. \"I suggest you mount up and follow those two out of town.\" Finally, Dan followed the agent's keen gaze, all the way up the mountain ridge, where the reverend, atop the mare, lead her up the stream, disappearing among the trees. \"Good reverend Brady rode with Cavendish for years before the angels started whispering in his ear.\" The ranger remained unmoving, still unsure of the agent's exact intentions. \"Fortunately for him, we still live in a country where you can buy your freedom with a few prayers and bible recitals, proving they sound.. genuine enough.\" Dan shifted where he stood. \"You think he's going to Cavendish? With that old nag?\" \"Cavendish' old nag, mister Reid.\" Elton corrected him calmly. \"Old habits die hard. Same as old horses. I never took Cavendish for a sentimental man, but he always seemed to be quite attached to that mare. After all, she used to belong to the Comanche tribe, I believe. She's unmarked. And I'm sure, after all your excursions into Indian territory to get to know the savages, you picked up a thing or two about them not wanting any branded animals.\" Still struggling to follow the agent's confusing conclusions, the Ranger kept his gaze on the mountain ridge. The agent gave him his time to let the information settle in, and eventually, he was rewarded as the Ranger turned to his man and ordered him to mount up. A light, mischievous smile appeared around Elton's thin lips. His well-trimmed, curly moustache arched up in satisfaction at the result of his smooth talking. \"We're goin' up to see where Brady's going.\" Dan explained, mounting his own horse. He waited a moment, gazing at the agent's wounded leg. \"Think it's best ye stay here.\" Elton shot him an unamused look. \"Like I said before, Ranger. I can do without your pitiful sympathies. All I need from you is Cavendish. Preferably alive. And the girl, of course.\" With that, the two Rangers took off, heading in the direction of the trapper's cabin of Pine's Creek. Following the rocky trail up the hill. / They were losing the light fast. In this time of year, the sun didn't grace them with her rays for a very long time. And when the end of the afternoon arrived, the fading light already announced that nightfall wasn't far behind. The hunt for rabbits had been unsuccessful. Because, like Butch had said, he never expected the two boys to actually catch something. Most rabbits hid deep inside their dens during the height of winter, and rarely came out. The only thing Skinny had managed to kill was a little, lost, wild turkey. With hardly any meat on its bones. It wouldn't feed the entire gang. And so the men agreed on letting the two youngest eat it, they had been the ones productive enough to go hunt for it in the first place. Eleanor felt her stomach growl unpleasantly as she was denied food for more than a day. Frank had tried to share his catch with her, but she had refused. She didn't want a special treatment anymore. For now, this gang was her family, and she would do her best to prove to Butch she earned her stripes by now. Sitting outside on her quiet bench, trying to still the hunger by concentrating on the icy winds playing with her long hair, she didn't notice Barret sitting down next to her. \"Drink this.\" His voice stirred her awake, and he handed her a steaming cup of a white substance. \"It'll trick your stomach into thinking there's something in it.\" He explained. She sniffed it. Milk. Condensed milk from a can that the doctor probably found in one of the cupboards above the ancient stove inside the cabin. She took a careful sip, tasting the greasy sweetness of it, and made a face. This was usually used for cooking, preparing sauces, or feeding underfed infants. \"We can't live on this.\" She argued softly, taking another sip. \"Butch won't get better on this.\" The doctor sat down next to her, letting out a deep sigh. \"It's too rich for his stomach anyway.\" He said. \"He'd throw it all out before the end of day.\" Thinking over his words, she took another sip, feeling slightly sick herself. But that was hunger, and not the richness of the drink. She felt it sink into the pit of her stomach, like she had swallowed a brick. \"Well, that may be. But if he doesn't eat.. he'll die. Just like the rest of us.\" Her words didn't sound very strong. She was too tired to really argue. Barret took a moment to answer. Like he was considering if she was worthy of the next piece of information or not. \"I was in the trenches with him in 62.\" He spoke softly. She looked up at him, her eyes wide. He didn't meet her gaze, and held his fixed on the treeline surrounding the cabin. \"Our supply routes were cut off. Nothing reached the men for days. I had to watch them wither away to nothing, while considering the outcome I might become a victim myself. But he..\" Now he looked at her, studying her gaze. \"I don't think I ever heard him complain about hunger. I don't think I ever noticed him losing weight. Fact, I don't remember him changing in any way.\" She held his gaze, her mouth slightly opening and closing like she wanted to say something but hadn't decided on the words yet. \"What.. are you saying?\" she asked then, her voice small, scared of the surgeon's observations. \"I don't know.\" He told her, shrugging lightly. She lost his gaze as he looked back at the treeline. \"I didn't know then. I don't know now.\" He looked up at the grey sky, squinting his eyes against the tiny snow drops that twirled down from the tree branches. \"And maybe I don't want to know. Maybe some things aren't meant to be understood. They just.. are.\" She followed his gaze up for a moment, but found herself unable to shake off what he had just told her. \"I don't believe that.\" She stated sharply. \"He might have had a secret supply of crackers, I don't know. My father told me that the men higher in rank always seemed to have plenty to eat. And since Butch was a captain, I'm sure he had something.. somewhere.\" Barret said nothing, and simply nodded absentmindedly. Deciding on changing the subject, she then turned to him with a smile. \"He's going to teach me how to shoot.\" She grinned excitingly. \"It might come in handy, you know.. so he doesn't have to come to my rescue all the time.\" He said nothing, his expression unreadable. Feeling ignored, she huffed softly. \"Look, I don't deny Butch has.. surprised me with certain things too but.. what you're implying.. I don't even know what you're implying. You think he's not.. human? Is that it? I'm too old to believe in ghost stories, mister Barret. They don't scare me no more. I find reality alone to be much more scary than any story I've ever heard.\" When another silent reply followed, she had enough, and got up from her seat. \"I cannot weapon myself against ghosts.\" She said sharply. \"But I can learn how to weapon myself against humans. And they form the biggest threat as about now.\" With that last message, she left him, and returned to the front of the cabin to lean her back against the wooden frame. She waited there for a moment. Catching her breath like she had just ran a mile. She had been barely been alone for the past days, and it felt foreign to have no one around her, watching her every step. Feeling confused, and angry without knowing why, she fought back tears. She must have badly stifled a sob, for the cabin door was opened and Frank stepped outside. \"Ye alright, miss Elly? Why yer cryin?\" \"I'm not crying.\" She lied, keeping her eyes locked on her boots. \"My nose is runny because of the cold.\" Frank didn't seem convinced, but he wasn't one to start an argument, so he remained quiet. \"I need your gun.\" She decided, looking up at him with red, puffy eyes. He frowned in confusion. \"whut for?\" She held up the empty cup. The milk had grown cold, and she had tossed the last remaining bits in the snow. Frank stared at the mug like a deer in head lights. Somehow expecting it to be well deserving of a bullet for doing God knows what. \"Whut.. did it do?\" She burst out in chuckles, not able to keep a straight face in the light of Frank's naïve banter. \"Nothing, you fool!\" she giggled. \"I just want to practise my firing skills. Butch said he would teach me. But if I'm to wait for him, I'll be dead in the ground before you know it.\" Frank didn't seem so sure about her explanation, and he placed a protective hand over his weapon. \"He said ye needed te shoot at cups?\" He asked. \"He made me shoot at travellers and such when teachin' me how te shoot. Like stage coaches and the like. Ah hads te hit the driver and git the whole thang to a standstill so he could rob it.\" she gave him a horrified look, and he instantly regretted his story. \"Ah mean.. they probably deserved it.. \"He tried. \"That's whut ye git for.. travellin'..\" \"Alright, stop. I get it.\" she rubbed her tired eyes. \"He didn't tell me how he was planning on teaching me how to do it. Like I said.. if I have to wait for him to start this.. I want to do this myself, Frank. But I need a gun.\" She gazed at him pleadingly, but he still looked unsure about the whole idea. She faked her disappointment, and scoffed at his reluctance, pushing back. \"What, you want me to get killed in the next gun fight? You know it's coming. Rangers might be coming up here soon. And then what? Are you going to protect me?\" He looked terrified about the idea of being responsible for her safety. \"You can't be everywhere at once, and neither can Butch. Right? Right?\" \"Ah.. ah's suppose so.\" He said, tripping over his own tongue. \"Then give me your gun.\" She smiled, holding up the cup. \"And teach me how to put a hole in this thing.\" Franks eyes went from the cup to the girl's determined grin, and back again. He sighed. Defeated. \"Ah only know ye gotta keep yer hands real still.\" He mumbled, handing her his revolver with obvious reluctance. \"And ye gotta aim a little higher than whut ye want te hit.\" He watched her position the metal cup on a tree trunk about fifteen feet away from the cabin, and return to his side. She cocked the gun in a clumsy matter, and aimed it at her self-proclaimed target. Closing one eye, she tried to steady her hand, but still found it trembling slightly from cold and exposure. She fired, making herself jump at the sound. Birds scattered from the trees, crowing in panic. When silence returned, and the smoke cleared away to reveal the cup unharmed and still sitting on the same spot as she put it, the door of the cabin flew open and Barret, Ray, Skinny and Jesus hurried out with their weapons drawn. \"The hell is goin' on?!\" Ray barked angrily, fishing the smouldering gun from the girl's hand. \"Are ye outta ya damn mind, gurl?! Don't ye be causin' any ruckus in this place! Who knows who can hear us down there in that damn village?!\" He chucked the gun into the snow, making Frank dug for it immediately. \"I'm.. I'm sorry!\" She tripped over her own words as Ray backed her into the walls of the cabin, his deep set eyes spitting fire. \"I didn't mean to..\" \"That's enough, Ray.\" Barret's gruff voice caused the man to peer over his shoulder. \"Let her be.\" It was all the protection the army surgeon was willing to give her, for he walked away as soon as he and Ray had made eye contact. But it was enough for now, and Ray backed away from her, huffing in anger. She closed her eyes for a moment to regain her bearings, and shivered with her back against the wooden structure. As Frank came to her side to offer her the little bit of comfort he could give, she tried to smile at him. It was Skinny's voice that made them both jump. \"We got visitors!\"[Chapter 36] Chapter 36 Sorry for the long wait. Enjoy. 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 Elton had waited for the two Rangers to be out of sight before turning to the third Ranger that had been left behind, presumably to keep an eye on the agent. \"What's your name, boy?\" The Ranger spat in the dirt, leaning against one of the posts supporting the porch. \"Doncaster. Bob Doncaster.\" Elton smiled, his moustache curling unpleasantly. \"Why?\" \"I like to know the names of my victims. Call it a penchant for administration.\" The Ranger frowned at his words, and threw his cigarette on the ground. \"The hell yer talkin' about?\" Before he realized, a knife appeared from behind him and slit his throat. The man gurgled, spat and then slumped into the sand, revealing Elton's henchman, who bend down impassively to pull his knife out of the dead Ranger. \"Pity.\" Elton sneered, pulling himself up out of his chair. \"Takes years and small fortunes to train these poor souls.\" He gazed at the dead man for a moment, before looking at his man. \"Get me a horse.\" The man nodded and left while his employer followed him with his eyes. He scanned the perimeter for any unwanted witnesses. But as he had predicted, everyone was too busy putting out the last bits of the fire, or gathering what was left of their belongings. No one had noticed the small drama taking place in front of the Sheriff's office. 000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 The setting sun robbed her from a clear view on who was approaching the cabin. But the sound of spurs and horse hooves revealed a rider was entering the gang's den. A brave soul, she had to admit. Whoever it was, he assumed himself strong, able or known well enough to stroll into the midst of Butch's gang. Guns were readied, cocked and hammered, and she vaguely noticed how each of the members took positions behind boulders, trunks and trees. They knew how to handle themselves in a situation like this. She herself had frozen into place, her back still against the side of the cabin, she somehow deemed herself safe there. Frank had left her side in a hurry to help out the rest of the men, and she saw him from the corner of her eyes, hiding behind a big rock. The door next to her opened, and a shirtless, feverish looking Butch suddenly stood beside her, his revolver dangling from one finger to his side. He obviously didn't expect much trouble from whoever was approaching. Through the damp and the haze, Annabel quietly entered the camp, her thread almost silent, like she had been taught to balance her weight a sudden way to avoid being detected by whoever might be on her trail. On her back, seated in Butch's faded, leather saddle, was the town's reverend, who had been smart enough to place his hands behind his head. \"Hold yer fire!\" Ray barked from behind a boulder. \"It's Josh Brady.\" Not every member seemed to recognize the priest. The youngest, Kyle and Frank, exchanged questioning looks with eachother. But Ray seemed more euphoric than ever, and walked up to the reverend with a big grin on his wrinkled face, extending his hand to help him off their leader's horse. \"Ah'll be damned! Ah didn't want te believe it when they told me ye took up that bible!\" Ray chuckled, on the verge of giving the man a hug, but restraining himself for the sake of losing face. \"Been how many years now, Josh? Ten? Twelve?\" \"Fourteen.\" Brady answered, and let himself slide off the saddle until his spurred boots hit the frozen ground gently. \"Because you didn't join us in the war, did you? You decided to play house on the frontier instead.\" The statement knocked the grin off Ray's face in a second, and he let out a indignant huff. \"That wasn't mah fight.\" He argued weakly. \"Ah had a wife. Had a kid. Couldn't go fightin' for them darkies like you all did.\" The reverend smiled at the older man, but was obviously done with the conversation, and turned his gaze to Barret, standing a few feet away from the scene. \"Doctor.\" He gave the army surgeon a courteous nod, and the gesture was returned with a few second interval. \"Still riding along, I see? I would have thought you had moved on to greener pastures by now. A man of your potential.\" Barret didn't reply, and looked away eventually, his way of telling the priest to drop the subject and state his business. \"I see you still favour the gift of silence too.\" Brady pushed on, regaining the doctor's attention. \"You shouldn't be here, Josh.\" Barret told him, letting his eyes roam the tree tops. \"We got nothing more to say to you.\" \"I beg to differ.\" The priest answered, holding up Annabel's reins and locking eyes with her owner, who had now taken to lean against the side of the doorpost. \"I recognized her the moment she didn't care one bit about that town down there burning to the ground. She never was much of a scaredy cat, was she? That's what you liked about her.\" Butch narrowed his eyes, his gaze still fixed on the priest, but he seemed more bored with the man than threatened. The man returning his horse didn't wait for the gang leader to accept her graciously, and dropped the reins in front of him like he had sudden lost interest in the whole situation. \"There's two men coming up here.\" Brady stated dryly. \"I think they're Rangers. And your friend Henry Elton is at our beloved sheriff's office recovering from a broken leg. I don't think he'll be chasing your tail for a while to come.\" The girl next to the highly wanted criminal let out a relieved sigh at the news, and received a warning glare from the man she had put her trust in. The priest followed their small interaction with a mixture of distaste and worry. \"You can't keep dragging her along. I'm glad to see you decided to take her with you, but she aint one ounce safer with you than she is out here by herself.\" \"Aint that so now.\" Butch grumbled with a bored tone. \"Ahm gettin mighty tired of all ye folks out there tellin' me what ah should do with this girl.\" \"No one would say a word about it if you didn't have a reputation for yourself that could very well mean the end of her life, Bartholomew.\" Brady shot back defiantly, and took an urgent step in the outlaw's direction to emphasize his next words, and to exclude the other men from their conversation. \"Don't forget I was there the night with Red. Don't forget what I've seen you do.\" He whispered fervently, loud enough for Eleanor to hear, as she was standing right next to Butch. \"Shut up!\" In a flash, Butch had grabbed the priest by his front collar, and pushed him away as hard as he could, causing the man to lose his footing, and fall back in the snow with a harsh thud. \"Get outta here, Josh.\" The gang leader hissed menacingly. \"Don't make me put a hole in ye. That's another thang ye've seen me do once er twice, aint it?\" He turned his back toward the reverend, and walked back into the cabin to get dressed, passing the girl like she wasn't even there. Brady got up with a patience than would have admired most men, and brushed the snow and mud off his long black coat like he had simply tripped during a stroll in the woods. \"They burned down the La Silva fort a few days ago.\" He spoke to Butch's back before the man had a chance to slam the door. \"They left it. Abandoned.\" Butch had frozen in the doorway, but gave no other reaction. \"And that girl told me you took her to Rosa, leading your posse straight into the only safe place you've ever had!\" But instead of turning to face the priest during his desperate rant, Butch picked up his shirt from a chair and started dressing himself like he had just woken up on a lazy Sunday morning. \"My God, man! What have you done!\" Brady called with a shaky voice, obviously losing his patience. \"Does the whole world have to burn down?! Is that where you're at right now?!\" When Butch turned to kick the door shut in a violent burst of energy, the reverend looked more offended than ever, and almost truthfully hurt at his old friend's unwillingness to talk to him. Crestfallen, Eleanor stared at the priest with wide eyes. The news of Rosa's fate only hitting her slowly, sinking like a brick into the pit of stomach. The lively fort she had been taken to, and the safety she had felt among life's most wanted misfits, was the last place she wanted to see destroyed. No matter if its inhabitants were criminals. And she realized, more than ever, that there was a black scorched trail following her on her journey, with remains of destroyed lives behind her. Travelling with a man like Butch only meant despair and ruin for those they encountered on their path. With a trembling voice, she tried to get the priests' attention. \"Where.. where do you think they went? Rosa and.. all of the other women?\" He didn't seem eager to answer her question, and only met her gaze when he had convinced himself Butch wouldn't come back out of the cabin any time soon. \"I don't know.\" He spoke softly. \"I hope, for her sake, she went back to where she came from all those years ago. Further West, then South, into Mexico. Maybe.. she'll find remnants of the family she was forced to leave behind when she was young.\" Having no idea what ever happened to the woman, Eleanor was left without words. She had done her speculating on Rosa's past, and she wasn't about to start doing it again. \"But she might as well have perished in that fort when it was set ablaze. I don't see her abandoning her girls.\" He continued solemnly. \"Rangers approaching!\" Jesus cried with a thick Spanish accent. \"Two!\" Brady looked over his shoulder in the direction of where had come from, and where the Rangers had followed him up the stream. \"I would have enjoyed more time with you, miss Hartley.\" He started. \"But I'm afraid this is where our roads must separate.\" She searched for his eyes with a concerned expression. \"You led them here?\" she whispered in disbelief. \"Why?\" He shook his head, trying to smile. \"Not everything is what it seems at first glance.\" He answered, taking hold of her arms and giving them a comforting squeeze. \"We shall see eachother again. If not in this life, then maybe the next.\" With those words, he turned from her to Butch's frantic men, left without leadership as Butch remained inside the cabin. \"Jack!\" Barret came up to him, calm as ever. \"Take those boys out of here, bring the girl. I'll hold them off.\" The army surgeon tilted his head at the curious orders given to him by a man not his leader. \"You expect me to abandon him?\" He gave a short nod to the cabin. \"Wouldn't you like to witness that?\" The reverend readied his revolver with agitated impatience, shaking his head vigorously. \"If you think Butch is still in that cabin you haven't seen enough of him yet.\" He whispered fervently to the Frenchman. \"But you will. Leave her to tag along and eventually, come with time, you'll see plenty more of him.\" He moved past Barret, who had taken to stare at the ground in confusion, a deep set drown on his dirtied face. When he and Eleanor locked eyes, he suddenly seemed to remember how to shift himself and walked up to the cabin, swaying the door open to reveal an empty room, looking like it had never been occupied by the gang at all. She peered around his shoulder into the vacant cabin. \"Where did he go?\" she asked. If he seemed surprised at her sudden presence right behind him, he didn't show. And instead turned around sharply to look at the horse the priest had so thoughtfully returned to camp. But Annabel was no longer there. \"mount up.\" He instructed the girl, shaking off the oddness of the situation. \"We're leaving.\" He walked away from her, barking orders at the rest of the gang. While she readied Paluxy, Frank joined her tugging Bobby along. No shots had been fired yet, though several words had been called back and forth between the reverend, shielding himself behind a large oak tree, and the two Rangers behind a big boulder. He was giving the gang time to pack and get ready before he'd commence to allow the Rangers to approach even further. Of Butch, no trace had been found yet. But he wasn't far, she could feel his eyes burn into the back of her skull as she strapped and bridled her mare. As Frank came up to her, he tossed a pair of dust covered trousers and a thick trapper's coat at her. \"Jack said te put those on.\" He explained as she gave him a confused look. \"We goin' by te flats. Cold down there.\" He pulled himself into his saddle. She and him had changed clothes some time before, and instead of putting back on her dress, she had now been given her own set of outlaw garments. She put them on hastily, and pulled out the half destroyed dress from her saddle bags. For a moment, she hesitated, fumbling with the damp fabric in her hands, A dress her mother had made for her. A shot was fired, and instead of jumping in surprise, her expression hardened, and she tossed the dress into the snow. It would do her no good no more. With determination, she pulled herself up onto the horse, giving Frank a small nod to indicate she was ready to go. \"Move out!\" Barret yelled out, mounting his big, black stallion. He raised his arm, circling his finger to tell the men they were leaving, and time was up. Multiple shots were fired between the reverend and the two Rangers, who were unable to get closer because of it. The gang moved out, with Barret at the lead. They manoeuvred their horses around the trees with skill and experience, and Eleanor could do nothing but cling on to Little Paluxy for dear life and hope her mare had done this before. The steep path, covered in rocks and tree trunks was nothing short of an obstacle court at this speed for even the most experienced rider. The gang had surrounded her, and she wasn't sure it was deliberate, following orders, or if she was just the slowest of them all and caught in the middle of the much bigger horses. From the corner of her eyes she saw Ray leading the two obtained horses behind him. They had yet to serve their purpose. Suddenly it seemed they were with more than they used to be, and she frowned when she tried to make out the faces of the three strangers riding along side with them now. The trees moved by so fast, her vision was a blurry mess, she narrowed her eyes to identify them. When one of the riders moved his head to look at her, she recognized the distinct features of Henry Elton and couldn't help but pull her reins in shock. Her mare neighed and staggered in panicked response, and she tried to move away from Elton's prying hands attempting to grab her horse's bridle to bring her to a halt. \"Get away from me!\" she screamed in horror. In the chaos, she vaguely heard shots getting fired, horses whinnying in panic as the pursuit continued on full speed. Now that the strangers had been discovered, the gang joined in to fight them off. Bullets flew back and forth, but somehow the distraction was so big no one noticed her struggle with Elton, still trying to grab her horse's reins. Paluxy was a lot smaller than his mount, and her scared cries while being pushed and prodded by the man's much larger steed only increased the girl's panic. He slowed her down bit by bit, and she watched in horror as the gang continued their trail while still battling the two other mercenaries. Going down a steep ridge, her horse suddenly lost its footing, and tumbled over whinnying in alarm. Eleanor cried out as she was launched over Paluxy's head, landing in the gravel and brush covered ground, sliding down with the enormous weight of her horse right behind her. There was no stopping her descent down the slope of the ridge. Together, girl and beast, they plummeted down the mountain. Only coming to a halt when they both ended in a creek at the foot of the hill. The horse's weight landed painfully on her leg, rendering her unable to move. Crying in pain at the sheer pressure, she tried to push the struggling horse off of her. Paluxy was a bloodied mess, and her right front leg was bend at an odd angle. The girl felt tears well up in panic, fear and pity for the suffering old horse in front of her. She reached up to feel her forehead, and looked at her own blood covered hand. She whimpered, trembling from shock. Small rocks continued to roll down the path she had fallen down from, and she tried to look over her shoulders to see Elton slowly but steadily make his way over to her, leading his horse down with caution as to not mimic the girl's own fall. Eleanor continued trying to struggle herself free from the weight of the dying beast, but found she wasn't strong enough and her bruised arms refused to cooperate in full. Behind Elton, on top of the ridge, the faces of Dan and his henchman appeared, looking slightly out of breath they peered down at the scene. To them, Elton had broken his leg, and to see him riding a horse down a steep slope was about as strange as seeing a rabbit ride a bicycle. \"Lying bastard.\" Dan huffed under his breath. \"Henry! What te hell yer doin'?! Get back up here!\" Elton didn't seem to hear the Ranger's voice as he steadily continued approaching the trapped young woman. His face, covered in sweat and pale as a ghost, reminded her of men she had seen in her youth. Infested with Tuberculosis or Diphtheria. He looked hardly human right now, and she had seen this insane look in his eyes once or twice before. The Rangers had begun their descend as well. On foot, they had to grab and hold on to trees to prevent from falling head first down the mountain. But they would never reach her in time to stop Elton from whatever he was planning on doing to her. They continued calling his name, telling him to stop, but the agent refused to even look at them and acknowledge their presence. Panicking at the idea of what Elton was up to, Eleanor pushed herself up to frantically search her saddlebags for her old revolver. Hushing her mare to please lay still, she pulled the gun out, cocking the hammer with half frozen hands. She lay back down, wincing at the pain the moving horse caused her, she tried to roll to her side and aim at Elton, still a good few feet away from her. She fired, the gun clicked, spraying nothing but water drops around. She let out an exasperated whimper, trying again, with the same result. The powder had gotten wet, and the gun was useless. Somehow her weapon refused to obey every time she had tried to fire it. Somehow God didn't want her to become a killer, no matter the amount of revolvers in her saddle bags. She jumped when a shot was fired, and the water was hit right beside her shoulder. The cries of the Rangers for Elton to stop shooting at her rang in her ears like they were further away than they really were. She froze for a second, her heart beating in her throat. Another bullet hit the water on her other side. At this angle, Elton found it hard to get a clear shot from behind the thick brush. She struggled once more, her instinct to survive kicking in while she begged Paluxy to get up, or atleast to shift her weight. Once Elton had reached her, his face a mixture of hate and insanity, he grabbed the front of her shirt and pulled with such blind force she was released from the horse's weight. He pulled her to her staggering feet. \"I've got you now!\" He hissed between his teeth at the struggling girl. The Rangers, still trying to get him to stop, had now decided to open fire to save her life. \"You're coming with me, you wretched wench.\" Elton dragged her with him, away from the bullets, down the creek he took her. The thick brush covering their trail. \"Let me go!\" she snarled angrily, but it only caused him to tighten his hold on her, and now cover her mouth to silence her as he took her with him through the water until the creek turned into a wider river. \"I swear to God I'll make sure your mother swings during the next public hanging if you don't shut your trap.\" He hissed menacingly in her ear, rendering her silent. \"You're going to get me Cavendish, by God you will!\" She inhaled sharply as she felt his hand travel up the front of her chest to her throat. She listened to the Rangers call her and Elton's name, in search of them both, but they had moved around a bend, hidden behind a fallen tree that had stopped the river from flowing and had caused the water to become chin deep in places. \"But you'll bring him to me dead. He'll come look for you, won't he?\" he continued to whisper in her ear, pulling her deeper into the water. She could feel him shiver at the water's wintery temperature, she herself too afraid to feel the cold. \"What have you turned him into, hm?\"He asked, almost curious, his voice trembling from cold as the water level now reached both their waists. \"We're all wondering just that.\" She frowned at his words, unsure of who he meant by we. \"But never mind that. You'll be floating face down once he comes here. And I'm going to enjoy this far more than you'll ever know.\" They had almost reached the deepest part of the river, right next to the dead tree serving as a dam that would mean her death. He pushed her head under water, keeping her there while she struggled against his grasp. He snarled at her fight, smiling ear to ear as he commenced to drown the young woman. Underwater, she couldn't hear the gunfight break out. She screamed without sound, filling her lungs with water as she continued her struggle. After minutes that seemed like hours, he let her go, but by that time she was unable to move on her own, her strength leaving her. She opened her eyes, no longer breathing as she gazed upon the underside of the tree and the beaver dam that had been built underneath. Her mind wandered away from her body, and she felt like she was floating somewhere between Heaven and earth. The dimmed noises above the surface didn't affect her, she felt invisible, safe in a way. Her consciousness slipped away from her little by little, and she hardly realized the hand that wound itself around her wrist, pulling her up. R&R;[Chapter 37] Thanks for the reviews! Chapter 37 There was a pond not far from the house. She used to swim in it with her mother during warm summer days, when the prairie was blossoming with flowers and the air was hazy from the heat and the bugs. You could skate on it when it was frozen over, she remembered coming home with bruised knees from falling, smiling ear to ear as her mother put homemade chamomile paste on her bruises. Herds of deer and wild horses drank from it greedily in the twilight of the evenings. She could study them come and go, their eyes illuminated by fireflies. Her father used to take out a sketch book and pencil, and draw the animals that came by for water. Her mother ended up framing each and every piece of parchment he ever touched, and hung them around the house after he passed away. Each year, on the day die he died, Eleanor remembered her mother's reflective mood as she stood in front of the wall of drawings, studying them as if she'd never seen them before. Heaven looked like home. Just without animals, or family. She had the whole place to herself. A breezy, hazy summer's day. With their lone sycamore tree swaying gently in the desert wind, scattering her leafs across the pond, letting them twirl in circles creating ripples on the surface of the water. Heaven had no sound to her. All was still and quiet. All she heard was her own calm breathing, calmer than it should be. As she moved her head to look around, her movements seemed to be bend in time, slower, steadier and with more serenity. Her long, auburn hair danced in the silent, hot wind. There was a dog barking, but she couldn't see where the sound was coming from. Behind her, on the porch of the house she had breathed her first breath, a rocking chair creaked with a familiar sound. She turned to look at Grandfather, smoking his pipe in the lone hours of the afternoon. There was no trace of blood on his face like the last time she saw him. In fact, he looked better than ever. Better than before father died. Better than she had ever seen him. She frowned at the sight, but could somehow not be bothered by it in the silent haze that surrounded her. A horse neighed gently, and she moved her head in the direction of the sound. Her father, looking as strong as she had once known him, before the war, before he got sick, leading his old horse from the stables. The stables that Elton had so carefully, punctually burned to the ground. She had been rebuild, the pigs happy, scurrying around their little mud pool. She felt tears well up, watching her father harnessing the horse for field work. The plough had withered away from age and not being used after his passing. But there it was, in the same state it had been the day father purchased it and brought it home, beaming with pride at his new tool. A tool that would make life for his family so much easier than it had been. He walked up to her, smiling like a young fool, and took her crying face in his hands. \"Elly.\" His voice caused a sob to escape her lips. \"I'm so proud of you. So proud.\" Her knees buckled and she somehow found herself sitting on the floor of the porch, her father kneeling in front of her, cooing and consoling her like he had done when she was just a child. As she cried, silent sobbing in a dry wind, he murmured the tune he had put her to sleep with during stormy nights. When lightning and thunder kept her awake, and she'd hide under her bed until he came to soothe her fears. He drew her close against him, and she listened to the vibrations in his chest while he continued his humming. All that missed was the gentle beating of his heart. Trembling from silent crying, she opened her eyes to look at the sycamore tree, it's gentle swaying form reflecting in the pond's smooth surface. The sun seemed to be setting. The light was changing fast. From across the pond, a small coyote was watching her. He sat quietly, his smooth, brown coat coloured yellow in the dying light of the fading day. He looked up to follow the falling leafs with his keen, blue eyes, before turning back to gaze at her in expectation. She returned it with a tired expression, still pressed against her father's vibrating chest. The pond was flowing over, and water gathered around the coyote's feet. But she wasn't alarmed. Somehow, she knew this is what needed to happen for it all to go away. \"It's time to go, Elly.\" She shook her head slowly against her father's words, closing her eyes at the dreaded feeling of water accumulating around her knees. \"I want to stay with you.\" Her voice sounded strange to herself. Lighter, like it hadn't been in years. Before she stopped singing at church. Before they sold Grandfather's piano. The water was rising fast, now up to her waist, soaking the suddenly clean blue dress her mother had made for her. She wore ribbons in her hair that day. Her father had given her those to match with her dress. But her hair was soaked now. The ribbons had vanished. And the water rose to her chin. She sobbed quietly against the inevitable, wrapping her arms around her father tightly. \"Don't make me go.\" She raised her chin against the rising tide, suddenly overcome by fear of drowning allover again. \"Don't be afraid.\" Her father whispered to her. \"It'll be over soon.\" He pushed her away from her gently to gaze into her eyes with a loving smile. His sideburns full, and his eyes the same vibrant green as they had been before the war. She had his eyes. She knew she did. Her mother told her so. But she couldn't see their colour in the faded black and white picture she had of him. Her parents' wedding day. The only photo she had of her father. The one that died in the fire. \"You keep pushin' on, Elly. You keep grittin' your teeth till you're home. I know you can do that.\" He was crying too now, the water up to his chin, almost rendering him unable to speak. He leaned in to kiss her as the water reached her lips, and she felt the sudden urge to breathe, but what filled her lungs wasn't water but air. \"Breathe, Elly.\" He spoke to her underwater, but his voice was clear as day. \"Breathe.\" She breathed again, the water forcing her to close her eyes, her hair floating around her as the world turned quiet, and the fading day disappeared. She was going up. Up to the surface that she thought had to be the sky, had to be Heaven itself as she had just been standing on the porch of her old home. So fast she was going, like something was pulling her with a determination that rendered her mindless, thoughtless and almost bodiless. She inhaled long and hard as she reached the surface, pulling the air straight from Butch's lungs, his lips sealed on hers for a lingering second before he drew away to allow her lungs to take over themselves. She coughed and sputtered on the water that forced itself up from the pit of her very core, and she vaguely felt the drops of cold water drip from the long wet tresses of Butch's hair fall onto her face. As she continued vomiting up the entire river's water supply, she was roughly turned onto her side, to make it easier to heave out the ice cold substance. Somewhere in the back of her mind she heard his rough, taunting chuckle. And the tremor that came with it revealed how cold he felt himself. Still numb, the hypothermia had not reached her yet. And for a moment, she just felt warm and safe in the shadow of his body, still so close to her own as he hovered above her. \"Welcome back, Sharky.\" He whispered in her ear. A heavy horse blanket appeared around her shoulders, pressing the damp material of her soaked through clothes more tightly and uncomfortably to her body. She started shivering uncontrollably, and was about to ask questions when she realized he had gotten back on his feet and had trudged off. The sounds of an ongoing gunfire reached her numbed senses only slowly, and she gazed down at her fingers dug in the wet sand of the river's banks. Men were yelling, and horses whinnied in panic. She forced herself to sit up and take in her blurry surroundings. The air was filled with smoke from recently fired pistols, revolvers and rifles. And she found it hard to breathe still, placing a trembling to her aching chest, feeling the vibrations of her struggling, cold lungs. Across the river, the Rangers had opened fire on the gang of bandits she called home for now. They had received back up from the Sheriff of Standing Faith, and the banks of the river had momentarily been turned into a small warzone, with weapons firing at eachother on both sides. She watched Butch load his revolver behind a large, pine tree. He was soaked to the bone, water accumulating around his boots. He had jumped right after her, she realized. Feeling herself fade, she lay down, the wet sand feeling like the most comfortable bed she had ever been on. Rolling onto her back, she gazed at the swaying tree tops, and the circles of smoke that lingered between the highest branches. The gunfight seemed to take hours, but she was shielded behind the fallen tree that hung over the river, its broken roots dug in the banks. She blinked slowly against the watery rays of the winter sun, feeling her face dry in its fading, warm light. The overwhelming feeling of exhaustion buried itself in her stomach, and she yawned despite the noise surrounding her. Shock. She was going into shock. She recognized the symptoms. She had seen them in her father after he returned from the war. Every little thing seemed to tick him off. Sent him flying up the walls and then fall asleep. She couldn't fight it, and closed her eyes. Ooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo She woke to the sound of a crackling fire. Crickets joined in, and together, they made up the sound of a quiet desert night. Her eyelids, feeling heavy, obeyed her only slowly when she tried to open her eyes, staring into Orion's Belt in all of her colourful wonder. The air smelled dry and heavy from the day, and she knew they were no longer on the banks of the river. She turned her throbbing head into the direction of the soft sound of men talking in hushed tones. The gentle jingling of their spurs and gun belts as they moved around silently, mindful of the girl sleeping on the other side of the campfire. She smelled Kyle's strong coffee, and couldn't help but smile at the serenity of the moment. She counted their backs through half lidded eyes, and concluded they were all safe and accounted for. The soft noises of the horses drew her attention away from the gang, and she vaguely remembered her fall with Paluxy. And the horses counted all but one. She felt the blood drain from her face as she realized she had been responsible for her poor little mare's tumble and ruin. Stifling a sob, she averted her eyes back to the galaxy, feeling hot tears roll down her cheeks. Poor Little Paluxy. The only horse Butch had ever named. She must have created a sound, cause the men stopped talking and one of them was coming over. Barret's face appeared into view, a deep gash on his cheek from the fight they had today. As usual, he didn't look worried, just agitated with the situation as he kneeled down beside her. Crudely, he snapped his fingers in front of her eyes, and she flinched at the unkind gesture before shooting him a glare. He ignored her and reached for a flask of water attached to his belt. The thought of consuming water after coughing up half the river didn't appeal to her in the slightest, but it was no use to fight against Barret's treatment. He helped her drink, supporting her head out of duty and efficiency. \"Where are we?\" her voice sounded strange and hoarse to herself, but she had made herself audible anyway, and the army surgeon gave her a bored look while storing the flask away. \"What time is it?\" \"A little after midnight, I think.\" He started with the easiest question and looked around, like he was still trying to determine their exact location. \"We're about twenty miles West from Standing Faith by now.\" He whispered for some reason, like he was instructed to keep the noise to a minimum. They were pushing west again. And she remembered Butch's talk about San Francisco and boarding houses for young women. \"West.\" She frowned. \"Why?\" He didn't seem eager to explain the gang's decision, and chewed on his lip for a moment. \"We're taking the wagon trail for a while. It's something the law don't exactly expect us to do. And the road is easy and well-travelled.\" She frowned at his words. \"we've got wounded. Butch is still shot up. Ray got hit in his leg, and you nearly drowned. You'd be lucky if you don't get a lung infection from this.\" She gazed at him in silence, narrowing her eyes as she tried to read his expression, and the thing he was so obviously trying not to tell her in order to keep the peace. \"We're going to rob settlers, are we?\" she whispered in defeat. \"We need the money, don't we?\" \"This time of season there's hardly any settler worth robbing travelling these roads, so I'm not sure what the plan is.\" Barret answered in truth as he got up. \"Fact is, we had to improvise after that gunfight.\" She gave no reply. \"Get some sleep.\" He walked off, back to the group to report about her condition. She didn't turn her head to look at them, somewhat embarrassed about the fact this gang was forced to improvise around her person. She listened to Barret's voice telling the rest about her questions, and her reaction to his answers no doubt. It was Ray who replied in his usual angry tones. From day one, he had felt nothing for allowing her to travel along, and he still held on to that opinion. She didn't hear Butch's voice join the conversation. She only heard him cough a couple of times, the sound worrying her. He had no reserves on his body. He was destroying himself long before she ever met him, and she wondered when the day would come he would collapse like he had done at her home. She wished Frank would be at her side right now. Making her laugh without meaning to. But he didn't move away from the group this time, nor did he make a sound to make his presence known. She felt alone, her feelings of serenity leaving her slowly as she continued gazing at the clear starry sky. The heavy weight of the stack of horse blankets covering her felt as if the weight of the universe rested upon her chest, and she had trouble breathing as the grandeur of the sky almost overwhelmed her. But she dozed off again, before the air could swallow her whole. She woke before the dawn had set in. Though several early birds had begun their morning song already. The fire next to her had reduced to a bed of smouldering coals, and it no longer produced any warmth. She shivered under the now damp blankets, covered in morning dew, and dug deeper under them to draw out the cold of the coming day. But it was waking her, her body refused to warm the damp blankets, and she opened her eyes in annoyance. In her sleep, she had turned onto her side, facing the vast open desert. A little away from her, seated on a big rock, was Butch. His back to her as he stared out into the absolute nothing before the sun would make her appearance over the mountain ridge in the far distance. The rest of the gang, still rolled up in their cots and blankets, was still vast asleep. Their snoring, of which Jesus was the loudest, scared a few prairie hens from the tall grass. She got up, wrapped Paluxy's saddle blanket around her shoulders, and walked up to the gang leader still contemplatively making the surroundings his own. For as far as he didn't know them yet. She sat herself down on the rock next to him, not saying a word as she followed his gaze into the distance. He didn't wear his coat. Just his shirt and vest. And she wondered if he felt the chilly, morning breeze playing with his hair, and making her shiver. He looked at her when she sat down, but didn't say anything. Their silence only interrupted by Jesus' crude snoring, but they both decided to just ignore it. She looked at his profile, his face turned toward the rising sun again. \"How's your shoulder?\" she asked after a while. It took him a moment before coming up with an answer he was satisfied with giving her. \"Not sure that river water did it any good.\" He looked down at the wound, reaching up to move his shirt away to get a better view. It looked angry and infected, the skin around the perfectly round bullet hole red, bruised and puffy. He placed his palm against it for a second, turning his gaze toward the sun again, now squinting against the light. \"Takes te wind outta me.\" He mumbled. She bit her bottom lip in profound worry at his words. \"I heard Ray got hurt too.\" She said. He nodded, rolling his eyes. \"Is it bad?\" he made a face, shrugging with his good shoulder. \"Ahh, he wish it was. He'd finally have somethin' real te piss and moan about.\" He growled. \"We got a doctor with us. Ah bullet wound aint got no secrets from Jack. Ah just.. work differently. Things always get infected on me.\" He let out an irritated sigh, frustrated with himself. \"Always te same damn mess.\" She studied him, his words making no sense to her, but he didn't look at her, though he must have felt her gaze burn into his cheek. \"I saw my father.\" She started. \"When I almost drowned. I was back home. He was there too.\" He turned to look at her with a tired expression, not saying anything. \"I didn't see my mother.\" She continued. He nodded in contemplation, looking up at a flock of birds flying over. \"Does that mean she's still alive?\" \"Ah don't know, Sharky.\" He shrugged, shaking his head slowly. \"Yer askin' te wrong man.\" \"No, I'm not.\" She pressed, finding his reluctance to be honest with her becoming more and more frustrating. \"You know these things. I know you do.\" He ignored her and took to staring into the new born sun, moving his head so that the outer rim of his hat blocked the light from stinging his eyes. \"You know everything.\" She whispered softly, almost in admiration. \"To me you do.\" He said nothing more. Together, they watched the sun appear from behind the distant mountains, and evaporate the morning dew that covered the different kinds of desert grasses. Behind them, the gang awakened slowly, and coffee was being prepared along with what they had left of their scarce provisions. Gradually, the camp started smelling like freshly made biscuits. She didn't wear a hat, so she reached up to block the sun with her hand, though she welcomed her warm rays immensely. There was another question that had creeped into the back of her mind ever since her near drowning. And now seemed to be as good as a time as ever to ask. \"Did you kill Elton?\" \"No.\" Butch answered gruffly. \"ah had te let him go because o' ye. He ran off first chance he got.\" He let out a bitter chuckle. \"Goddamn coward. Puffed up, pompous peacock braggin' about arrestin' me and God knows what else. Pulled em off ye and he ran so fast ah thought fer sure e' was gonna break the damn sound barrier.\" He huffed. \"Let them Ranger boys handle the rest too. Ye even got one of them Reid boys tailin' ye. Ah saw him. Heard him call fer ye too. Quite the posse, huh?\" She smiled softly. \"Did he hurt you?\" \"Reid?\" Butch shook his head. \"Nah. Couldn't shoot straight if his life depended on it.\" Silence returned between them. Only interrupted when Kyle appeared from behind the rock to hand them both a steaming mug of coffee. \"Mornin' Butch.. miss.\" He nervously tried his best attempts at polite curtsying. She smiled at him brightly, accepting the drink with a few well-meant words of gratitude. \"Does.. does anyone want breakfast today?\" the bearded young man continued, fumbling his bowler hat between his hands. Her stomach decided this was the opportune moment to voice its presence, and it growled so loudly it made the gang leader chuckle. \"Go and eat sumthin'\" he instructed her. \"Yer gonna need yer strength.\" She hesitated. \"You should eat too.\" She tried, watching him make a face at the thought of food. \"You haven't eaten in days.\" She realized she hadn't seen him eat since they spend the night in the woods together, and he made her muskrat. And that could hardly be called a mouthful. \"Ahm not hungry.\" He argued stiffly, avoiding her gaze. \"Go on. Get yer biscuit.\" He pushed her away from him, off the rock, almost causing her to fall against Kyle. \"Let me be. Kyle, take er' with ye.\" He refused to look at her confused gaze, and turned his head to look in the opposite direction. When she felt Kyle's hesitating hand on her arm, she shrugged him off angrily. She didn't need to be dragged away. \"I don't need an escort.\" She argued softly, and walked back to the campsite herself, with Kyle following close behind. For the duration of breakfast, Butch remained on his rock, gazing out over the canyon they came from. He watched the dust trail of the men chasing them from afar. They would catch up with them eventually if they kept travelling the roads less travelled. But in the beaten tracks of wagons and horses making their way westbound in search of a better life, they were harder to follow. He let out a heavy sigh as he rubbed the bridge of his nose, and forced himself to get up and tell his men it was time to go. oooooooooooooooooo ","Summary":" Currently in a state of Butch Cavendish obsession. Any other fans out there? So I thought I might g"}]